Among those who delivered a speech at the opening were I.N. Novikova , the Dean of the SPSU School of International Relations and Professor ; V.S Yagja , the Head of the Department of World Politics of the SPSU School of International Relations , Doctor of History and Professor ; A.A. Sotnichenko , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations ; Bekir Günay , Historian and Associate Professor of Istanbul University , the Director of the Eurasian Institute ; Ali Ertuğrul Turkeli , the General Secretary of the Turkish - Russian Cultural Foundation in Istanbul .
D.A. Ruschin , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations drew attention to the problem of the existence of the self - appointed Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus in connection with the return of the Crimea to Russia .
Downstairs , there would be 5 bedrooms with big beds , 2 bathrooms , one of them with a Jacuzzi , a beautiful kitchen with an American fridge ( one of those that have 2 big doors ) and a table in the center , where I could eat with my family , and a pleasant living room with two or three large sofas .
D. B. Caulfield is a writer and he used to write short stories , including a book of short stories titled The Secret Goldfish , in which you can find Holden 's favorite one , The Secret Goldfish .
Titania 's fairies are also characters who use magic . They use it to protect their ' fairy queen'(2:2:12 ) from ' spotted snakes with double tongue ' , ' newts and blindworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
Examining teens ' identity construction in social media , he states that profile is where teens " express salient aspects of their identity for others to see and interpret " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " continuous status updating " that is updating about life and sharing experiences from the " first person " point of view and ( 3 ) " visual representation " that is " visual images " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in original ) .
Going from one store to another can waste your time , cost you a lot in gas , as well as mentally and physically exhaust you ; when it comes to products that your regularly use , buying in bulk is the best option you have , since that way you get a bigger quantity for a lower price ; or just choose online shopping - is a great way to make your purchases from the comfort of your own home , without having to go out on a rainy day , deal with noisy ( and sometimes even smelly ) crowds , spend money on gas and wait in huge lines .
City X helps reforestation in many countries and places such as Brazil , Java , Sumatra , Peru , Guyana , French Guyana , Surinam , Bolivia , Uruguay , Paraguay , Colombia , Venezuela , Equador , Chile , Indonesia , Bali , Malaysia , Singapore , India , and many more .
Mirotic , Ibaka , Claver , Marc Gasol ( and his younger brother is all a promise ) Therefore we 'll have Paul Gasol 's brothers at least for ten years more but also , Felipe Reyes , Rudy Fernadez , Sergio Rodriguez , Sergio Llul , Calderón are young still .
Equally important , will find sensible boyfriend to go out with and not continue to form romantic attachments to any of the following : alcoholics , workaholics , commitment phobic 's , peeping toms , megalomaniacs , emotional fuckwits or perverts .
Walking around the mysterious streets can be a great experience , we can find some really nice people , including pilgrims crossing the village every day following the historic path of the Via de la Plata is located in Casar .
In conclusion , I want to study in the U.S. for it 's differentiated educational system , for the work and research opportunities that I might find , to know better a culture that amazes me for its capacity to innovate in all fields , to become fluent in a language that I love , to return to my country with more knowledge in areas that I would not find here , and , in long - term , become a better professional or teacher , with a good and solid background on computer sciences , information technology and finally , system analysis and development .
Figure 1 A qunat at the National Library of Iran , Tehran ( http://media-1.boo.britainica.com/eb-media/72/987654-004-03E63A41.jpg )
Upstairs , there would be games room where I could play with my nephews , nieces and my daughter , another bathroom , a little office to work and to study English , and finally a huge room called " the cinema - room " , with several comfortable seats and a giant screen where my friends and I could see our favourite films .
Start your day by joining the many joggers along the city lakes , there is a small cafe , " Kaffe Salonen " , where you can grab a coffee to - go and enjoy the morning sun on one of the many benches looking out on to the lakes and many birds .
When Oberon finds out that Puck has transformed Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head , he gets annoyed at first at Puck 's mistake but later realizes that Titania has fallen in love with a ' vile thing'(2:2:40 ) , a man with an ass ' head .
This paper is a review of scientific researches , including magazines , newspapers , websites and others ; with the purpose of exploring ecotourism , presenting the tourist attractions and beaches to people , in order to call it to their attention in relation to the commercial promotion and local development , where a lot of people do not know the natural beauties of our city .
A large list of characters appears through the episodes , being the common thread that connects the two seasons the regular ones : Martin Compston ( as DS Steve Arnott ) , Vicky McClure ( as DC Kate Fleming ) and Adrian Dunbar ( as PSupt Ted Hastings ) .
A literate reader knows the object - language 's alphabet , grammar , and a sufficient set of vocabulary ; a culturally literate person knows a given culture 's signs and symbols , including its language , particular dialectic , stories , entertainment , idioms , idiosyncrasies , and so on .
The questions discussed at the round table : " Moscow - Ankara : a new foreign policy and a new diplomacy " , " Energy cooperation as the core of the strategic partnership of Russia and Turkey in the XXI century " , " Eurasian dialogue : Russia - Turkey - historical and cultural experience of relationships .
If we speak about TV programs , Ukrainian youngsters like popular American and Russian serials , like the Theory of big bang , Suits , Breaking bad , the Game of thrones , the Kitchen and so on . I must admit that some representatives of Ukrainian youth watch too many serials and waste a lot of their time .
He asserts that language choice and identity are not " predetermined " and are prone to change ( Lee 2014 : 91 ) ; their change is derived from the context where discourse is negotiated and how " interlocutors interpret the identities being projected " ( ibid : 91 ) .
Shakespeare has also used metaphors and similes such as ' let her shine as gloriously as the Venus of the sky ' to create the thought that Helena should look like a ' goddess , nymph , ' in addition to being ' perfect ' and ' divine'(3:2:137 ) .
In order to be culturally literate , you need to be familiar with all manner of things , from Waterloo , Hamlet and " Call me Ishmael , " to the Wife of Bath , the Magna Carta , Tutankhamen , the Pythagorean Theorem and 1066 .
Namen and Kinnison ( 2012 ) indicates that " the three types of social interactions that social networking enables include ( 1 ) creaction of an online identity , ( 2 ) establishment of relationships between users , and ( 3 ) development of layered communities defined by the lists of connections each user establishes " .
Jack tried to confront him , but as soon as he tried to do that , he snapped his fingers and a lot of people came around him , he had a new team , he decided to name them " The KM-3J " , a villains team , their names were Karolina ( she decided to change his name like that because he used to say that that letter was her favorite one ) , Melanie , Miley ( they were both twins , the most beautiful ladies of the world ) , Max , who was an expert in the military field , and Brad Rowley J. , nobody had known his last name until that moment : Junior , he was embarrassed about it , he was descendant of a weird woman , however she was her mother .
CLIL implementation is always a challenge for the teacher , but it seems to be even more difficult when talking about subjects as Arts and Crafts which are more based on the acquisition of skills and the development of another language , the artistic .
It can not escape our minds that at this stage and age , children are exposed to sexual images from a very early age and some people would argue that our society is hyper sexualised , which is a reason why many parents see single sex schools as a means to protect their offspring from having sexual thoughts before they are ready to understand the complexity of sex and sexual relationships .
Anyway , I was thinking maybe you can help me out with this latest one . I 'm supposed to do some research on eating customs around the world and I figured , instead of just doing a quick search on Google and grabbing something off a Wikipedia article , I 'd ask you for a more direct source of input on the habits of the English .
Their scenes are repeatedly stolen , though , by the real stars of the show , the officers who are under suspicion of corruption : Lennie James ( DCI Tony Gates ) in the first season , and Keeley Hawes ( DI Lindsay Denton ) in the second one .
Time travelling is only a means to the development of the story , and the future society is quite similar to the present one , so even if you are not big science fiction fans , I suggest you give this movie a chance , I am sure you wo n't be disappointed .
The most important ones are Hagia Sophia , Topkapi Palace , Sultanahmet Mosque , Suleymaniye Mosque , Yeni Mosque , the Grand Bazaar , Basilica Cistern , Beyazit Tower and the Spice Bazaar .
When I was in middle - school , back in 2011 , I noticed that they had already released their first single called What Makes You Beautiful , so I listened to it and obviously fell in love with it , and with their first album too , named Up All Night .
First of all , I want to know what water sports do you offer , because our group of students would be probably interested in doing something related to water , for instance , surf , diving or sailing , due to the fact that they are used to being constantly in contact with the sea ( we live in Barcelona ) and , therefore , they develop a real passion for it .
Gumer Isaev , Candidate of Historical Sciences , the Director of the Institute of Russian Studies at the Turkish - Russian Cultural Foundation in Istanbul spoke about the cultural relations between our countries .
It was n't only the smile , but the way she talked to him , the look in her eyes and her flirty attitude what had filled his stomach with tiny butterflies and , as he was going home , he started to realize the love running through his veins , right to the heart .
Nations like Mexico and Peru , with internationally recognized cuisines , have taken advantage of their culinary roots and boosted the production of locally grown foods , like chipotle peppers and quinoa , to bring economic growth to their agriculture sectors .
While engaged in diverse experiences ( including my research internship , environmental volunteer service , and other types of employment ) , I have maintained standards of excellence at university and demonstrated my ability to take on a number of responsibilities as well as to effectively manage multiple concurrent projects while meeting deadlines .
This is a great opportunity to spend some quality time together , exchange ideas and opinions ; opt for evening shopping , specifically about half an hour before the stores close if you want to avoid big crowds ; if possible , choose only one store for your everyday shopping .
I just love when you take your bow and prepare to shoot an arrow , and before shooting it your are part of the bow , and you feel that the bow is a part of your body , after that , when you shoot the arrow you are able to see the curve that it makes before hitting the target , I would say this is why I love this sport and why I enjoy it so much .
The performance of Gene Wilder , as the main character Dr Frankenstein , Marty Feldman , as the hunchbacked assistant Igor ( pronounced eye - gore ) , and the other members of the cast is amazing and has made Young Frankenstein one of the top comedy of all time .
The day we finished our last exam , I was not sure what to do . First a friend was not talking to me , because someone told her a lie , so we went to yogen fruz to talk , then I went to the gym and walked to Gabo 's house and then Dani 's .
Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm here to deny and explain everything about the case of my sextape , I went to a party with my football team - mates and we were having a whale of time then some girls arrived and I started to talk with one of them , I like her and she likes me so we went to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how but some guys get into my room and started to record my with the girl and I did n't noted then many days after I received a call from a guy that tell me that he have a very explicit video of me doing things with a girl and that if I do n't give him some money he will put that video on the Internet .
No name of the author on it , but let 's face it - there was only one guy on Brooklyn who would wake up every day before the dawn , no matter if it was raining or snowing , and run like crazy to Alison 's family small flat .
I would like to have the orientation material to increase my chances of getting into university and I will do me best to get very high grades in order to increase my GPA when it 's added to my transcript , to sum up what I 'm looking for is to take a preparation class in business to be included in the final accumulated GPA .
Following on from this , as a society 's wealth increased , people had skills and training to allow them to be much more selective about which employer they want to work for and choices about how and when they wanted to change the type of job they wished to do .
It seems that the most popular sport in the whole world is football because it keep all people united so that is why I love this sport and not only because of that , but it makes me feel very excited and it involves a lot of emotion as well then Do you enjoy watching or playing football ?
The article of the New York Post " THE SOVIET CRISIS ; Yeltsin 's Remarks : A ' Reactionary Coup " refers to the night of 18 - 19 August 1991 when the legally elected President of the country was removed from power .
Although most tourists come to Pamplona for the famous festival of " Bulls Running on the street " , many become passionite about the cuisine of Navarra . As a result , a few shops such as " LA VINOTECA " and " DELICIUS " have dedicated to selling selected top wines and typical food .
Here , students learn how to work together , how to fight for the same goal through tacit teamwork , how to contribute to the whole team instead of just thinking of self , and even how to negotiate or discuss with others , as well as how to be patient and rational .
Just by reading this , you can imagine this fairy king chanting a spell on a purple flower called ' love in idleness ' and you can understand Cupid ( the Greek god of love ) had blessed this flower with his archery , giving you an understanding that this is a love potion .
Lavine , Voss and Coontz ( 2007 ) define robotics as the combination of " automation with action and at times a considerable amount of mobility " which is " becoming more and more humanoid"(p .
A.A. Sotnichenko , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations , analyzed Turkey 's policy regarding the accession of the Crimea to Russia .
Together with a solid foe and the deft and stylish hand of director Christopher McQuarrie , all elements combine to give this fifth outing a refined sense of urgency , perfecting the pace to deliver constant , ever - topping thrills .
In my view Ms. Luhr is succumbing to her emotions rather than her logic because everyone knows that increased work yields increased wealth and increased utility , and this is the ultimate goal of a rational person who is acting selfishly which is how economists think people act .
A few years afterwards , right when I started high school and hit my teenager years , I began eating bigger amounts of unhealthy food from American fast food restaurants that I used to go to with my friends some days right after class and during the weekends .
Most of the content produced on the internet ( 50% ) is in English and last but not least although learning English can be challenging and steals some of our precious time , we can see that it is also very valuable to learn and can also create many opportunities .
When you get out of the airport you have to turn right and walk for ten minutes and then the station is right in front of you , it 's quite simple my friend ! I 've just looked the timetable and your train arrives at 11.04 am .
Işık Kuşçu , Associate Professor of the Technical University of the Middle East in Ankara , spoke about the Turkish perception of the Russian Diaspora and the Tatars in the Crimea .
at the entrance of the temple were two statues the first was white and the second red , the statues were carrying a sword made of gold and diamonds those swords were used to fight Soneka and to open the gate of the cartographer , once we passed the sculptures our objective was to kill the beast and grab the map of the golden city .
A.A. Sergunin , Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations , Doctor of Political Science , gave a speech on the Eastern Partnership of the European Union .
I have one of those unknown diseases , and I could easily donate to the doctors working on my illness , but I probably wo n't . I know that there are a lot of other people with diseases that are way harder than my own , and they need a cure much more than I do .
Given my strong academic background and my leadership experiences at university , including the completion of Manchester Leadership Programme , I believe I am a strong candidate for this position . I enclose a copy of my CV and hope very much to be invited for interview .
There are currently 9 desserts offered on the menu with prices ranging from $ 108 to $ 138 while there is also the famous Improvisation dessert for 2 at $ 328 . I could n't decide what to get at first because they all sounded so interesting so I asked the chef for recommendations .
The scope of this report is to give readers an overview in the historical development of water treatment , the changing perception of standardization of water treatment , and the continuous improvement of the technologies that are involved due to the growing lists of water quality parameters to be monitored .
That night the time flew by , but things started to get weird , Marcus was talking with an Australian guy about the proofs that he had found related to dinosaurs , he was interested in them , but Marcus did n't like his point of view about those species , the guy told him they were bad creatures with no feelings , and Marcus thought they were awesome and the most lovely creatures he had never heard about , the guy thought Marcus was crazy , so he flew from the Federal Palace .
I am the chairman of the 2012 Metropolitan Medical Conference that is being held in Miami , Florida on July 5 , 2012 , and I would like to invite you to present your research on beta blockers . We would be delighted to listen to you discuss your work , and I hope you will also agree to run a short question - and - answer session after the presentation .
The ' style ' factor of it ( or " aesthetic value " if you will ) also plays an important role , again , intensifying the relationship between team and the crowd while granting the pleasure of contemplating and executing flowing movement sequences , finishing a play , or just stylishly mocking your opponent .
Meanwhile Jacob is completely in love with that girl he met weeks before , her name was Scarlett , she said that her dad was in the military and was working on a high - tech portable device that will change gravity in low levels and in a short period of time , like a fraction of a second , but it was later suspended because their boss told them it was very dangerous to experiment on and it was going to be very expensive , but as her dad continued with the experiment his boss got so mad he kicked them from the city into that mysterious island .
Since the concept and preliminary implementation model of the Yiddish Centre was developed in my office , it was expected that World ORT would participate in the project in a few capacities , rather than just including Yiddish component in our events , subject to the theme .
After almost 3 years of practicing to do tricks , to create a perfect match between my moves and the rhythm of the song I am playing , and to try to reach the perfection , I realized that slalom skating is more like a performing art than a sport .
Had it not been written in the year 2000 , but today , I am sure that this story would have been turned into a successful TV series in which we could have learnt more about the past and the future of those fantastic characters .
I know the only time you have to go there is in the morning , before you go to work , so I would like to ask you to give priority in changing the water for my bird , and seeing if there is still enough seeds in her bowl which , by the way , are in a box next to the cage .
The film , directed by Louis Leterrier , is about four magicians , known as " The Four Horsemen " that join together by a mysterious benefactor , and during their presentations they do all kind of illegal stuff , such as robbing a bank or ripping off their own boss .
One of the strengths of the film is its star - studded cast : Juliette Binoche as Vianne , Alfred Molina as the mayor , Judi Dench as a grumpy , elder woman resented with the oppressing society of the village , and a young Johnny Depp as a handsome gypsy arriving in town with his caravan .
The Natural Well Ik Kil , which is located three kilometers away from the archeological zone of Chichén Itza , will be the final one of the Jumps season , 2014 and in that season Duque and the Mexican Jonathan Paredes will face each other in order to be between the top five spots of the season .
In 2013 , the subway delivered over 1.71 billion rides , averaging approximately 5.5 million rides on weekdays.[2 ] Shanghai Metro system are 14 metro lines and 329 stations , with an operating route length of 334 miles , with 2.5 billion rides delivered in 2013 .
D. Perhaps , bilingual school creation might be a good idea of Colombian education improvement , but it will be appropriate to be aware that Colombia actually has public schools with a basic education where English is considered as another academic subject , in contrast with the private ones .
Spending holidays with a group can be very convenient and for some people is the only way of travelling , but the advertisement did not state clearly that it concerned this particular type of holiday , which made me and some others feel deceived .
I am particularly interested in this job due to the fact that I already worked in summer camps ( In Spain and France ) for two years and I 'm very passionate about being with children . I would be able to organise sports and evening activities too because I have helped in many events at my school .
My dissertation project , " Ferns and Leaves : Nineteenth - Century Female Authorial Space , " examines the rise and development of American female authors in the 1840s and 1850s , with a particular focus on patterns of magazine publication .
While the hyper sexualisation of our society may be a reality that many parents would want to protect their children from , it is true to say that children need to adapt and be ready for the society in which they live and for may parents , sending their children to a mixed sex school is just a natural environment , much more similar to the " outside world " in which they would grow to adulthood .
Multimedia , advertising and entertainment companies now work in synergy to target everyone from toddlers who can barely speak to pensioners confused with the speed of life in the new age , unsubtly playing on their needs and desires in order to turn them all into faithful consumers .
Thus , overlapping dialogues are introduced in a mixture of modern idiom and archaic sentence structure , several scenes have been shifted to more romantic settings , and the proximity of the Bennets to their rural life is stressed to illustrate their relative poverty in contrast with the rich characters of the story
First of all , the mobile phone is a great way to " stay connected " all the time . Chatting with your friends , staying informed of the latest news , ordering online , etc - you can do all these things simultaneously , wherever and whenever you want .
Minimalistic design is both stylish and user - friendly , as it does not imply any elements requiring website visitors to load heavy modules , and there are no unnecessary banners that distract the user .
Everyone lived peacefully and harmoniously until one day , at the welcoming ball in honour of the little princess , a horrendous witch showed up and cursed the little princess named Sophie , who would die at the age of 16 and only a kiss of true love would save her .
Jack , was arguing with an officer about Mexico conquest ( the officer did n't understand anything because Jack was drunk ) , and suddenly , the officer took off his costume and a strange mask , and in that moment … Jack was astonished because the officer was not an officer , he was Brad !
It it hard to believe that Hollywood superstar Tom Cruise is still able to reinvent himself carry the weight of a blockbuster franchise like the " Mission : Impossible " series , much more so after considering the fact that he is now in his early fifties , and still looks as fresh as he did in the 25 years old " Days of Thunder " .
Everybody was there : the Smiths , with their three broad - shouldered sons ; the Newtons , who even brought some of their stallions to help us remove the earth and the stones ; and the slim guy who lived in the farm in the northern hills of the valley and whose name nobody knew .
Some historians claim there were 20 over inventors of incandescent lamps prior to Edison 's version but Edison is often credited with the invention because his version was able to outstrip the earlier versions because of a combination of three factors : " an effective incandescent material , a higher vacuum than others were able to achieve and a high resistance that made power distribution from a centralized source economically viable . "
The marriage ceremony took place at a wonderful church , there were flowers everywhere , live music , three hundred guests and of course , the bride and the bridegroom , the most beautiful and happy couple I have ever seen as far as I can remember .
I 'd like to find a part - time job but first of all I have to find an apartment to live , so I was wondering if you can look for a small apartment where I can live in ; it would be better if it 's near the underground station and in the city centre so that I can go sightseeing in my free time .
Gnadenthal is exceptionally suitable for people who want to take some time off their hard and stressful daily life in order to find calmness and to think about themselves in a way of their character .
Our elder daughter , Tsz Yin who is currently in Form 4 of St. Paul 's Co - educational College Secondary School ( " SPCC " ) , greatly enjoys her school life and at the same time achieved good results in the past three years .
In this class there are strong wishes about certain areas regarding America that the pupils want to learn : 10 pupils would like to learn about American High School Life , 4 pupils would like to learn about National Parks in America , 4 pupils would like to learn about Native Americans and 1 pupil would like to learn about American Motor Industry .
We will be back by the end of the week , so take care and enjoy your mornings with my bright bird , she loves having company so if you could get her to have lunch with you and talk a little with her , she will be happy for the rest of the day .
In that wonderful city you must visit the statue of Jesus Christ called " il Cristo velato " made by marble and then you must visit the centre of the city , full of fantastic features that make this city really particular like Spaccanapoli , Hidden Napoli , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Severio Church and so on .
We 've had three lessons so far and I 'm thoroughly enjoying teaching this group ; it 's a pleasure to teach face - to - face and a challenge to teach adults at this level ; it 's really great to get ' back to basics ' .
So Peter went home to take his wallet but before that he decide to take a nap because he was tired so he started to sleep but it ended up that he slept for over 3 hours and his mother started calling him at the telephone and she was really angry because he forgot to buy the magazines for his grandmother .
Following my LLM graduation with magna cum laude in the top five , I enrolled in a PhD in International Economic Law at the University Paris 9 Dauphine in 2010 .
Most people love donating money to different charities , but have you ever thought why it gives us such pleasure ? I believe it 's because , as humans , when we see someone happy , it makes us happy , especially if we are the reason for that happiness .
How to provide student with more real and relevant input , in the daily routine of an art class , seems to be a dare for Arts and Crafts teachers , who need to bring together the development of the artistic language and the learning of a foreign language .
Several lounge sofas were available on the side for big groups to sit together , but the view was what caught my eye as the floor - to - ceiling windows let in a vast amount of natural light .
She went down to the kitchen and proceeded with preparations , but she could n't get rid of that weird feeling . ' Something is up . I can feel it ' , so she picked up the phone and decided to call Michael again .
To start , " Rogue Nation " follows the same basic formula of the movies preceding it : fast - paced action , a focus on the espionage and gadgetry of the core team , and some of the most breathtaking set pieces Hollywood has to offer .
Michael then remembered how he had overslept that morning , how he did n't have time to have breakfast , how he did n't have any clean shirt ready and had to wear the new one that he was keeping for a special occasion and he blamed that woman for it all .
Secondly , you can drive your car everywhere , It does n't matter what time it is or where you would like to go . Travelling by car is much more convenient and comfortable than travelling by bus , by subway or by train .
The culturally literate person is able to talk to and understand others of that culture with fluency , while the culturally illiterate person fails to understand culturally - conditioned allusions , references to past events , idiomatic expressions , jokes , names , places , etc .
Now that I have been volunteering for a while , my expectations have changed : Unga KRIS is still a place where I expect to have fun and meet new people but I also expect to grow even more as a person , to take on responsibilities and face my fears in different social situation . »
First of all , I think Facebook , for example , is a great way for shy people to socialize , because it can boost their self - esteem , considering the fact that they do n't have to meet anyone face - to - face .
It took me 12 years to get the courage to quit because it was my family company and I felt really sorry , but I had to grow up and improve my professional skills , so I began to look for a new job .
My name is Montserrat Márquez , I am 23 years old and I am really interested in the advertisement I saw the other day about working on summer camps in the USA . I have worked before but in my home town , Mexico city , and I think I would be a perfect candidate for this job .
The KM-3J put Jack into an immense bag , they were planning to kill him and place his dead body in a grave , in that way their friends would find him buried , but they were not that evil , they just put him into a dark room and tied his hands in a chair , it was exactly the same thing he was dreamed about .
When I stay at home , I can wear pyjamas all day long ( for example when I 'm sick ) Also , there are days when I want to go to the beach with my family , and so I put my bikini and a summer dress on .
The writer lets us observe the fear , anxiety and the defenceslessness of Sam , a neurological patient who is just beginning to emerge from its comatose state and has yet to deal with the reality of his new situation , sorting out pieces of memories involving relatives and not quite understanding why a woman he does n't know anything about claims to be his wife .
My penultimate position was as chief executive of a company with photocomposition , which was followed by the creation of a publication service serving the " Sell Side " department of Pictet , then Helvea demonstrated my sense of organization and easy adaptation to new environment .
Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexed problem , so her mom told her that they came out from the park at 9:00pm it was still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because they police thought that she had a globe with wine , and her mother told the police that she does n't have alcohol or wine on her car , and they police did n't believed her and they took them to the police station so they could check his car , and about 10 minutes approximately they told her that she did n't have nothing so they , went from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .
I 'm also very good with first aid , so if someone is hurt I 'm very helpful with that too , I can do pretty much anything that you want me to , I love all kids and I love spending time with them , I love playing outside and caring for all the children .
Only possible in segmental pronunciation , the occasional missed a few notes , such as -d , I did not noticed this because when I deliberately stressed -d , I found the tone and mood more likely to become very weird , this is the biggest problem I 've encountered in pronunciation teaching .
If you are a fan of romantic films , you probably do n't like this movie . " Palmeras en la nieve " is a Spanish film based on a book written by Luz Gabas which is about the life of a Spanish man who goes to Bioko to work and he falls in love with a native woman .
Due to the interest in protecting animals , people are eager to take part in organizations such as World Wide Fund for Nature ( WWF ) which is an international non - governmental organization working on issues regarding the conservation , research and restoration of the environment .
When I think about donating money I see sick children and adults with rare diseases , and small groups of scientists and doctors doing their best to help them , but who do n't have enough money for research . I choose them because I know that they are the least people who get help - because how would people help them if they do n't know about them ?
I mean , it was September , so I had a one whole month of vacation ahead of me to do whatever I wanted to and it was awesome because I could finally just relax , sleep , read books and spend a lot of time with my loved ones .
Nemo 's father knowns a fish called Doris that wanted to helped him , they cross all the ocean to go to Nemo 's location to save him , while Nemo tries to survive in a dentist house .
I am currently an intern on a scientific research program in a group called GALP - Logical Programming Teaching Group , that , with the local city hall of Araraquara , aims to transform the city into a national technology , research and software producing center , accomplishing this goal by teaching logical thinking and alghoritms to kids , diminishing future evasion in many exact sciences courses .
Using the phone during breaks let the students focus on the lesson and then , have a bit of distraction when they are not there and , what is more , keep parents relaxed because they can communicate with their children and talk about what they need .
In Boyed 's terms , profile is an important space where writers tell the audience " who they are and how they want to be seen " ; a link that connects people 's " offline and online identities"(2008 : 129 ) .
For me personally , the best way to collect and record information for future generations is to interview people and to store the information in an appropriate way because of three reasons : Firstly , I have the chance of not getting just one story from a person but maybe two or three more .
He talks about ' musk - roses'(2:1:252 ) and ' wild thyme'(2:2:249 ) giving us this image of this beautiful land , with green grass and all sorts of flowers .
The only disadvantage I could find is that golf is n't such a cheap sport to do , as it requires a lot of expense and also a good mental and psychological health , which is the first thing I recommend to work on if you want to enjoy golf from the beginning .
In the future water will be very expensive to the extent that you will have to work three hours of overtime everyday to be able to pay for half a liter of clean water , but the one thing that will never change in the future is the smile on your mother 's face when you surprise her by cleaning your bedroom without using the robot that belongs to your older brother .
Much time lost could have been saved with a few phone calls , for example waiting for half an hour in a queue could have been prevented if a call had been made to the museum before we arrived there .
We can say that the Coyle 's idea is well developed thanks to two features that pass through the chapter and likely the entire book : first of all , many significant references and specialized people are mentioned to define what " deep practice " is ( a psychologist , some experts in their own field , authors who already analyzed that particular topic … ) ; secondly , but no less important , Coyle himself collected the most of his information while visiting at least nine places , nine " hotbeds " ( 12 ) where talents grow , as a sort of collection of data gathered from laboratory experiments .
The opponent must raise a leg when the other one touches the border to tell them " Lo , I am in your territory".If the opponent touches the border , he can retreat to his field , no shame in that , but he do n't get any points .
He always wanted to have his own business , he used to say , if you work for somebody you are part of the problem , but if you hire people to work for you , you are part of the solution , so if you want to be successful , be your own boss .
The US mass - media followed the reaction on the crisis inside Communist party closely One of the articles of the Washington post " Soviet Turmoil Shakes Europe 's Communists " tells that Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev 's call for dissolution of the Communist Party Central Committee has called into question the survival of its satellite parties in Western Europe .
My name is Aly Meeuws , I am 16 years old , I live in The Netherlands at the moment and I am really planning on going to the USA in the future , so this would difinitely be a great experience for me especially for my English and being away from home .
Secondly , the article ' ' Innovative ' Intervention Helps Babies at High Risk of Autism ' is based on a video - therapy , which improves the interaction between parents and autism - related babies in a way that would help develop the children 's communication abilities and social engagement .
She may be right about that treadmill because there is a cycle in which consumption results from work which necessitates further consumption , but theory would indicate that this is a positive , self - perpetuating cycle because increased consumption yields increased utility , therefore maximizing utility .
Tsz Yin very much cherishes her experience at St. Paul 's and we sincerely hope that Tsz Huan can have the opportunity to benefit from the quality education your school provides .
All in all , I suppose a lot of people disagree with this subject because it is not a good idea for them , but in my opinion it is a really good idea to save other people 's lives by taking stem cells from an aborted foetus .
Michael got out of bed on the wrong side that day or , at least , that 's what he thought when , on his way to work , he was so concentrated looking down at his mobile phone that he did n't see a woman approaching him and they both collided .
The main cause of that change was that I had to have breakfast , lunch and dinner at my college dorm 's dining room that had amazingly good cooks , They 'd cook really good dishes such as cocido , garbanzos and paella .
As the technology develops rather rapidly , it 's a world - wide phenomenon now for us to find that large - scale buildings and transport networks are to be built for the sake of human 's economy , which means vast areas of farmland , forest and wetland are on the way of being ruined .
I also learned that is the mother that gives the principles and the direction of a man 's mind , and depending on her he is going to be a sexist or not , he is going to help and be an honor man or not , he is going to be a good and caring father or not , he is going to be a responsible human being or not .
I would be happy to send you any additional materials such as letters of reference , teaching evaluations , and past and proposed course syllabi . I will be available to meet with you at either the MLA or C19 conference , or anywhere else at your convenience .
The idea of Titania having a ' flowery bed'(4:1:1 ) and the idea of Bottom , at that time , looking ' monstrous ' and ' strange'(3:1:91 ) creates a distinction .
" The Flying Dutchman " , also known as Epke Zonderland , is a gymnast from Groningen who was the first man worldwide to do an incredibly difficult exercise on the parallel bars .
It is still a mystery to me how so many people managed to find their way inside , but when we were in the concert hall at last , hundreds were there already and people were obviously laughing about the fact that the main entrance had magically disappeared .
If you love the extreme travels I recommend the Mexico 's city subway , it 's easy because there is a station in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Génova station ( it 's important to say that in the airport you have access of each one of the options )
I 'm not teaching English in my new school , but in the future if there is the chance I will definitely give it a try , especially in the curriculum learned some teaching tips , the biggest gain this course is to read picture books to read and record , because that and English proficiency is not just training , but will note that strengthen their pronunciation and intonation , and then each time peer feedback also completed the listening exercises .
Set in in the late 1950s France , Chocolat deals with the topic of society discriminating against different people because of their being different : whether they are gypsies , women that do n't depend on men , or people that do n't share the Christian faith .
I hope I do n't get an F by saying this , but it is the truth , and I love being honest . I know , as soon you put your creepy , wicked eyes on my composition I must expect a bad grade .
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element to speak English , if you know grammar you only know certain rules to write , but I think that speaking is most important than writing , because when you go to anyplace in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you ; in this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you would n't unsderstand anything ; but here is another topic , whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to realize what the person is trying to say .
The Jirga is a ' traditional system ' of justice , which is actively practiced in , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , Baluchistan as well as in districts of Sindh bordering with Baluchistan as to resolve legal cases and disputes .
Nor could I have conceived after having multiple people help calling the ambulance , which never came , or the friends who called my in - laws to come take care of the kids , that we would be eating a wonderful pizza by the end of the evening .
For people who come from other countries like you , there are a lot of internships and I can assure you that you will find a great job , there are also companies that are hiring people to work for a short period of time in their call centers .
Firstly , the article ' predicting dyslexia - even before children learn to read ' shows a new research , in which it 's possible to pick up some of the signs of dyslexia in the brain even before kids learn how to read .
Anyways , if you feel that going to your music classes is stressful and you do n't have time to do it , try a new sport ! maybe soccer , or go running in the mornings as I said before , believe me golf is kinda funny but you do n't exercise too much as you could .
Today , After 10 years of skating , I wonder sometimes what my life would be without skating . I believe that skating is a huge part of me , Mohammed , and I am positive that if this part was missing , my path in life would have changed and I will never be the same person I am now .
I apply recent print - culture and book - history theory to my readings of novels , magazine articles , letters , and diary entries by various female authors , with a particularly focus on Sara Willis ( known by her pseudonym Fanny Fern ) .
Though this has been an amusing debate , we the affirmative side , on the weight of our argument and proof , have concluded that lottery should n't be banned in the US and Spain , because it is a tradition , it gives help , hope and support to public entities and it must be a rational investment .
.H. Lawrence 's saying " Nobody ought to own houses or furniture - any more than they own the stones of the high road " is an ambiguous saying that questions the need of the people regarding a high number of properties .
To sum up I think that if you want to do exciting sports Catalonia is a good place where you can find lots of different sports and you can choose what to do , but if you do n't want to do sports you can do another activities or go on interesting places .
However much Roman law , Mosaic law , and rabbinical law impacted lives of Jews living in first - century Israel , many people who followed the religion of Israel lived outside of Palestine and beyond the borders of the Roman Empire .
I remember I began to bite my knuckles because of the tension , and also because of a girl near me who could n't stop crying nervously ( it 's a pet peeve of mine , I have to admit it ) .
There are lots of places where you can do water sports like scuba diving , windsurfing , surfing , go on a banana bus , kayaking … The Costa Brava is the perfect place to do water sports because there is a lot of wind and good weather .
In addition , could you provide me information about the nearest airport and about the way to get to your hotel from there ? We must know this for any case since we are going to travel by plane from Budapest , Hungary . I would be pleased if you could assist me in booking a cheap flight as well .
Like Thomas , none of them have any real memories of their previous lives , although there 's a barely spoken , horrific suggestion that the lives they 've come from might have been even worse than the ones they 're living now .
As a result , ways to cut down on pollution . for instance , when one person uses a car for 6 people and many people do the same that make a lot of pollution for that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars for cutting down on pollution for a better future .
This comedy , entirely shot in black and white , is a parody of the classical horror films , in particular it 's a parody of those films based on the Mary Shelley 's better - known book , and presents a lot of elements that gives this film a really hilarious mark .
Those people could be politicians , film starts , singers , football players and so on living in a constant stress because they can not have a " normal " life , and , from my point of view , that 's normal because they live for this , they are public people and because of this they have to keep calm and carry with it .
Historical and political analysis " , " Internal policy of Turkey and its impact on Russian - Turkish relations " and other aspects of political , economic and cultural cooperation between our countries .
Once I remember myself hanging around in the shopping mall Akropolis in order to buy shoes in two hours . I did not managed to get particular one , because of size , which some shops suddenly could not suggest as well as the quality of others did not seem to be valuable for fixed prices .
This is why I was very surprised when I came out of the theater after seeing " Looper " and thought " Hey , I just saw a thriller with Bruce Willis in it , and it was actually a really good one ! "
Looking down at the watch on my wrist , I realized it had been nearly a week since I survived the fall over the snowy cliff and now I had to go through this all alone with no improvement to my dire predicament .
My wife 's name is Maritza , she is 30 years old , she is a beautiful and joyful woman , my son 's name is Rafi , he is 3 years old , he is very handsome and fun child .
I 'm going to talk about doctor who , a British sci - fi TV show about an alien called the Doctor who travels through time and space in a police box called the TARDIS ( Time and Relative Dimension in Space ) .
I 'm really into Ps3 especially Fifa 15 , and fan of riding a bike but I do n't like computer games , they are very boring , but I like chatting on the internet with my friends , sometimes I like playing on my Ipad
I plan to develop my dissertation into a book manuscript , and continue to research the role of female writers in antebellum magazine culture , with a particular focus on the rise and influence of female magazine editors on literary culture .
The glorious world of Jane Austen is brought back to the silver screen in Pride & Prejudice , a 2005 British film based on the novel of the same title , published in 1813 .
Getting distracted is extremely likely , therefore people watching educational programs may end up switching the TV off or turning over to another channel , as a good movie or any other entertainment is way more appealing .
Azul Historico is a different restaurant and is located in a patio of an old building in the zocalo , the type of architecture of the place is colonial and between the tables are some trees , and this trees covers the diners when they are eating .
It really caught my attention how relevant Doctor Who is in the UK because almost every time I turned on the TV there was someone talking about who could be the new Doctor , it appeared in the news , in newspapers and the day the BBC was going to reveal the name of the actor they even made a special show about it .
I was walking in the center of Turin when I saw a big , beautiful hotel , with a lot of police who were trying to maintain law and order because there were a lot of people like me that wanted to know what was going on .
Many parents face a dilemma when choosing the type of education they wish to give to their children and one of the first decisions they must take is what type of school they would like their children to attend and whether it should be a single sex school or a mixed sex one .
This way you will have the chance to have more relaxing journey through the countryside , traffic will not be so intense and aggressive , and finally you can plan the time you want to arrive , using a GPS or other technolology to help you plan your journey .
Often considered the complete attacking player , he was completely two - footed , a prolific finisher , exceptional at dribbling and passing , and was a remarkably good tackler for a forward .
The biggest and best one is the Marina Arauco Shopping Centre , located on 15 Norte St. It has two anchor department stores , Almacenes Paris and Almacenes Ripley , one at each end of the mall which is two blocks long .
It was already night when he was in Luck 's house ( Luck was an old friend ) and all of them were talking about life things , but then Luck remembered that John was working in an experiment that he did n't know what was it about , so he asked John in front of everyone :
A charter plane carrying 72 passengers , including players from Brazilian soccer team Chapecoense , crashed near Rionegro , Colombia , according to the country 's civil aviation department .
my town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment , they provide us by good buses which are friends to the environment and offer the tickets for this buses in a cheap price , they also trying to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by the recycling , also the people tries all the time to find the best way for keep our village clean;they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens , also they take care of the fuel in their cars to not to be bad for the environment , so , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment beside the government .
With calculated precision , the plot hatches a story where there are no goodies and baddies , and throws in a few twists and turns that makes your mouth drop -indeed , Detective Chief Inspector Tony Gates has adopted a set of particular ethics principles and nevertheless , he 's adored by his loyal team , has got a nice family and has recently been awarded " Officer of the Year " .
Thinking about it relieved him , made him feel excited about the unknown , the unexpected , maybe all the questions ever asked , maybe , finally , they would be answered .
On the weekend , I wake up at 6:15am but I get up at 7 am . I still study French with Mrs Alexa as usual . Saturday afternoon I hang out with my boyfriend , we go to the cinema or the coffee shop .
On the August 20 , " New York Times " published the article which contained the excerpts from the news conference held by Acting President Gennadiy Yanayev and four other members of the State Committee for the State of Emergency .
When we arrived in Barcelona we went by taxi to the hotel , which my brother had previously booked , and there we met with other relatives : my brother , his wife , my nephews and of course my niece ( the bride ) .
First of all could be said that the society is spending more time doing relaxing things such as going to the beach or meet friends , and some experts say that we have to spend more time working or studying because people is becoming lazier .
First of all , there are a lot of places to visit here and I would like to take you to , Punta del Este , Piriapolis , Cabo Polonio , La paloma and other beautiful places .
53% of the male students never do that ; while 50% of the girls stated that they try to go theatres and operas several times a year to expand their horizons .
Also , some people spend huge sums of money on things that are not essential , they are attracted by commercials , advertisements , sales assistant recommendations , so they do not follow their budgets by buying everything , as they are excited by the shopping process itself , it causes regrets and financial problems afterwards .
On the other hand , despite the numerous documentaries , news and cultural programs which are passed on every day , another fact that must be considered is the incredible amount of the so - called rubbish TV , which has been impacting badly on the younger generation , and the extreme violence of some movies transmitted even during times that should be considered as a protected band for children .
Michael had an unexpected late meeting at work that night and forgot to call home , which made Marianne completely furious ; throwing things to the wall , crashing plates from the counter to the ground , the whole nine yards .
Public Housing Estate Recycle Competitions have also been held every year to promote the concept of recycling plastic , paper or tin and to help the residents cultivate such a habit in daily life .
The cathedral hasa height of 55 m. The Dom was rise at rank of first church of Timisoara by the empress Maria Tereza in 1756.What is very interesting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger showing Saint Gheorghe riding and fighting with the basilisk .
When I managed to reach the outside I had a taxi waiting for me , probably sent by my mother , so at least I did n't have to look for another one in the stifling heat of the city .
According to UNESCO literacy is at the heart of basic education for all and that creating literate environments and societies is essential for achieving the goals of eradicating poverty , reducing child mortality , curbing population growth , achieving gender equality and achieve sustainable development , peace and democracy .
If you have any further questions , I can be contacted on 00316 12 34 56 78 . I would welcome the opportunity of an interview to give you additional information on what I can contribute to Meltwater News .
Zaragoza 's population is aware of the importance of keeping the town clean and so they 're willing to do plenty of things to avoid the pollution and its environmental consequences .
In other words , even though I can get temporary happiness from accomplishing a work task or gaining a compliment from my co - workers , personally I think I obtain more permanent enjoyment and satisfaction from engaging and interacting with the people that I love .
Once you accept that your sibling , although similar , is n't the same as you , or that your child has a different view on their future , it 's easier to embrace the differences and be a supportive family member .
With reference to your advertisement posted on the web ( CareerCast IT ) a few days ago , I am sending you attached my curriculum vitae in support of my application for the following position : Graduate Project Engineer , which are being offered at your company .
Being a good sailor does n't mean knowing all about it , the point of sails , the winds , and so on , for me a good sailor is someone that knows the boat s / he 's sailing on , and is able to deal with all the possible situations and also kind of people s / he can possibly have to deal with .
In my free time I watch TV , I play PS3 , I ride a bike and I sometimes play football in the " camp municipal de la mion " , and my hobby is running in the afternoon with my father . I spend money on clothes and I sometimes spend money on PS3 games but I spend some money on my bike .
Like in the stove there is a feed section where you can feed the pellet that will go directly to the combustion chamber ( according to the control system ) in order to burn it and generate the heat to warm up the water .
A wise man in the past said once , " If you want to be a good badminton player you need the nerves of a climer , the strength of a shot putter , the condition of a marathon runner and the elegance and cleverness of a fencer . "
Writers often make their masterpieces shiny and glowing in order to make it more acceptable by people , less shocking to them and less close to the reality from which readers had the intention to escape when they have picked that piece of writing in the first place .
These standards are called unwritten rules which can be defined as unspoken rules imposed in each culture to make the population to live more civilly ( Bob Greene , How Unwritten Rules Circumscribe Our Lives - Paragraph 6 ) .
Their novels have much in common : first of all the plot is usually pretty complex ( as we can see in David Copperfield by Dickens and Wuthering Heighs by E. Bronte ) , and so are the characters , which are always well described especially on a psychological level ; furthermore both the authors included in their works the figure of the noble who helps the hopeless child who comes from a lower class .
In 2015 , after 30 years of service in the Church of the Sacred Heart in Peluzuchampa , north of Bolivia , the priest Inocencio Raudales , 66 years old , realized that the wine drunk at the moment of communion is not the truly blood of Jesus Christ , as he has thought for his whole life .
We have the power to choose what we want , but with so many options we must be aware of our own decisions , I want to say that , although we have so many options , not all of them are effective for us , we are able to decide if we 'd rather see a comedy or a documentary .
However , in its present form , the tribal Jirga especially in Sindh province has generated heated debate about its legal position as well as conflict of its rules and codes with the constitution of Pakistan , law of the land or formal justice system as well as international human rights standards and conventions .
Lucky Wang 's stepmother was such a snake - hearted woman that she did as many cruel things as she could to torture this poor boy .
My mother had found a new job in some ancient ruins , right in the middle of the desert . I should mention that she was an important archaeologist , known all over the world , and she had to travel to every corner on Earth .
But , on the other hand , when they travel abroad , it 's easier to take a train o a plane because you arrive faster and you need n't find a place to park your car and if you want to go somewhere you can take a taxi or a bus or even the underground .
1- Most of the patients believe they have got frozen shoulder due to a trauma or injury in the shoulder joint , but this is a myth because frozen shoulder can occur after a trauma or even without any trauma as in elderly people especially those who have diabetes and those recovering from an operation .
In my opinion , we need to save future for public transport for our future and it is vital to reduce the use of private cars . Travelling by car is more convenient but with improved public transport , we need to reduce use of cars .
I 'm Vincenzo Manna , an engineering student who , by means of linguaenglish , is going to spend three weeks in Brighton ( as you already know , my colleague Gelsomina Davide and I are arriving next 27th of July ) .
But taking a year off has its downsides as well , like the time people waste working on something they are not going to do in the future , because with any kind of extracurricular studies , people strangely find a good job .
After Sally , the heroine of Blink , takes the TARDIS key away from Weeping Angels in the deserted house , they shadow her quietly , as if they might be laid there for a long time .
although I am still studying , I also work at weekends as a football referee in the province of Málaga , I consider myself as a person with a high control when I work with big groups and also a person who likes to lead groups and with a good ability to work under pressure .
On the one hand , Berlusconi compromised his position when some journalists told the world some wiretappings of his which would compromise his future political career ; on the other , Luciano Ligabue won the award for the best song of the year , bringing his career ever forward .
Despite surviving the attack , Milla loses the ability of recognize faces , and thus she can not tell people apart , which means anyone could be the psycho who tried to kill her , and she could be in great danger .
When a student came in , also he was surprised to see so many people inside , but , after a while , he realized what was really happening : dozens of wet raincoats had been left on the chairs by students of another course .
As an Orthodox and Slavic country which is yet to become a member of the EU and does not want to become member of NATO , in a difficult economic situation with public exposed to strong propaganda , Serbia , is an easy target of Russia 's soft power .
After this short description of myself I would just like to say that I have only heard good things about your summer camps from my relatives in the U.S. , so it would be my pleasure to work for you .
More than 30 years ago , in the remote deserts of North America , Hans Feurer was given free to photograph Kenzo Takedo 's 1983 advertising campaign .
Knowing a clean and tidy city is no less appealing to the tourists than beautiful scenery and bargain shopping , both the authority and the citizens understand the need to keep our city clean in order to keep the tourists coming , therefore they are serious in protecting the environment .
To begin with , he focused on design considerations with DPT , explaining what software to use , and then he went on to tell us about typography and fonts , layout and balance as well as graphics and logs .
On the one hand , public transport is more convenient for large cities as it provides service to a larger number of people and we avoid traffic jams and the need to find parking spots , besides the fact that we wo n't get worried about leaving our cars parked on the street and , when we come back , the car could have been robbed or stolen .
Bork believes this very comparison to be an efficient one , as it employs the parallels that are easily understandable for a wider audience due to the utilization of simple terms that they can relate to .
Apart from studying at the high school " Marie Curie " of Meda , I sing in a choir as a soprano and my director would be pleased to speak for me if you would like to contact him to get further information .
Therefore , the oxygen therapy needs to continue immediately along with his admission , via nasal cannula or oxygen mask within 4 to 6L / min , until the anaesthesia effects are completely gone and the patient 's oxygen saturation be restored ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
People are becoming more and more aware of the strain the carbon dioxide emissions of their cars put on the environment , and many municipalities have already outlawed the circulation of certain types of vehicles in given parts of their cities to reduce atmospheric pollution and improve the quality of its air .
I do n't belong to any of these groups , because I am not addicted to shopping , but I do love the process of choosing clothes , shoes and accessories . I hate going shopping with my father as he is always advising stupid stuff .
The very thought of winning an accolade in front of a jubilant crowd disappeared all together and all I ever wanted was to be home , be safe , and be with my family .
He had lived near our town and I used to spend my holidays with him , and , of course , I used to help him with his cows and rabbits , so I could do this work again for your company .
Were younger people allowed to fast track their ascension within a country 's military , they could find themselves having to make critical choices based more on theoretical study than practical experience , and this could have catastrophic results .
This in contrast to the guide " Light at the End of the Tunnel : Practical Reflections on the French and British in Business " published by the French chamber of commerce in Great Britain .
Considering how much time children spend at school , it appears to me that choosing a single sex school will make the child , somehow , segregated and in many cases , reinforce some of the may stereotypes that we , as society , have regarding gender which , if we take into consideration that these children are going to be the future leaders , educators , lawyers , politicians and so on , I would argue that the more schools reflect our society and the way that we like it to be , the better , not only for the child as a person , but the child as a key in the future of the country and , as an extent , to the world .
Therefore , the first chapter features Detective Sergeant Steve Arnott , a high - flying counter - terrorism officer , who is recruited to AC-12 after refusing to collude with his colleagues in the cover - up of a failed operation in which a man was mistaken shot by another cop .
Line of Duty is a British police drama , created by Jed Mercurio , about the investigations of AC-12 , a controversial Police Anti - Corruption Unit .
I am interested in this job because I hope to apply my experience in a positive manner , which will undoubtedly prove my competence and enhance my abilities . I would be proud to work for a company with such a long history of leadership in the industry .
I used to spend my whole holidays at my grandparents ' country house , surrounded by green fields , forest and rivers , but when I turned eighteen my mother thought I was old enough to take a plane on my own and stay with her for a month .
The Forbidden City , one of the most famous museum in China , has opened its online version to the public , which means people can visit the Forbidden City on the Internet instead of taking a time - consuming flght to Beijing where the museum locates .
If Ms. Luhr were truly being selfish and self - interested , she would obtain greater satisfaction from greater consumption , but her statement is defying this tenet of rationality which is so important to economic reasoning .
When a very skilled player finds himself in a hostile work environment ( with talented but selfish players who are n't committed to their " team play " ) he tends to lose performance and lack good results in matches .
I love children and it would n't be annoying for me to take care of a group of little monsters and organize sports and activities for them , actually I think I would really enjoy it and my day would end up with a tired smile , but a very bright smile .
To conclude , those who ultimately felt miserable after the end of the spellbinding second season need not worry ; line of Duty writer Jed Mercurio has been commissioned by the BBC to write third and fourth series and if you haven't tried it before , you 've just about got time to catch up .
For these reasons I think I would be a suitable person for this kind of jobs , I am very open - minded and I love to take care of children because of their beautiful way of thinking and see things in a very simple and natural way .
First of all , coming to a mall will help you to deal with them , also , we have to rate positively the wide range of services you can find here : restaurants , coffee shops and some free areas to spare .
The idea of painting it white seems too boring to me and I 'm completely out of my depth with all this new stuff for ceilings in shops , but I 'm sure you 're an expert !
The Monopolistic and monopsonic features shown in GMC companies establish that the research done in this field has nothing to do either with science or with technology and even less with the global food security .
Michael could n't bring himself to enter one , too proud to admit he needed people 's company after a long year of being a single guy because he , on the spur of the moment , decided to split up with me .
Actually , I 'm one of those fans who are sad about the 11th Doctor leaving because he is my favourite one , as he was the one I experienced Doctor Who with because I started watching the TV show when he was playing the main role .
' Gravity ' is an otstanding , brilliant , sci - fi film , directed by Alfonso Cuaron , starring George Clooney and Sandra Bullock .
He felt like a character in a cartoon , with an angel on a shoulder and a devil on the other , giving him opposite pieces of advice , and exactly like such a character , he did n't know who to listen to .
The book says that the rule to follow is to vary consumption until the marginal utility for every dollar for one thing that you are consuming is the same as the marginal utility for every dollar for another thing that you are consuming .
This happens because some people is famous just because they have had an affair with a singer or a footballer , so the only thing people want to know about them is if that is true or not , and when it happened .
One of those is the movie ' Silence of the Lambs ' , where Clarice , an FBI agent in training , has been asked to talk to an imprisoned Hannibal Lecter who has information about a serial killer the FBI has been trying to catch .
That was me , I never liked studying , I never found myself in those subjects , but it was n't the big deal to me , I hated is being seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that , I knew that I 'm clever enough to study all these subjects and do well in exams so I can get high marks but they 're all did n't get that , they judged me for my marks but marks do n't form brains or thoughts , marks is n't the only way that makes you great now and then in the future .
I am pleased to recommend Dr. Oscar Montés for a teaching position at IHME and the Department of Global Health within the School of Medicine and the School of Public Health at the University of Washington .
I hold a Master 's degree in Environmental Biology and , previously , I have had the opportunity to work on international research projects that would provide me with the skills sets I need to be an effective fit in your laboratory .
Her mother was a shy woman who did not know what to do to escape from poverty and even though she had two or three jobs all the time , they did not know if they would have somewhere to sleep the next night .
Everyone was happy for some time and true peace between the countries of the world had been achieved , but then the United States enslaved Canada and tried to enslave Japan as well , but they were able to defend themselves .
So I let myself drop in the water of the pool , and as soon as I am completely submerged , all the problems , sadness and heaviness of life suddenly disappear , and that 's the most amazing emotion i could ever try .
It is estimated that 75 million to 250 million people in Africa will be exposed to water stress due to desertification induced by climate change " , states by IPCC ( as cited in Baker , 2012 , p. 20 ) .
Chichilo Negro " is a dish and you need to choose some of the three type of meat that I said , but this are accompanied by a combination of 7 different types of moles originating of oaxaca and the last dish is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
To answer this question , the first thing to consider is if young people really have sincere values , or on the contrary , if they are only simple copies of a current model of a fake society which imposes unattainable stereotypes on them .
Do n't forget that you 're always welcome to come and stay- I 'd love to see you , and we can take part in a similar event , as a volunteer , together .
Anyway , I do n't think public transport has no future , but public transport is used on different occasions from before and when you go to a place you know you wo n't be able to find a place to park and you ca n't waste time looking for where to park .
However , some just want to have some fun , after years in high school , after so many years of break ups , after so many years of eating cafeteria food , it is time to find some enjoyable time with quality friends and with mouth - watering food .
I 'm afraid to say that this soap opera does n't have a happy end and I did n't enjoy the end either , but I still recommend it because it 's a beautiful love story and the characters are really amusing and the story is funny and lovely .
My main tasks were : taking care of children aged 10 - 15 , organising events such as parties , swimming competitions , outside sports matches etc . , and overall I was in charge of preparing and cooking meals for more than 50 people .
I would recommend a job as a waitress because you do n't need much experience , and I know you do n't have any , and if you get a job in summer as a result you 'll be at the beach most of the time and you can spend the rest of the year visiting other places .
Secondly , vehicles contain many different fluids , including motor oil , antifreeze , gasoline , air - conditioning refrigerants , and brake , transmission , hydraulic and windshield - wiper fluids .
Addressing the airway management after Mr. Sharma 's admission on PACU , the first procedure that the nurse should do , is follow the A - G assessment protocol , to review the stability and the airway patency of the patient , sustaining the pulmonary ventilation to prevent hypoxemia and hypercapnia ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
During the rubber age there was no urban life around the build , which is completely different from today of course since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that have the same age of the theater and is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families are used to go to appreciate the breeze in the end of a warm day and during the night .
When the BBC finally announced who was going to play as the 12th Doctor , many fans got upset about their choice because they thought the new actor was too old and they said they did n't like it .
As a result , we often communicate and we do not exchange opinions as much as other families do . I do not consider them to be my best friends because I can not speak with them as freely as with my friends .
James Dashner 's The Maze Runner , joins The Hunger Games and Divergent as the latest futuristic Young Adult thriller to get its own film franchise .
In addition to my native language I can speak German as well as English in fact I am attending a first certificate course now and last year I spent 2 months in Berlin , my german teacher would be happy to receive your call to tell you more about my language experiences .
The icon , depicting the Mother of God with the Christ Child , known as the Black Madonna of Częstochowa was imported from Russia in 1384.And since then a lot of pilgrims has been visiting that picture .
The purpose of this report is to comment on the way people , and especially children , learn languages in my country , what foreign languages they learn and where they learn them and to recommend changes in the language - learning system .
For example , I 'm a commuter and also I need my car to pick up my daughter from the school in the afternoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't like the traffic then when I get away from the hustle and bustle of the city I usually go to my village .
I 'm not a huge fan of sports in general , but I do take pleasure in engaging in smaller scale basketball matches , most of which would probably fall into the so - called ' street ' category , or streetball to be more specific .
While the water was boiling a lot of different thoughts came into my head : " I do n't have any birthday today and there are few more months until Christmas ... What could be the reason for such a nice present wrapped in a pink paper ?
My dream house would have two floors , a big garage and , of course , a blue swimming pool bordered by a beautiful garden full of plants and trees , and with a white path from the outside door towards the porch .
Working people usually have lunch at about 13.00 and they have something simple such a pasta or a sandwich and a coffee because the break is short and they have to go back to work and need to be concentrate and do n't get asleep !
We limit the number of houses and the number of people living in those houses because more people would mean we have to clear vast expanses of land for housing which would mean a reduction in the number of trees and a deathblow to the natural balance .
My husband is so annoying , sometimes he keep talking and talking without any goal , he drops his dirty socks and clothes all over the house and always shouting for lunch , he sleeps in the middle of good movies and important subjects and snores while sleeping .. all he wants to do is too eat and sleep
The structure is pretty much the same as the pellet stove , the difference is that instead of a fan here we have a pump due to the fact that the goal of the boiler is to warm up water and send it to the heaters all over the house , so it 's nedded a pump to do that instead of just a fan ( the pourpose of a fan and a pump it 's the same : move fluid from a point A to a pont B , but in one case you have to move air and in the second case water ( they have a different density : water has 1000 times the density of air ) .
Thus , Mr. Sharma is been given O2 via Hudson mask 6L / min , because he received general anaesthesia and all of his muscles are relaxed and at the moment he do not have control over his reflexes ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
When I stopped looking for enthusiasm , fun , and excitement and started trying to fulfill my heart , brain , and body 's desires by skating , I knew for sure skating is not just a sport or a hobby .
Michael went into the teacher office , but he found that his teacher is n't here , maybe teacher went to the bathroom , suddenly , the door is opened by teacher , a teacher who wore bikini came into sight , this incident came as quite a surprise to Michael , she flirted with Michael , Michael felt excited but run out of the office , but he had regret for his action , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Since there is no chance for any distractions because of the missing digital infrastructure , any guest will experience a four - day visit the same as a four - week journey in the usual western world .
If we had stayed more time we would have been able to spend more time at the shop but anyway , I loved going there and meeting other people who also liked Doctor Who and I bought some merchandise from the shop .
I really want to meet boys and girls from different countries of the world , I 'm really interested in practicing English and I want to learn Chinese and Russian , I 'm really interested in learning languages ,
I am Ana Alicea Benavidez , a student from the Faculty of Medicine of Málaga , where a girl , who was one of your volunteer , was talking about this project the last week , she suggested we to join it .
My village has been working on this project for decades they have been fixing their techniques and they still know a day 's everything has cost us a lot of effort we started from the easiest examples ( dividing rubbish into different containers ) to some that are more complex ( renewable energy ) .
We would like to say thank you for your presence in the event , we are delighted because you chose to promote our educational program , we are pretty sure that your presence helped a lot to promote this program with the new students .
My undergraduate studies in Pharmacy at the University of Asia Pacific gave me a solid background in health care sector and chemistry , as well as strong theoretical framework , while allowing me to explore my personal interests in pharmaceutical technology .
My favourite tv shows are " Hablemos de Football " , " Sports Center " , " Fox Sport " and " The Simpsons " , all these except " The Simpsons " are about sports , mainly football , basketball and rugby .
Firstly , it was too difficult for me to hand in assessments on time , because I used to spend too much time on playing games without teachers supervision , so that I always did not have enough time for finishing academic assignments independently .
In Italy is quite hard to find a job at the moment and I want to try a work experience in the UK but it is necessary to become more confident with my English and that is what I hope to obtain from the IELTS course .
As discussed , clinical reasoning is still poorly understood and a variety of ways of articulating and conceptualizing clinical reasoning can provide richer means of understanding what is involved in clinical encounters ( Loftus , 2012 ) .
From the visit , it was concluded that even if the majority of students express satisfaction with the space , some of them wish to have more classrooms that allow a more reasonable number of students per class .
The reason I chose this book was that it is really comprehensive in showing you that different parts of the world are suffering from disasters , for instance , the Cyclone Tracy in Darwin , Australia ; the Yellow River flood in China and a devastating drought in Central America etc .
Picking myself up slowly after the numbness around my waist and hip had subsided ; I knew I had little time to apportion blame to Joe or myself .
I think nowadays is more common that people use their car for their normal activities , but the statement that there ir no future for public transportation it is not completely true , I think that a lot of people use public transportation because it is cheaper and some people do n't have enough money to buy a car .
This can lead to the loss of profits from upstream and downstream throughout the supply chain , which can produce directly negative impacts for producers , as reported by Bauman , Goemans , Pritchett and McFadden ( 2013 , p. 62 ) .
My town has got a lot of little villages around it , and it 's very difficult to create a public transport service , because there are long distances between the different places , and there are not enough people to make it profitable .
A few weeks later , Jake had to travel to the South of Italy to follow the case of immigrants reaching the coasts of Europe via sea from Africa and the Middle - East .
The research done in this field has provided new mechanisms that give the impression of being an alternative to yield the necessary amount of crops for humans , unfortunately , there is no evidence of GMC 's being completely safe for human consumption .
The cast included Anegelina Jolie as Maleficen , Elle Fanning as Princess Aurora , Sharlto Copley as King Stefan and Sam riley as Diaval .
In the Brönte sisters ' works , we can find some Gothic elements - especially in Emily 's only novel " Wuthering Heights"- and a detachment from the figure of the Victorian dutiful woman .
To cope with the problems of over - population and pollution , people need to dramatically change their lives in the next 50 years : they may , among other things , face tight birth control and environmental protection measures imposed by the government .
It 's not too late , though , to try to have our beloved TV back to the importance which radio had for our parents and grandparents , we only need to see it as a potential new social problem and start a process of control and continuous improvement , maybe giving the most virtuous networks the chance to be highlighted .
When thinking about how the lives of people will be like in the next 50 years , the first thought that comes to my mind is a person sitting lazily on a sofa that can adjust itself to his / her will .
To change the pose of the horrific statues technically , directors hide the angels by actors closing and opening the door or conceal the angels behind the actors through panning cameras horizontally , for a moment .
The function of evaluation and assessment must not only be the recognition of the results of the learning process itself , but also how this process took place , therefore we will need to use different instruments of assessment .
The book includes Feurer 's photographs for the 1974 Pirelli calendar , for Kodak and for fashion magazines such as Vogue Italia , Elle France and Nova .
Titania 's uses her magic to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) the bride bed so that Theseus and Hippolyta would have beautiful children and live a happy , married life .
For example , Japan is the world 's third largest economy after the United States and China , its economy is so developed , but food , oil , and other resources are all imported , and it put a lot of heavy industry into developing countries in order to protect its own environment .
I may have hurt some of my colleagues in a certain circumstance , and they may have hurt me too , but at the end of the day , it 's always camaraderie among us that dominates .
I recommend that a more common teaching method should be one - to - one lessons , namely teacher with only one student , as that will contribute to increasing the range of their knowledge and will be also beneficial for students who need more help in a particular subject .
If you want to see a good thriller , " Regression " will be your best option . I have seen it recently and in my opinion , it should be seen by everyone because I believe people would like it for many reasons .
That experience taught me how important it is doing whatever you are required to do - such as taking complementary courses - without rejecting it , because somehow it 'll be helpful later in the life .
I 'm looking forward to being there , I also need to take a rest and that 's the reason why I want to find a part - time and not a full - time job .
I really like the lasagna , made with a flat and long pasta with bechamel , tomatoes and meat and I love the pasta Amatriciana made with spaghetti , fresh tomatoes , bacon and a typical Roman cheese called pecorino .
I am 16 years of age and due to having a sister I really like working with children and also know their interest well . I have enjoyed and practised swimming since I was eight years old and I have also won some competition , therefore I believe that I am suitable for the job .
I explained to him it was the chance of my life given that good jobs for women are difficult to find , pay is n't the same as for men and I felt I did n't receive the status men in my company enjoyed .
I am referring to the Internet . Born in the 1970 's as a military project to interconnect the missile facilities and the central headquarters , it soon spread to universities and educational centers .
Please , feel free to get in touch with my teacher in order to obtain references for me : ( 5wYU8kZ1pS6@uniovi.es Phone : 34 123 45 67 89 , He speaks English fluently ) .
Hagia Sophia was built as a cathedral in 537 , converted to a mosque after the conquest of Istanbul , now is being used as a museum .
Honestly I think that it could be hard ( just because you haven't so much time ) but I know that sooner or later there will be a photo event ... It 's not much but you can start from it to let other people know about your talent .
Oh no , not again ... That stupid girl was completely in love with me , since last year she thinks that I like her , but she 's wrong .
At the beginning it was really difficult to me because I was a little shy with customers and I was n't used to working among noisy machinery and shouting workers , but after a while time I learned to ignore all of that !
As soon as they move in , they hear the rumors of the incident : a little girl brutally murdered her parents in the middle of the night and disappeared , and the other child of the family recently moved in there .
I had practised Ashtanga and Iyengar 's styles of yoga and Ruesi Dat Ton ( yoga of Thai hermits ) , learned different approaches during my training in India and Thailand , and my practice brought me to Classical Yoga - Correct Approach to Spine school , which way of exersising I found the safest , the most beneficial for health and scientifically grounded .
The recent focus on public transport , along with the certain technological improvements and innovations that will follow it , are going to revitalize the public transport sector and hopefully make cities more eco - friendly .
I was amazed with the atmosphere at the Coliseum , with its shiny wooden court , the noisy people around it , that sharp sound of the referees 's whistles ... Then I decided to take up the game .
I ca n't wait for them to go back to all the stages and arenas to sing , because I 'm going to their 2017 or 2018 tour no matter what , as I did back in 2012 and 2015 .
To sum up , I would highly recommend this series to anyone interested in science - fiction , but also to anyone curious about different cultures as " Sense8 " provides an unseen view into the lives of eight very different characters , their surroundings , religion , and traditions .
I was alone in the office , it was late and I had a lot of work to do and when I heard the sound of the doorbell I felt really upset because I was looking forward to going home .
The most interesting thing of ' Friends ' , in my opinion , is the love story between Ross and Rachel : the plot starts when Rachel comes to live with Monica in her apartment and Ross falls in love with her .
This experience has reminded me that although there are many advantages to using technology in the class room , it 's not always appropriate and it 's helped me to establish some equilibrium in my teaching methods .
Ana and I decided to go outside to look for Michael , when we went out , he was in front of the house , doing strange sounds , when he saw us , smile to us in a malevolent way , then made us to back inside .
The best season to enjoy this place is certainly the spring , when the weather is not too hot and there are not so many people who picnic under the trees and disturb you while you 're trying to relax !
I love the World Cup despite the fact that it being in Brazil has brought a lot of political problems , or just show us how corrupt our government can be with the huge overpriced projects , a lot of money that has been spent on unfinished stadiums , with shameful delays in their construction , etc .
The world where we live now is more suitable for young people , as many could say and prove , even though , in some countries , older people can have a decent life without depending on young people .
Secondly public transport is better for the environment than using cars because a bus has more space than a car and many people can go on a bus thus decreasing the amount of pollution and helping the enviromnent .
I 've read your letter and let me tell you that I 'm really sorry that things are not going well lately , especially because I know how much you enjoy sports and your music classes .
I 've never had any experience of this kind before , but I have a brother three years younger than me and a little cousin who 's seven years old with whom I use to play a lot when I do n't have to study .
After Michael barely calmed Marianne down , they had a mature heart - to - heart , one someone would say was way too late , but at that moment , it felt right .
AIESEC is a global , non - political , independent , not - for - profit organization run by students and recent graduates of institutions of higher education .
As you will see from my enclosed CV , I have worked the last three years as a personal assistant of a director of a well - known international company based in London while I am finishing my part - time degree in Modern Languages ( English - German ) .
van Aalst ( 2006 ) pointed out that an increase of earth mean surface temperature with approximately 0.6 degrees has been explored over the past century , with the phenomenon which has been observed that land temperature has exceeded that of seas by a quicker speed ( p.6 ) .
In addition , these personal values joined others such as courage , curiosity , imagination and the sense of adventure , are important aspects to consider and they can become very effective weapons to change the world if they are used suitably .
Steve Ramsay work in the espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D and live in Washington D.C. after the Battle of New York .
I believe that saying that there is no future for public transport given that travelling by car is so much more convenient , is premature . We need to consider a lot of factors before we can make a judgement of this kind .
I was so surprised to hear you signed up for a new interior design course because it 's such a coincidence that I 'm planning to do something with my bedroom in the near future .
Whenever you 're in a coffee shop , standing at a bus stop or taking the tube you can easily see how people are connected to each other using different sorts of electronic devices .
Shopping centres are located in the city centres , so every road trip lasts ages ( I live in a suburb ) . Thusly , when I get to the mall , I am already bent out of shape .
The Alhambra Palace was the residence of Boabdil , the last Muslim king , who was defeated in 1492 after delivering Granada to the Catholic Monarchs .
Hotel receptions and travel agencies are always ready to help their guests with a wide range of information on the city 's entertainments , exhibitions and so on .
How are you ? I 'm taking a year off and staying in London for six months so I hope you can help me if it is n't too much to ask .
As it was said before , the brief time of observation does not allow obtaining that much information about how CLIL is really implemented in a particular educational context , even so the data collected and the following conversation with the teacher , contributed to obtain an interesting picture about how Arts and Crafts is considered and carried out under CLIL umbrella .
This work entailed managing all processes and procedures to ensure quality output of all materials , campaigns , programs and quality brand representation through all web , digital and offline media .
I think that the best way to recommend this movie to anyone one is to quote from The Usual Suspects : " the best trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he did n't exist . "
Everything is fine until the end of last summer when she had some days off and made an important decision to go on a holiday trip to visit her boyfriend without any notice for him as a resault of causing completely surprises .
to : Emma Brown@ ........... co.ukDate : Thu Nov 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Europe\SeklerlandSubject : RestaurantHello Emma .
Spending too much time on the internet also has harmful effects on our family lives , because we tend to forget how important it is to spend time with those who love us .
We each have a picture of who we are and what we will / won't do in our heads , once formed our brains garner the evidence that it is a true picture and ignore evidence that suggests that it is not true .
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' Shakespeare creates a magical mood and setting by using characters , such as the fairies , and events ( such as transforming Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head ) .
Owing to this state of constant stress , many of them are bound to have alcoholism problems , drug - addiction and depression .
To sum up , because the geniuses that we have decided to recognize as such have been recognized , they argue that all the geniuses are always recognized : pure self - referential nonsense .
It was a rainy afternoon , and I had discovered the letter that ruined my life . I would never be the same again . I was at home looking out of the window , when the phone rang .
From a survey , 78% and 72% of students considered robot patients to be useful in medical emergency and risk training , whilst 63% of them thought it had a great value in training for surgical treatment .
First and foremost , though , I have to say that I am eager reader ; that being said , it may be obvious why I value space so much : I need a place to put my books in .
By releasing all episodes at once , each user can watch each chapter at their own rate and speed , devouring them all in an afternoon or only one per week .
When you get to Barajas airport you 'll have to take the subway and go to Atocha station and there you 'll have to change line and catch line three to get Sol station .
I always stay home and take care of them , I invent games for them to have fun and they also can learn with them , sometimes I take them to the sports club I work on , I 'm a swimming teacher and on my freetimes on the afternoon I 'm with them in the pool having fun , playing and teaching them to swim .
Talking about rubbish , it is very important to separate it in the following types : metal , plastic , organic , glass and cardboard in order to make the collection task easy for the dustman .
When the clock strikes 6.00 p.m. , it 's time for dinner , the only warm meal of the day as well as the heaviest meal of the day .
Let 's take me as an example , I am a 25 years old girl who is graduated from faculty of engineering and want to travel to Germany to complete my study but I am not able to do this because my family will not allow me to travel alone .
But I realise now that it 's quite late already and that I ought to sleep . I 'll write the rest to you as soon as I can ; I haven't told to the best part yet !
This restaurant is very affordable , the prices are extremely reasonable , especially if you 're a student , because there 's a special menu called " student 's menu " where you choose two ingredients for you pizza with or without French fries and a drink for about three euros .
Well , I think what this guy is trying to say is that it does n't matter if you have thousands of friends on Facebook if you do n't even know half of them .
According to the author , people " flinch from consideration of Good Friday " due to three taboos connected with this day : self - sacrifice , suffering and death .
I recommend implementing a campaign called " No more blah blah blah , it 's time to save the world " , we may not have super powers and not be " Superman , Ironman , Captain America , Batman , etc . " and we save the planet from intergalactic threat but unlike them , all together we can save the planet from an even greater threat , its total destruction due to pollution and environmental problems that we ourselves have caused .
I am therefore confident that my teaching experience , my skill in working with ESL and LD students , and my research interests all make me an excellent candidate for the assistant professor of English position at ABC College .
A few minutes later we were listening ourselves in the programme , we were so nervous but it was exciting for us , our goal in the programme was get a free ticket for the most popular electronic party in the world .
As I said , it is really important that parents can communicate with their children because they are taking care of them and they are their parents , so they have the right to communicate with them whenever they need .
When we were 12 we played in the garden with the balls and with the other boys and girls , but when we were 12 years everything changes we do n't want to play in the garden because we preferred cinema or watching TV .
My expectations were not very high , but I have to say the movie was surprisingly good , in fact it was not boring at all , and had a few big twists which took me completely by surprise .
Some issues of regional cooperation between Russia and Turkey were discussed by Irina Svistunova , the Candidate of Historical Sciences and senior researcher of the Russian Institute for Strategic Studies ( RISS ) .
If you 've been following my blog , you 'll know that I 've been on a journey of discovery and creation concerning using technology to create materials and using technology to teach .
To speed up the learning process , you need to read many comic books in the language that want to learn . I will be hard to understand everything that you read but the pictures in the comic books will help you .
As a result , I have some relevant experience for this job since I have been working for two years as summer camp instructor for a company in Scotland where I have been in charge of fifteen children aged eight years .
In contrast , agentic culture stresses the differences between individuals , along with egotism and inequality ( Zarbatany , Conley , & Pepper as cited in Okazaki , & Taylor , 2013 ) .
In their quest for the perfect seed , genetic engineers have strengthened crops that are destroying the seeds biodiversity , as stand by a research led by Greenpeace , GMC crops are threatening to human health because they present more toxic traces than non - modified crops .
It was so exciting and funny listenig to all those musicians , because some of them actually did n't have the skills to play and did n't have the charm needed to warm up the people .
At the beginning of this course , as a first year postgraduate student , I was ambitious for creating a new mechanical product or at least part of it at the end of this course by applying knowledge and skills that are provided throughout the course .
He closed the window not to hear the laughs and yells of his friends , playing soccer in the field in front of his house : " I never liked soccer , anyway " he kept telling himself , but the more he tried , the harder it get to focus on his book .
To sum up , if you want to learn English you do n't need to go abroad , you can improve your English working hard inside your own country , for example , doing exercises like listening and writing or you can meet with native people who speak English to practise with them .
The tensions in the Soviet Union came to its peak in August 1991 , while Gorbachev was on vacation in the Crimea , a group of right wing military and KGB leaders staged a coup in Moscow .
Unarmed , at attention , and protecting the memory of those who gave the ultimate sacrifice , his last moments and those who came to his assistance , exemplify the true meaning of being Canadian .
my favourite football club is Napoli , it is the heart club , for this team I feel indescribable emotions ... when I see my team , I smile in moments of joy , I cry in moments of sadness and suffering and rejoice when they score and win the game .
In recent decades , however , developments have been particularly groundbreaking , Man has been able to invent machines , which they have been put to work automation is a great help to mankind , because it significantly increases the standard of living and frees people form hard work .
Further to our phone conversation of last week , I would like first to thank you for giving me this chance to talk to you , and following up on our discussion , please note that we have been approached by the purchasing department at the hospital to give them our maximum discount to secure the deal as a lot of brokers were quoting with a very competitive price which very close to our cost .
In addition , in spite of having paid a lot , the participants were not allowed to take any materials away , and this resulted in obtaining a less effective result as the participants did n't have any materials to use to revise .
Still a bit surprised , I grabbed the box up , which proved to be no picnic , as it felt as if it had been filled with rocks .
Unlike the past , where people have little knowledge about sanitation and hygiene ; with better scientific understanding and public education , people learn to think and evaluate the quality of the water that they are drinking and using every day .
First , I thought that it was something else causing the warmth , but later on I learned that the weather was like that all the time and I just had to get used to it .
Monica works as the main chef in a restaurant situated in Manhattan , she is Rachel 's best friend since high school and she longs for a boyfriend ( she finally marries Chandler ) .
I am a Dean 's Fellow and Ph.D. candidate at XYZ University , currently revising the final chapter of my dissertation , and expecting to graduate in May 20XX .
Before taking part in this course , my concept about mechanical design was about applying either self knowledge or working as a part of a team to design mechanical products that are easy to be manufactured , durable and financial reliable .
By letting his older self go Joe changes his past , and therefore his future , leading to a series of unexpected events , and to an even more unexpected ending !
But also I told you that if you are so good in sports you might get a grant for your studies which will get worth it so I do n't know , in my opinion I would continue with the music if you are good at cause is better for your brain but also sports can relax you and make you disconnect so if I were you I would think about it and compare which of both of them you like more or makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laughed or have a good time .
So , I have yet to submit myself to some serious criticism ( well , calling my writings literature is a huge joke in itself ... anyway ) ; but yes , I would like to place my written works ( however small and few they may be)for qualitative discussions in front of people who really can identify the good and the ' not - so - good ' writing .
I may not know how to cook the usual food from the cafe , but I am a fast learner . I will only need one day to get used to the food and learn how to practise at home , and then it 's up to me find a way to be good at it .
Princess Sophie used to escape so she could meet with Michael , until one day , when she was just about to meet Michael to confess him all the truth about who she really was , a guards discovered her and the King commanded to lock her up in her room .
I am one of the fortunate people who was born on the technological era , which means that I have had access to computers , gps and mobiles , for example , since I was a little child .
Having used public transport for so many years , as I 've lived in a big city since I was just a child , I do n't think public transport will disappear .
That is actually a mistake , because the schools who best prepare students to working life are technical institutes , who emphasize the real world applications of the studied subjects through laboratories and industry experiences .
I am writing to you because I would like to book my holiday from 0:00 a.m on Wednesday 26 August to 12:00 p.m. on Friday 04 September .
I play hockey almost every day and I love it . I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half so I was not as good as everybody else but that did not stop me .
Since then I have attended a course for the preparation of the CAE exam , and spent two weeks in Ireland during the Summer working as a babysitter , so I have had experience working with children .
English is also my favorite language since I was a child , I started studying it at the age of three with a really nice teacher named Helen and I continued improving my English watching American movies and TV shows during the past few years .
Following this , all types of service providers focus on customer retention as a source of growth ( Amdocs Market Insight & Strategy , 2011 ) .
Because I want him to be my daughter's / son 's dad , and to share an apartment with him , so we can buy our first Christmas tree as a couple with a real engagement , and spend every holiday , birthday , day , minute with him by my side .
I 'm very happy to hear that you have chosen to come to my country ! I 'm sure you 'll love it because you had a great time the last time you came .
Leo is a kind of popular boy at school as he invents special spells and shows them to his schoolmates , but everything he knows change when he 's invited to the house of Marcus , who is his partner at school .
The leaders of Russia , Ukraine and Belarus formally announced the dissolution of the Soviet Union on Dec 8 , 1991 and agreed to establish a " Commonwealth of Independent States " instead .
On the other hand , the most important advantage of studying abroad would be precisely , the exposure , which would help you understand the language from native speakers ' point of view and be aware of how some expressions or words are actually used .
In the morning everyone goes to their job by car but I think that the real reason to do this is that we need to do a lot of things durind the day and with public transport we spend more time than doing the same with our own vehicle .
I am keen on sports , especially volleyball , which I started playing at an early age , and I suppose I would be able to teach them how to play it and to organise a tournament .
To summarize my points , I personally think that Shakespeare presented magic in the play by using thoughts such as transformations , spells , potions and aspects that do n't exist in the human world .
AIESEC does not discriminate on the basis of race , colour , gender , sexual orientation , creed , religion , national , ethnic or social origin .
A small cinema , a library , games rooms , a TV - room with an enormous flat screen TV where teenagers usually watch football matches , a basic gym , and a little arena .
Anyway , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism , which mixes comedy and pathos , while the Brontë sisters ' realism is plenty of Romantic and Gothic elements and it 's widely influenced by the desolate English Moors , where they grew up .
Therefore , even though a car is more convenient and more comfortable than any form of public transport , it is also less economical than the latter which leaves people with no other choice than to use public transport .
For this reason , I think that every day we are continuously surrounded by with information , news , advertising so that we do n't have enough time to think what is really important and what we really need in our life and we can all be influenced very easily .
The way self - sacrifice is seen has changed enormously - we no longer want to sacrifice ourselves , because it 's unpopular and it is in contradiction with the idea of consumerism .
The stories of Stephanie and Ali in Rust and Bones , and Pat and Tiffany in the Silverlinings Playbook all began with their lives going through life - altering events .
All in all , even despite the fact that making friends can be a struggle ( they need our time and efforts ) , they give us support and love and improve our mood when we need it most .
Honestly , they lasted for 3 hours but the most impressive of all this is that they were able to create a single world between me and the screen for all that time .
Students usually find it very inspiring and engaging to discuss this issue because it is very difficult to give a clear - cut answer and so , it makes the process of discussion very exciting .
" This was an incentive for Jack to go out , he was sure that destiny had rewarded him with this blessing because he had eaten ten hot dogs in a row , although he felt a bit sick after , he knew it was worth the try .
Firstly it is stated that alcohol lead to weight gain , because it has more calories per gram than any other drink , and it is mentioned in the passage that you need to walk a mile to lose calories of glass of wine .
That 's the reason why more people prefer to spend more time stuck in traffic listening to songs instead of waiting a long time to take a bus which is usually crowded .
Many feel influential government jobs should be reserved for those who are older and have more experience , while others feel the criterion for these positions should be capability , namely whomever is most able to carry out the job .
From the early nomad tribes , to the first human settlements , then to villages and cities to the formation of civilization , man has never stood still for too long .
I already know that it could be tough , especially to be far from my family and my girlfriend , but it is something that I feel could be right for me , and for my career .
When I looked at the mirror , my face was spotted with red spots and it kind of turned purple , when I looked at my hands and my arms , it was all red from my fingers when I was scratching them , and the parts that were n't red , they were spotted like my face .
A new era was created , it was the most brutal time period in the history of mankind , it was known as many things most people named it " The Japan Era " , but it was so brutal that the official name was " The Dark Yellow Era "
However , teachers run the risk of losing their responsibility there , and students can lose their educational way looking at the phones as a way of entertainment instead of as a way to make education enjoyable and effective , as you say in one of your paragraphs : " The Richardson decision is a sound alternative to students secretively using their phones under their desk " .
Bond , Morton and Braakhuis ( 2012 ) also argue that nitrate is considered a potent vasodilator .
Being awarded the " Private Equity Awards : Debt Firm of the Year 2013 " by Financial News has further confirmed my desire to work for this leading asset manager .
I think it 's so effective : having a long walk on the green hills that surround my town , breathing deeply , enjoying the perfume of nature and the wonderful sights and colours of flowers and trees , it 's the best for me to clear my mind .
Well , all your suggestions sound good to me , however , I would probably choose climbing because not only is it an extreme sport but it is also an exciting activity I would like to try .
I am very good in cooking as well , so I think I can be helpful in the kitchen also . I am confident that My profile makes me very suitable candidate for the summer camp .
At the same time this raises the concern of whether technology has a good or bad influence on our society , is the use of technology destroying face - to - face interaction and communication between people ?
I have been working in several camps during the last year for this reason I have some relevant experience in this area , in addition I am doing a degree in teaching at the University of London , and during the last quarter I have been in charge of a group of six children in activities related to sports and cooking .
Why is it that whenever Ina Garten , Ana Olson or Nigella Dawson is on , I tend to stop everything that I 'm doing and just get fixated on the TV ?
All in all , I would say the bypass would be more of a disadvantage than advantage , because it would cut us off from people and the town would receive less funding if it 's less important .
A few minutes later , his good next - door neighbour came by to help him to calm down and to collect the art weapons left over by the graffiti vandals .
I wish to apply for the Assistants & management support for the " Asset Allocation & Macro Research " ( AA&MR ) position as I believe it is in perfect alignment with my skills and professional experience .
Rachel has always been daddy 's little girl but , when she brakes her engagement at the beginning of the soap opera , she loses all her money and has to work as a waitress in a cafe ( though she gets a job related to fashion world after a few years ) .
If you are lucky enough to visit this wonderful place in summer I recommend you attend the Granada International festival of Music and Dance which is celebrated in Genelalife 's gardens where you can enjoy amazing artists and orquestras in an unrivalled setting .
Apart from that , I strongly believe that technology can be incorporated in the classroom , but teachers and schools are the ones who have to control this activity so that it can be positive both for students and teachers in order to make the learning process more motivating and effective .
Although there are many people who suggest that public transport is no longer a suitable option because cars are considered a more convenient option to transport , there are more benefits using public transport than travelling by car , such as reduction of traffic , saving money , and decreasing of pollution .
There ale lots of things to visit in Sicily and the most important cities are : Palermo , Messima , Siracusa , Noto , Ragusa , Trapani , Agrigento ..
A lifter who fails to complete at least one successful snatch and one successful clean and jerk also fails to total , and therefore receives an " incomplete " entry for the competition .
I know you are under a lot of pressure because of your final exams and I can really understand how you are feeling right now , buried in a mountain of books and notes , with no free time for other things or just relax .
Anyway , , those tribes would not even need or want an education or a world language because it is their way of life to live in groups together with the nature and disturbing these cultural groups would simply be unnecessary .
Boris Yeltsin has gained international acclaim when he occupied the Russian White House and faced down the threats of the coup 's leaders .
The normal response to this conclusion is , as I and many people who gave up learning a language simply because fluency is out of reach if you do n't have this time available , is the loss of motivation .
The teacher will understand the student 's difficulties better ; s / he will know the level of assimilation of the different kinds of contents and be able to modify future programme planning .
If you do , I would also like to be sent the accommodation details , if possible , to the following address : 62Dssy7@gmail.com .
Oh , I had to finish something for work , so I 'll be late tonight . Do n't wait up ' he said and hung up .
Michenstain was a very tiny city that was one bad thing for them ; the other bad thing was that in the city , there was a monster called " Monsteration " .
Then , I asked them why he was n't with them and they told me : " We are on our tour in America and were singing at our concert in New York City .
The idea of brotherhood is present also in " I Wandered Lonely as a Cloud " by Wordsworth because he sees nature , daffodils in this case , as a friend to men .
If someone depends on you and s / he is constantly paying attention to you and being , in a colloquial way , a " brown nose " , you notice and become aware of it quickly .
I also left yoghurt and frozen food for you to prepare in the oven or microwave , this way you wo n't have to worry on going back home to have lunch before going to work .
Government authorities told people to stay calm and a curfew was established , but Peter was on the camping holiday with his best friends and only heard this when they met another group of people that , fortunately , had a radio .
In an age where career progression may lead us into new environments and sectors it is ever more important to challenge our sense of self and explore whether you can create ' a new you ' by changing the beliefs you hold about yourself and the world in order to develop and expand your career options .
Moreover , it creates a colossal economic damage when the drought occurs : lives are lost , people and animals are forced to move to a new place , resources become unsustainable or even extinct ( Bergholt , 2012 , p. 148 ) .
And the longer you stay in a place different from what you are accustomed to , the more opportunities you have to really understand what makes people behave a certain way , what they really like and dislike and how their community works .
Being placed in a project team working for Sydney Water about producing a maintenance excellent standard , I started to read the course outline and lecture notes more carefully to find out where to start and what I should do to deliver a good outcome .
In other words , no matter what kind of performance it is , the only thing that matters is using all your abilities to model yourself on your hero , get the feel of their role .
Lots of people showed up , everybody had fun and the best thing in the musical experience is that you can make friends with famous people and those who you admire and only see on TV .
Stalkers , pedophiles , human traffickers , murderers and other criminals ; these are just a small part of the threats you can come across on Facebook .
Lastly , I would like that my curtains were red , given that is my favourite colour ; however , I would use maroon , which is quite similar , for the curtains because it is more sober and , consequently , more suitable for my room .
For example , my pupils had to learn the difference between this and that and I let them make a short film about pointing at things in school saying : this door , that window , this is my teacher , that is a chair .
It 's not so hard to find sights to see in such a big city like Moscow , but when you have a wide variety of museums , parks , clubs , you will try to visit only best ones .
Sailing is all about cooperation , and to really enjoy it one needs to do it regularly , to be able get to know the crew and find the most suitable role on the deck .
Recently I read two articles , they were called ' predicting dyslexia - even before children learn to read ( Zimmerman , 2014 ) ' and ' Innovative ' Intervention helps babies at high risk of autism ( Geggel & Writer , 2015 ) ' .
There is only one auditorium so I was busy just between the shows and sometimes , for family shows , there was a 15 minutes break in the middle of the show , for the kids to use the toilet or buy more snacks and drinks .
Personally I am not able to find anything exciting in hanging around extremely high supermarket shelves and pushing heavy trolley . Crowd in every corner , awful and unpleasant lights and the necessity to run from one end of the market to another , because these shops are organised in the way , which forces you to see everything , in order to find what you really need .
Having a healthy lifestyle is one of the most important things for our health , because it reduces the chances of getting sick and it gives you the energy and concentration you need .
I never realized that a furkid would enrich my life until I met Casino , a smart , patient and handsome Golden Retriever raised by my wife 's family .
As well as woodland in the north - west being remodelled into an adventure park , a hotel and golf course have replaced a historic house and gardens in the centre of the town .
Writing the play : first , you may ask learners to invent profiles and to tell you about their characters ; second , learners can write the basic outline of the play or you can adapt a familiar story .
Actually , in his honor I had a Flamengo shield tattooed on my back on the left side because there was n't a better way to pay homage to him than a Flamengo tattoo .
This automatic , efficient , quick , precise technology reduces the amount of labor needed , saves waste initially caused by human errors , saves time and produce at better quality too .
In the future I really want my grandchildren to be happy that is all I ask for . I may be young but I think I do n't see myself living on earth in the next 50 years i mean dream does not hurt .
Secondly , I 'd like the college to be located not too far from accommodation if possible . I would n't like to spend too much time on public transport every day .
Cheerfulness is in my nature and I am used to working hard . I would be happy to support the USA Summer Camps team in every aspect .
It has been observed , for example , that increasing the number of cars varied between 7 and 10 percent per year in Jordan and this situation is similar to what happens in other Arab countries , and despite the investments in roads and infrastructure in the last few decades , the performance of this sector remains weak as a result of congestion severe urban centers and poor air quality in many cities , land degradation and high rates of emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
All in all though some may oppose my opinion , it is clear that classes with open discussion and almost no lecture are preferable because interaction with other student will broaden your mind and you become a better speaker and thinker .
Also , Extremadura has many towns and cities with an impressive ancient neighbourhood , for instance , Cáceres , Mérida , Trujillo , Guadalupe , Alcántara ...
To summarize , I would like to say that even thought we are incapable to remain on friendly terms with everyone we should know that the process of socializing is one of the factors what makes us human and we should always embrace it .
Check out how ordinary people , just like you and me , live each and every day , share their grief and problems , join them with their happy moments , get involved in their lives and be passionate and compassionate .
Sitting in any table you have a wonderful view of the workshop - like kitchen where you can see the chefs working , so you can see how they make the food that you will eat .
The movie is set in the United States around the 1990 's , so we could say the film is technically modern , though I 'm sure that in some years it will be considered a classic .
Furthermore , there are certain forms of transportation , such as trains , that do not travel to the suburbs , so people either have to walk long distances to reach the nearest stop or be dependent on one form of public transport to catch another which can be a great source of stress if there is ever a delay .
It was 8:00 o'clock in the morning that Saturday in L.A. , and suddenly an urgent message appeared in the TV news and in all the radio channels .
The boat is a very beautiful way to travel , but I 'm sure when I travel by boat in the future , I 'll feel anxiety because I 'll be surrounded by water .
Scientology proves how the acquisition of widespread knowledge hasn't stopped the birth of new religions , however , ironically , it has made the philosophies of life more dramatic with the mysterious complexities of technology .
No , it is not rational because according to the economic theory , you should spend your money on those goods which yield the maximum utility per dollar .
As a student of these classes , especially , of English ; I realized that , although the classes were important , a systematic language practice was essential for reaching an advanced level and , moreover , for maintaining it .
I know this is going to be your first visit to Russia and it 's really great ! I 'll give you information about two ways of getting to my place without significant expenses .
The purpose of this report is to propose the best places for visiting and to show the wide range of existing facilities which can be used by young people who are going to make a trip to my area .
" It 's the end of the world , and I have to spend it with you ? " he whispered , the night had already fallen and they did n't want any unwanted visitors .
The first year I went to a tournament in Torreon and I win the first place , during the first 3 years I was ranking in the first 10 places of Mexico , but then I had to reduce my practices because I had a problem with my knees .
He always writes gentle words , uses cute smileys , Facebook kisses and hugs , but when I ask him in what way he loves me , he answers " as a Christian " .
The thing nowadays is , if you disconnect from all of the things we have , people make fun of you and say that you are old or just do n't know how to deal with the modern world .
For example , maybe you have a personal situation , that is very important to you , but you do not want your family know about it , so you decide to tell your best friend , because you know she wo n't tell anybody .
When I try to create in dreams , the home of the future the first thing , which I have in mind is new technology . in my opinion , homes in the future have to be different , this is connected with our society and development .
my parents names are Jan - Erik and Jessika , I have one older sister and one older brother , they are twins and they are 22 years old and their names are Kevin and Tilde , I have two dogs Ebba and Leia . old .
From an overall perspective it is notable a higher amount of illiterate women in all the regions compared with men , who are in some cases the half part of the total of women in each region .
The responsibility of the educational institutions is to make sure that he / she wo n't be in danger in the swimming pool instead of dissuading him / her from getting close to the water .
I do n't know which of them you like more but I am sure that you like one more than the other , so if you want to be a basketball player do n't give up with it .
It should make a lot of tasks easier and more efficient but , apart from that , I do n't expect it to have a deep impact on our lives , considering other aspects that will certainly overcome this one .
Although it is kind of hard for young people who finished school finally , to understand that it 's definitely not finish yet , education do n't stops from then on and it is one of the most important things to continue going to school .
The second thing I learnt was that we have to change the way of fishing because the fishermen kill a lot of aquatic animals , like dolphins or sea turtles , that they do n't want to kill .
In my opinion people 's lives will change dramatically in 50 years or so , because the world is changing all the time , and we have a lot of technology and things to do .
As a result , I am well prepared to collaborate with interdisciplinary teams as well as to be effective in independent work when I am required to use my own initiative to complete a task or solve a problem .
I 'm going to kill two birds with one stone - my blog will help me to collect my memories and master my English The third bird will be my hatred to writing .
Selling tickets , snacks and drinks , cleaning the place after and before the shows , so work itself was n't the exciting part .
Many young students who have finished their secondary education wonder whether they should take a year off before they make the most important decision about which university course they find suitable for their future .
when he come she start crying and thought he would break up with her and she did not give him a chance to talk or explain anything she started to cry louder and accused him of cheating that make michael astonished how she did not trust in him , how she thought that about him and he told her that he can not stand that anymore he would break up with her and he left .Michael close the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake
The first text asserts that file sharing benefits new artists and offers listeners a wide choice of styles , despite the fact it is believed that file sharing is detrimental for the music industry .
The building was initially planned as the Federal Legislative Palace during the regime of Porfirio Díaz , because the society was governed and supported for the president .
On the other hand , you love playing piano and , in my opinion , you wo n't be able to keep it up if you give up music classes , as you do n't have any instruments at home .
We have chosen these three songs because they all deal with the same topic of breaking - up , but they describe this topic from different points of view , even though the three songs are performed by female singers .
In both novels the writers also dealt with the mistreatment of children in workhouses ( " David Copperfield " ) and Boarding Schools ( " Jane Eyre " ) .
First of all , as far as special friendships are concerned , I must say that I am not a person who makes friends easily , consequently I do not have a large circle of friends .
Having a native speaker will give students maximum exposure to the language , while at the same time a focus on rules will give them the tools for self - correction and self - study .
There are different number of residents in different states , but it uses the states to represent the residents . I do not think the election is fair enough for the US to ask for " real democracy " for Hong Kong .
You do n't have to worry about getting to my house , because it 's really simple , and I 'm helping you making it even more simple by picking you up at the train station of my town .
Lastly , I could consider also putting on a standard lamp near my reading armchair , but I would need to actually set up and use my dream bedroom to see if it is really worth it .
The " Campo de Marte " sports centre in Lima is the perfect place for young people who are keen on sports and for the ones who would like to take up a sport .
Fortunately the most outstanding scientists will solve the energy crisis and will find ways to create new lands for living , to clean air for breathing , and to purify water and food for supply .
Ms. Luhr 's dissatisfaction from her current status in our society must come from her failure to vary her consumption of a variety of material goods .
On the other hand , the taxi did n't even have air conditioning , so I spent the two hours of the journey trying to fan myself with a magazine I borrowed from the driver .
Community service orders should be used when people have acted unintentionally and when they have conceded a minor offence , as this will help them realize their mistakes , without them being limited in freedom by being sent to prison .
By attending the first three lectures , I soon realized that my general concept about mechanical design is quite simple as my thoughts about mechanical design is purely just creating new products .
Just next to the desk , I would put on a small wardrobe ; given that there would have additional drawers under the bed to keep some clothes , a large wardrobe might not be needed .
I think other people will like it as much as I did , because it is a very interesting and exciting story about true love that lives through time and space , and about real friendship and loyalty .
When Olquin said that the situation and the environment define the correct tone of speech ( 1995 ) , he was talking about the African American Communication , but he is also describing the Brazilian communication at the same time .
Getting there , she knocked on the door .... Michael open the door and Mia ask if he has a cup of water to give him and he says way he would give a cup of water to an old people .
A must - see if , like me , you enjoy cinema with strong female characters on the lead roles , but you do not necessarily want to watch another dramatic story .
To sum up , at the end of week three , my expectation for this course are to be able to apply my reflective thinking in any further design process , to be able to deliver a persuasive technical presentation , to be effective in verbal communication skills and presentation skill .
What emerged from the discussion we had in class , is that plenty of students spend their free time watching useless reality or TV shows , procrastinating instead of studying for school .
all of the answer was " you have to listen and read so you can write and speak well " I said okay I have to depend on myself , I began to join groups on facebook where I found some of the people shared their knowledge with others , I followed them immediately .
Passing this attitude on to their children , they wo n't be able to save money for emergencies and deal with it reasonably , which is a necessity in order to survive .
Young people do not drink coffee : they prefer to drink Coke while eating junk food , which is cheaper and tastier than pastasciutta .
All this will help people to live easily , but only to have more time to work , because the type of mind that reign that time will focus in the companies and make money and spend it , this is the reason why a lot of jobs are changing to a home office and the firms are giving more and more facilities to their employees to be more efficient .
Some days before we had decided to organize an excursion to a nature trail nearby as soon as we arrived at the railway stop , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us that we had been walking for three hours along a path , Suddenly , our surroundings appeared to be far wilder than it had been before so we stopped trekking and we had a look at our map .
He loves my family , my friends , my mistakes , my beauty , all myself from head to toe , and the most important thing , he loves me with all his heart .
If you are getting tired from wandering through all the streets and alleys , you can always go and have a pleasant drink in one of the many little cafés at the market square .
Surprisingly enough , sparks fly when spirited Elizabeth Bennet ( Keira Knightley ) meets single , rich , and proud Mr. Darcy ( Matthew Macfadyen ) .
I am glad to tell you that it was awesome and I hope that I will be able to do something like that again . I am convinced that it was one of the best days in my life .
My name is Seraina Fennstermacher , I live in Switzerland at the moment , although I grew up in the U.S. I have two children myself , and I always liked working with children .
There should be a working network for providing suitable jobs and standard of living to those , of course , who are looking to work and contribute to society , and do not simply expect to lay on the back of a more economically developed countries .
Having said that , we just need to remember to be aware of what we want to receive from TV while we are choosing a program to watch and be happy with our choices !
As quickly as I could , I managed to get myself to the nearest leafless tree that I could find where I leaned my back against it to try to gain whatever support I could muster with the little energy that I had left in my body .
With my experience as a teaching assistant I can easily handle young kids and keep them busy in learning . I am follow a lot of sports channels in TV during my free time and that helps me in setting up the rules for the sports activities and ensure they are organized well .
All I expect in a film is the way they establish connections between the actors and the audience , in a way that allows them to play with the characters like if they were puppets and to create a coherent and attractive film .
Thousands would lose their jobs , both directly in the car factories and indirectly in many other car - related businesses , like car part stores , petrol stations , garages , and so on .
Although in the lecture it is admitted that international competition can cause problems to local businesses , mentioned in the article , he claims that it is worth competing with global corporations , because this way survived local companies may get stronger than ever .
In many parts of the world football evokes great passions and plays an important role in the life of individual fans , local communities , and even nations ; it is therefore often claimed to be the most popular sport in the world .
One day he went out with couples of friends , they went to a night club called " Miami beach".They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful girl and she could n't take her eyes of him , so he decided to go and talk to her .
Big cities such as Hanoi or New Delhi witness a growth in juvenile delinquency which mostly stems from rural and underdeveloped areas .
The first time practicing Muay Thai was 5 years ago , at that time I was n't sure of practicing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most of the young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't practise Muay Thai and is not known .
I used to live with them for 25 years a Genoa but last year I left home because I found a job in Milan , which is the city where I actually live now .
We are really happy to inform you that we are going to organize some events in the next three months and we would like to invite you as a public figure to discuss more details about the campaign .
As you will see from my attached C.V. , I have been working as a Junior Chef for the last two years assisting all the chefs in the different areas of the kitchen .
The wind is often strong and cold , and it blows off hats and tousles the hair in such a way that it ca n't be combed any more .
I 'm interested in philosophy as well ; I enjoy writing essays about psychological or philosophical subjects , so every now and then I write an essay in my free time .
For this the first think I 'd like to do when I 'll arrive is to visit the country , I want to do this during the first month , every day I want to enjoy myself visiting new places !
She was very kind and she was smiling all the time , he offered her a drink and late in the night they went to her house where they spend the night together .
Second , alcohol can cause some serious health issues , especially cirrhosis of the liver , heart failure , brain damage and variety of cancers .
Like I previously said , Kętrzyn is a rather small town , so there is only one old movie theatre and it 's closed for most the time .
You do n't know how ashamed I feel now , not only for you because you helped me to get the tickets ( and I can imagine how difficult it must have been ) but also because you have already arranged everything to make my stay in London as comfortable and enjoyable as possible .
Work in the Cafe will also allow me to meet people from the neighborhood , which is very important for me right now , since I just moved in .
But , unfortunately , the new gadgets can be very difficult to manage or master , especially for the part of the population who did not learn about them while they were children or students at the university ( older people ) .
Our plan is to go to Birmingham with my cousin Daniel who has been living there for 3 years and to stay with him just the time we need until we can find a job and a place to spend there tree months because we must return in October .
He was absent - minded all the time , he did not listen to her and when she asked him a question , he just shrugged his shoulders or wrinkled his nose .
Being with all my friends , even sweating and bleeding with them , really made us bond as a group of hard - working young men I know will succeed in life .
Going to the UK has been a dream of mine but going to Cornwall , however , might be a little of an escapade during the winter , considering that I 'm only used to the relatively hot Egyptian weather .
If you want to know more about Dutch eating habits , just write to me , and I 'll write back , giving you any other information you might need .
Mia survive but she is in a coma and she have to decide if she wants to live without her mother and father or if she wants to die .
I was just about to go to bed when I suddenly heard the phone and I got scared because I was alone at home , and I thought that it could be serious news .
Most of us probably haven't heard of ' oxlips ' ( 2:2:250 ) and ' woodbine'(2:2:251 ) .
The company told Louis that they did n't want to bother him , but that they were interested in investing in this kind of projects , because it was related to the purpose of the company : exploring .
But the same as I thought you 'd never love me for much long time , if you could ever do it , I always thought that Nastaran would be the girl of my life , if there were any .
If you have any concern related to the library budget and the approval of purchase requests , please contact Ms. Clare O'Riley , Senior Library Manager .
I was hoping that my father can teach me to drive the car but was not possibly because we went to Albrook Mall to eat and my father did n't want to return to Causeway Amador to teach me drive .
At the northern end of the square you will find the State History Museum with its huge collection of artefacts charting Russia 's past right back to the stone age .
The Colombian high - jumper presented in Mexico the one that will be the last stage of this series which is promoted by an energy drink in the Natural Well Ik Kil , in the Mexican state of Yucatán .
It was perfect and he would be glad just to improve some things , to change the structure , to exclude unnecessary facts , to add some bright illustrations and so on .
Secondly , I have been studying English for six years . I am good at reading and grammar , but I am conscious that I need to practise my speaking .
If you are travelling in your car , it gives you flexibility to choose any way to reach your destination , you can make any number of stoppage , and even stop for your favorite ice cream .
From what evolved as a comradeship between 2 people based on acquaintance , mutual interest and companionship it has moved forth to relationships where people have not even met one another physically .
When I am tired , stressed , depressed , frustrating , sick of the passing fancies or fake friends , there is just one thing that is able to make me feel better and snap out of it : this is , of course , swimming .
At present , I have three kinds of birds , one of them is yellow canary , the second one is finch , and the third one is combination of two kinds of birds , Each bird has his own special voice .
I think we should readjust the rhythm of change in order to be able to reinterpret , in a positive sense , Lampedusa words " everything must change so that everything can stay the same " .
Besides being in charge with organizing his younger sister 's surprise birthday party he had also been put in charge with the entire Information Technology department of the company he worked for .
I consider that something should be done in order to balance pros and cons of having mobile phones present at schools because , firstly , students are the ones who must be present and , what is more , their learning process also must be there .
She did n't see Michael coming either because she had just come out of a Starbuck 's coffee shop right at the corner and was putting her purse back into her massive handbag .
Hello i 'm Arnau and I am twelve years old , I live in Manresa ( Catalonia ) , I am very hardworking in the highschool and I 'm funny and very talkative and I 'm not freaky .
Due to an unsuccessful surgery he had on his leg , he is addicted to painkillers which he makes several attempts to detox from motivated by his only friend Dr. Wilson , but he never really wants to so he gets addicted again .
For example , in some cultures , Brazilians can be considered rude by women because they like to keep a constant eye contact , and for these women this means a lack of respect or invasion of privacy .
Well , to start with , I 'd like to attend an intensive English course ; you know I 'm fond of foreign languages and keen on learning English as much as I can .
Lombok , Sumbawa , Sulawesi and Irian Jaya islands have very beautiful beaches as well .
Although parents teach a lot of things in our life , because they do n't have professional training and we may not agree with them and learn more from them , I think parents are not the best teachers in our life .
In all over the world people always need advices to keep looking after their environments .First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students by tips that should help us to make our environment clean .Second , they should make awareness campaigns about environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste papre basket which helping workers to recycling it easily .Finally , to stay healthy we need a healthy environment .
i do n't know my name .i do n't know my age all i know about that i want to be a great woman , i want the world to hear my voice , to prove that i can do it i can do any thing i am not weak i have woman power
The first one is basically based on a true story of the main character , a financial broker , who is acted by the famous Hollywood actor Leonardo di Caprio and on how he become rich by breaking the rules and speculating on the stock exchange market .
Sandrine realized modeling was a dangerous job , because it can make you change your mind about your own body and diets , and you could easily become ill without even knowing it .
90% of the Americans wants to be a basketball star , with the dream of playing with Lebron James , Pau Gasol , Marc Gasol ...
However I can write these ideas in my own native language and that 's why I 'm thinking that one day I should be able to write those ideas in English as well .
First of all , the professor says that the majority of Italian teachers are not well prepared to do their work and , consequently , students do n't achieve the skills they should to success in a future work , but I do n't agree with this statement .
The one who is in the back position will try their hard to block the opponent teammates from scoring while those who play in the attacking position will make up their strategy in order to score .
We share the floor with another school and it has a different timetable and the bell rings 10 minutes before and it makes me confused but I really like 4B and I would n't change it .
The Internet , on the other side , has became more and more popular not only for entertainment but also for business and today is almost impossible to find an activity in which the Internet does n't play a major role .
In my opinion , parents should be concerned for their family 's comfort and should motivate their children to do sport , be in contact with a lot of people and avoid eating fast food .
Quite understandable , because Jennifer had the most beautiful , big blue eyes as well as thick blonde hair , a magnificent smile and an outstanding shape .
This essay has discussed three alleviation strategies with the potential to resolve the problem of water scarcity , including the use of recycled water and ocean water and international aid .
The majority of patients that has had a general anaesthetic , as Mr. Sharma , must recover in a PACU ( Post Anaesthesia Care Unit ) to monitor the vital signs , specially the airways management due to the anaesthesia , impeding any postoperative complication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
Usually I get 12 PLN per hour ( yeah , I know , It 's like 2,50 pounds , but here it 's quite good ) but sometimes I get some extra money for staying after hours or when I do something unusual to help .
Now I have lived in Badajoz for ten years , We moved here to go to the beach every day , I like the beach and the sun , especially in summer When the sun is in the sky .
Mithen 's ( 2010 ) researches show that most ancient civilizations inaugurated themselves near water resources and successful civilizations were dependent upon delicate systems of water transport .
I 've always loved to watch soccer , since I was a little kid , because my father was a great fan of the biggest team in Brazil , Flamengo .
I like to be in Thailand because it 's nice and warm and the people there are very nice , I also like the food . I do nt like homework but I do nt forget it , I am good to tease my little sister and I am proud of it .
There are different types of extreme sports , for example , rock climbing , rafting , scuba diving , surfing , snowboarding , parachuting , hang - gliding , bungee jumping etc .
Stepping through the crisp autumn leaves , Alison could hear them crackling and crunching under her feet , filling the night with sounds from the past .
Most of them do n't have air conditioning , meaning that in the summer they are tremendously hot , and some have problems with the windows that cause the bus to be extremely cold in winter .
In the city there are many fashion shops where you can get the most trendy clothes . You must be aware that maybe you will spend more money than expected , but if you are a shopaholic , it will woth it .
Considering all the above , I can not agree with the statement that persuading students not to pursue field of study in which they have less possibility to be successful is the responsibility of the educational institutions .
Shakespeare also uses the idea of magic in his conversations with other characters for example : when Titania speaks to Oberon in 2:1:60 - 145 , she mentions nature many times .
Second , if you ca n't control your shopping habits , you will buy more and more things you do n't need , so that you can have a problem with your budget .
We are going to compare the lyrics from the following three songs : Miley Cyrus ' Wrecking Ball ; Anastasia 's Left Outside Alone ; and Taylor Swift 's Back to December .
Therefore , I would choose to lengthen the process of travelling , and a comfortable voyage on the sea would certainly become my first choice , since it guarantees a long and pleasant travelling experience .
It 's no secret that there has been a decline in the use of transport such as taxis ever since cars became more affordable and your common Joe became capable of sustaining one , two or more per family , however , does that really mean that the future of public transport like buses is hopeless ?
The internet has caused me depression once , I felt really alone and I used to be someone who I was n't in the real life , but I learned how to deal with it .
I enjoyed every aspect of the experience : the people , the music , the atmosphere , ... When I first arrived at that building , I could not find the entrance .
But they do n't care about this and continue with there work , often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generation and made some people to change the way look the city but often some most people do n't care about what they trying to say and sometimes these people are scold .
After the summary is to certify that travelling by train is the most advantageous , but the most important reason why I chose journey by train a fact that I have a motion sickness , and I 'm afraid to fly .
This is a result of the decreasing price of cars due to innovation in the car industry , which enabled more and more people to buy a car ( and use it ) .
The scorch trials is one of the best films and thriller that I have ever seen , it is so exited all the thing that they do to survive in the outside world with all those people that are infected with a virus and the reason why they put them in the glade for them to be inmune if some sick person bite them .
I do n't know how she took the plate from the centre of the table and put it in front of her , but she had started to eat it , without asking anyone .
The haste that results from this process does n't allow parents to think over some potentially harmful myths that they take for reality , regardless that it may compromise their kid 's motivation and self - confidence , all because of their " is talent innate or can it be acquired ? " .
The problem is David 's shift ends at 14:00 , so he wo n't be with you in the evening , when we usually lock up at 20:00 .
Meanwhile , wild animals which take forests and wetlands as their habitas will lose their homes and find it difficult to survive in jungles of concrete . Endangered animals will be harder to be found after the destruction of their homelands .
The pie chart shows the principal causes which justify why agricultural lands became less productive , whereas the table correlates these causes with three different regions of the world which had land degraded , namely North America , Europe and Oceania , during the 1990s .
While some people argue that bad human nature is the reason , it is undeniable that social problems and indigence are responsible for the proliferation of wrongdoings .
Other than myself , I have had few people reading what I have written ; very few , I must say ; maybe only 2 or 3 ; and they were not critics or experts .
But then again what good is a useless piece of paper ? " he panicked , putting the box on the night stand he did n't even understand the passing of time !
There 's no special advice to give to somebody who wants to start this activity : if you aim doing something good for your health and for your mind , just wear comfortable clothes , put your pair of trainers on , choose the most inspiring place and just go and enjoy any minute of it .
The future of public transport in developed countries is very different , because most people have a car , in the people who live in poor countries , most people take public transport , because people does n't have a car and is cheaper take public transport , the pollution of public transport is huge and is growing third world countries should have , eco friendly transport .
After I have accepted that , I will begin to push all their flaws aside , because their flaws will only make me fall in love with them even more .
As a result in Australia , conflicts may be caused due to the high level of indulgence and individualism in Australian culture ( Hofstede 1994 ) , people may usually emphasize in their self - satisfaction and think of themselves first instead of the public .
After the first trials , however , improvements are shortly noticed and the results come quickly : better breathing , uninterrupted and quiet sleep , and an unmistakable sense of well - being .
I am not used to cook to this number of people but I am a hard worker and I am a fast learner , so I am certain that I will be in a great help for you this summer .
People who have just done their work are very hungry ; they can not go to home and cook their diet meals by themselves but their bodies need to be provided energy in order to sustain their lives and continue their jobs , so junk food is considered the best way to solve the hunger .
Last year a group of little kids came to university and we had to taught them several games and outdoor activities - thanks to this project , I am able to organise entertaining sports and activities .
Indonesian people are famous with their friendliness , so you could start a conversation with them to ask anything about Indonesia ; they will answer your questions with pleasure .
As I am planning to move to Ireland within several months , I have considered DHL as the best choice for me in order to continue my professional and personal development in the best way .
When we watch a football game everybody is expecting that at any time someone will score a goal or do some jink that gets us excited and that 's the magic of the football .
On the other hand , it is obvious that people want to know everything they can about celebrities they like or admire and journalists give them the opportunity to find out some information about their lives , but they often cross the line and literally deprive these famous people of private life .
To sum up , I think that means of transport in the future will make our life easier , both when we have to go to work or to school and when we want to travel .
Snacks , fast food , fried food and sweets are part of young people 's life as they can find them everywhere : in the shops on the street , at parties and in shopping malls .
Thus came the question of what I was going to do next , but I was n't ready to make that descission back then so with agreement of my parents I decided to take a gap - year .
In contrast do a sport is very important because we can make new friends or we can start to take responsibility but the most important thing is that we are always active e our body can get good results .
Becouse of that , sometimes I feel free to ask them what I want and depending on the way they receive my comments I can just let them do the task I asked them without keeping on watching them .
As time goes by , Milla learns how to identify people 's body gestures , as she becomes more confident with her new ability , her life come slowly back to normal , but not for too long , for she becomes suspicious the murderer can be closer then she would ever expect .
In addition to this , I really like sharing tapas dishes with people , drinking a good fresh " draft beer " and going for a " tapas crawl " with friends as in Switzerland each one gets its own dish when eating out and only go for a " pub crawl " .
To begin with I would like to tell you that I am really interested in the course because I think it would provide me some professional advantages have in my career as a school teacher .
For example , young government workers in Canada successfully pushed to increase HIV understanding and dispel stigmas attached to the disease in the 1980s , a development that encouraged tolerance and reduced irrational fear .
For example , if I want to marry in the future , I have to be able to send my kids to a decent school and provide them with what they want . not to mention wedding party expenses .
Such a standardised educational system for every single person on the world would therefore not only benefit the communication or existing businesses but also help third - world countries to start companies , trade and industrialise their countries so they can take care of themselves and emerge out of poverty .
Most of these , in fact , have very predictable plots , are full of cliches and since it 's so easy to figure out how they will end , they are usually very boring .
I 'm 24 years old , so I belong to the previous generation , when family , school and life in general worked in a different way , from my point of view .
In conclusion , being famous is really difficult and frustrating as well , but in contrast , they earn a lot of money and they are loved by so many people though they have to accept some critics because not everybody has to love them .
For everyone who would like to start this sport is important to remember that you are alone with yourself and must have the power to improve the time you 'll stay out and never give up .
With the tender age of 18 and coping with his eccentric social code and all the possible courage , Patrick moves from his mother 's house to a rented flat in Cardiff to pursue his greatest dream , work in the Anatomy Department at Cardiff University .
All in all , if you want to read about an effective research with very strong proposals , I recommend reading ' predicting dyslexia - even before children learn to read ' .
Hello James!I had already read your email and I 'm going to try to give you some advice . I know you love doing sports , in special golf , and it helps you a lot to be in shape , but , do you really have to do it ?
I am a cheerful , energetic and hardworking person , and I am also a very responsible person , able to deal with small and medium groups of children , and for this reason I consider myself as suitable for the potition advertised .
Later , the USA government affirms they do not want to conquer Cuba , but they demand Spain to sign an armistice with Cubans .
She 's been talking to him plaintively to put him to sleep , reading him the same old tatty paperback book with one fairy tale only .
But before retreating , if he touches anyone among them and leaves their field without getting caught , then The raider gets a point and the person who was touched by the raider is dead(Out ) .
The plot is about a teenage girl who moves in with her mother to their dream house , which was next to a home where a horrible double homicide had taken place in .
But you can also have a " horrible " day at the races : if you 're not savvy enough to know the differences between the bets , you can end up skint , penniless .
Do you know " The Flying Dutchman " ? I consider him as the Dutch Superman of 2013 , since he has won some important sports competitions .
As for me , even if travelling by car is so much more convenient , most people will always travel by a train , railway , bus and other types of public transport .
Above all , it 's a significant step to make a good design , in which background colour , artwork and security are the main considerations .
The plot revolves around Vianne Rocher , a single mother and chocolate expert , opening a ' chocolaterie ' right before Lent in a small , close - minded French village , the mayor of which decides to boycott her .
Our staff worked hard to relocate our guests as soon as possible in nearby hotels and at our Paraíso Complex , in order for them to continue enjoying their holidays .
I had also auditioned , only because my best friends pushed me very hard , and I was 100% sure that I would n't even get a small role in the play .
If you are interested in taking part in this sport , I would suggested to buy all the equipment you will need : a comfortable swimsuit , goggles and a huge bag to keep them .
The aim of this proposal is to present suggestions regarding the ways in which the extra funding could be used if the benefit of the students and , indirectly , in the benefit of the local community .
If you are wealthy , or you come from a family where your father can provide you with most of the things you want , I suggest going to college straight away will be a good idea .
It seems that checking the Subject , as an interpersonal element in the clause , can provide evidence of my student - writers ' self - presentation and involvement in the discourse constructed in their blogs .
I 've been learning English for four years and my level is " upper intermediate " , but I think I lack confidence in speaking and I should be more natural .
This might be because they have strong obligations to family , might need to look after someone or might simply not have marketable skills to find a livelihood somewhere else .
If you have a car you would probably think that travelling by car is better than by bus , but there are a lot of people who does n't have a car so they are used to go by bus and for them this way of travelling has become more conveniet because they have done it since they were children .
The book is also very readable , not only introducing the disastrous effects of disasters but simply gives us an overview of handling natural disasters , so anyone can get to know the geographical phenomenon .
A week later , he found that Marianne was cheating on him with a European businessman he did n't have the mind to remember the name of .
In general , this supposition is not regarded as true for many people in our culture since Brazilians believe that constant eye contact is one of the most important points to maintain a good dialog .
It 's a long trip but it does n't matter because I 've good friends there and I want to spend some time with my grandparents , David and Gema .
Parks in the north - east and south - east have been reduced to make way for larger housing estates the one in the north dramatically increasing accommodation in Eastminister .
Therefore , this experience opens you up to different ways of viewing the world which may alter the rest of your life .In addition , it gives your children a much better understanding of other culture when they attend international schools .
Therefore , in the last few years there has been a great improvement in raising awareness and commitment among an increasingly larger sector of the population as far as the selective collection of household refuse is concerned .
An event started at 7 p.m. but all the volunteers who had signed a contract had to work from 8 a.m. Everything has to be perfect during such events so we had no time to relax or even eat a decent meal !
It tells the story of a beautiful woman , played by the always stunning and talented actress Milla Jovovich , who is pulled off a bridge by a mysterious serial killer .
I do n't know what exactly happens but in every World Cup the atmosphere changes , everybody gets happier , Mc Donalds launches the tastiest hamburgers , people go out to watch games with friends in bars or they meet in somebody 's house .
Celine realised that Michael is not that bad and maybe those rumors she heard before were only rumors and they only wanted to destroy Michael 's reputation .
With Germany and Austria being our neighbours and thus business partners to many Czech companies , German is the second most popular foreign language spoken , followed by Russian , French , Italian and Spanish .
Other places that I would recommend are : the towns of the South of Andalucia which have clean beaches , cold water and a good leisure with many restaurants , shops , parks , zoos , aquatic parks ...
In my work as a research assistant for Dr. Montés , I experienced great learning in many fields , not only in Public Health topics but also in research methodology , public speaking , and writing .
Instead of creating some online lessons for this wonderful group , I have taken the opportunity to create some new printable materials to hand out in class .
After searching and asking , I found Germany has numerous prestigious technical universities , and it offers great study atmosphere for foreign students and supports them in many ways .
A few meters ahead i saw a blinding light and i realized that i was nt alone because i could hear the sound of the music and people talking .
We are sorry for the time it took to relocate you , the least we could do was to offer you an upgraded room at Paraiso Mar y Beach .
When I asked him , if he had read a book The Little Prince by Exupéry because I am feeling like a fox , he asked me in an offended manner , if I know Larry , the comedian .
If you plan to play this game you definitely should be an outstanding athlete . You should understand " pros " and " cons " of every move you make on the field .
This company has the intention of setting up some training courses for staff so I came up with the idea of having a course that concentrates on company morale .
Since you are coming in summer , you should visit Sharm or Hurghada for some sea activities like swimming , diving and snorkeling .
At that point his work become very hard and stressful because at that time Ferrari was n't a very good car in fact that car was only able to go fast in a straight circuits .
Long wooden tables , which would be perfectly suitable for a class our size , are placed in the middle of the dining room .
On the other hand , living abroad you 'll need to speak English all the time and you 'll have the opportunity to learn English in a short time , and in a not boring way .
After all , a couple of professions might become extinct , for example translators , but , therefore , the organisation and execution of this big project would provide a range of other jobs which can make up for the ones lost .
The Education Authority believes that social problems are linked with a decrease in participation in extra- curricular activities and it suggests that the college should use extra funding to solve this issue .
I would be suitable for the job advertised because I am extrovert , easygoing , hardworking , thoughtful , and love children and practising outdoor activities such as camping , fishing and cooking , I also enjoy teaching children new skills and helping them to develop their self - confidence .
Viña del Mar is a wonderful city on the west coast of Central Chile and boasts a number of shopping facilities and different sorts of attractions for tourists of all ages .
But the passion is not only when you are playing football , you can increment your passion supporting a team in the good times and the bad times , going to the stadium , and when your team reach the glory , you can also feel that , and in this moments you are the happiest person in the world .
About one third of the rest would claim they listen mainly to pop folk , whereas the rest would be interested in R&B , soul and jazz .
The summer that year had been exceptionally warm , and Michael had found himself wondering if there were better ways to spend it than preparing for his University entrance test .
Let 's see .... 6 and a quarter hours of school plus an extra 30 minutes for homework ..... that is 6 and three quarters hours on the computer .
If you are dying of hunger you can have a quick snack at Teremok cafe or have a square meal at the restaurant # 57 , which on the the third floor of the Gum .
I 'm 23 years old and love to cook and I also love to be outdoors and play sports with the kids , I love organizing activities for children and actually playing with them , I 'm always cheerful and in a great mood , I do n't smoke or Drink , I have a good level of english speaking and I 've always been hardworking and energetic
Anyway - if someone asked me for advice about basketball , I would say : do n't give up if you are n't the best player on the world . I 'm also not .
It is so difficult to choose three best dishes of the place but these three are some of the best typical food of Mexico : the " Cochinita Pibil " , " Chichilo Negro " and " Carne Enchipoclada " .
That situation is another example of how reading is an excellent brain 's exercise , because when people have to imagine things , the brain has to be creative , and that kind of process is too important to improve yourself in problem 's resolution and creation of important ideas in real life .
Well , you should know that bodily strength is very important in this kind of sports but is not the most important thing , mental strength is also important ; a mix of both strengths are necessary , remember the body does what the mind commands .
Time was ticking by and he knew that if he did n't do it now he would be in deep trouble , that his social life would be over .
However , for learning mathematics , students need to listen carefully in the class and find some rules to solve questions . Instead of rote learning , they should remember different types of formulas by practicing in a mass of examples .
This post will be the first of three on the topic of the Present Simple tense , it contains a printable infographic covering the basics of the Present Simple and two printable worksheets .
The most important thing that you have to think when you start to play this sport is that it is a game and you should improve your level fast because it is an easy sport .
' All that echoes ' , by Josh Groban , is the sixth studio album of this American singer and songwriter .
Furthermore , schools should offer a year in industry for students in the last two years , which would not only teach them a lot more than school only would , but it would also attract more people to the school itself .
My favorite restaurant is " La Piazza " in Djurholm and it is of course Italian , I have actually been in Italy twice , in Rome and Florence and in a small town named Lucignano in the countryside .
They do n't know exactly what they should do , what to change - buy a new pair of shoes or maybe do something more - move to a different city or even to a foreign country .
With my relevant coursework , lab experience , committed and adaptable attitude , I am confident of excelling in this position . I would welcome the opportunity to join your team and put my skills to work for your Laboratory .
On top of that , taking a bus wo n't necessarily mean that you will save time because both buses and cars wo n't be able to move in the rush hour .
As stress and challenging work triggers exhaustion in many such as myself , I prefer curling up with a good book and enjoying a nice cup of coffee on holidays rather than generating any level of discomfort .
one of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel for go for them and take them again to the Cruel building and like all of them does n't wanna go with them they start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decide to go after them and he give a super great speech for all the persons go with them and help him to get back Mihno , and what i really want to see in the next film is that if Thomas is mad at Teresa ( i never like her ) and if they get free and the world comes back to the normal world .
I remember we got there the first of October on a Saturday night , and I will never forget the rush of warmth I felt as soon as I stepped out of the plane .
That 's strange but before the start my thoughts as if an old steam locomotive are going to those depths of memory which really hard to get to in ordinary life .
I particularly enjoy the sense of freedom that it gives me : there 's nothing better than being out on the water with only the sound of the waves , and of the wind on the sails .
Whether movies and TV programs made in our own country are more interesting than movies and programs made in other countries has been widely discussed .
It has been a long time since I watched a thriller , but I do remember that I watched The Hunger Games part 1 , and I recommend all the Hunger Games films .
Starting from F3 , I learnt Korean and I attained level 5 in TOPIK ( Test of Proficiency in Korean ) .
On the other hand , they are still normal peolple , who have families , partners and friends and they sometimes want to have a few private minutes , without cameras , media , newspapers , flashes and spotlights .
I bought shoes , clothes and GPS watch , I told myself : now it is a challenge , I must defeat myself .The first day is so painful , I was tired to die when I just ran nearly 3 km , but things becomes better and better , and now I could run 10 km .
For me , people have become very lazy and they prefer the car rather than puiblic transport , because you can take the car when you want and go where you want whotout spending hours waiting for the bus .
Therefore , most of this famous people complain of this but it is logical that all the media , television , radio and journalists are constanlty devoting every minute of the day to them because people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doing every second , in knowing with whom they are , in knowing what they like or do n't like , their hobbies , in short , in knowing everything about them .
I 'm certainly not the only one watching this amazing series . I ca n't call it a soap opera because it 's so much more than that .
The educational system would also provide a valuable basis for the world of politics so conflicts might be prevented due to the lost language barrier with its vulnerability and risks of misunderstandings .
My name is Mariangeles and I am going to show you one of the most magnificent places of Extremadura , Monterrubio de la Serena .
In conclusion , from my point of view , if you are in your own town or city , you use your car more often than when you are visiting another country and seeing the sights .
I think it depends on the situation , on the other hand , your sister or brother , can be one of your best Friends , you can tell them important things , but ask them not to tell your parents .
To sum up , I believe that if you want to be mentally and physically fit - try to do some sport and exercise . Also do not worry if you are not so good at it , just keep doing it and enjoy yourself .
In other ways I 'll talk about Benzema , he is my friend for many years ago but I 'm not sure if he is with me or with the others guys so I want to listen to their version of the story so he is here to talk about that .
While the fire was spreading all over the bedroom , I woke up and Matxi was unconscious because there was a lot of smoke in the bedroom .
I was working in a very small country and my office was isolated , so I did n't have any contact with other people and my job started to get boring .
Well there is my opinion I will ask some friend about and I will try to write you another letter in a few days to help you more , also if you have another problem , do n't forget to ask me for help please , I will help you in all you want .
First , it is difficult to navigate the current website version . We could move the search bar closer to the top in order to make it easier to find .
The first one is to catch an express bus from the airport to the metro station " Yuzhnaya " and then to change a bus for another one going to my town where I can meet you at the bus station .
One student said that she could n't see well , another student complained that the writing was too small , another felt she was getting too hot from the projector .
However if you are still very stressed , then you might drop one of them , I certainly do n't know which one you should drop , I think I would drop the music lessons , because sports are good for your physical and mental health , and also help you to be fit and it 's more interesting for me ; but maybe a list with the pros and cons of sports and music lessons can help you .
When it 's sunny , I love it even more if possible : the warm hug of the sun makes me feel loved , cuddled and so grateful for that .
It may not be your cup of tea , but I think it 's the most interesting and beautiful place in our town . I 'm looking forward to see you !
Enclosed I also send the reference letters written by the director and supervisor of the Talent Proof Association , where I worked with children , in order to support my social skills and crisis management competence .
I know you 're looking for interesting place to visit so I want to offer you place where you can rest , have a lot of fun and spend great time with your group .
Those operating at senior levels within a country 's military , for example , require field experience to prevent disastrous decisions that could cause the needless loss of life .
The truth was that he had n't rested since his graduation day and he was starting to feel tired , but he also knew that he could n't afford to fail .
I love holidays and summer , the season I like best because of a lot of things : In summer I always go to the mountains , in my grandparents ' house , where I get fun with my uncles and cousins .
Finally , a special mention goes for Joe Kraemer 's superbly thrilling score , just a masterclass of old - school , kickass orchestral action music .
The princess was a little scared of talking to someone she did n't know , because she never got to talk to anyone before , but still she answer him with a big smile - You are excused , my name is Sophie.- It truly was love at first sight .
This method also has its benefits , not least logistically speaking , since many students do n't have access to native speakers or are not able to travel abroad .
Furthermore , I have improved my skills in molecular , biochemical , bioinformatics and microscopic techniques , and I also would like to point up my high motivation to develop expertise in stem cells and pharmaceutical research .
The snack bar is our reward at the end of all our sweating , but I must apologize that sometimes we leave this place because of its long waiting times .
I think one of my favorites sports of all is the atletism I love it because it is a sport where you prove yourself , you have to be every day better than you where yesterday , it force you to improve every time , also is an exercise that help all your body , especially the legs because it gives them great strength , but also your hands because they have to be in a constant movement , and all the body in general because you run and your metabolism is accommodated and help you to have coordination .
My name is Stelios I am a 15 year old kid and am sending this letter to apply for the job at USA SUMMER CAMPS.I believe that I am suitable for the job and I hope that you 'll agree .
I kept praying to God to give me the inner strength to carry on although I was fully aware of my own self - imposed exile from church services the last two years .
Then , I was wondering if food , accommodation and expenses are covered by you , or do you give any kind of help to your employees ? I will appreciate a lot to send me this information .
I saw a policeman who was my friend and he explained to me that a man had been killed by someone and he allowed me to go into the room and see the scene of the crime .
The aforementioned representative examples of Vienna and Copenhagen prove how easy it can be to remove cars from our lives , and I believe that more cities should follow their examples .
It is worth mentioning that we never know the impact that scientific research and harvesting techniques are going to have over our lives , but the fate of those improvements depends on the application that humans give them .
The floor was very dirty and I could not even go out because all the people who wanted to buy our furniture were standing near our door .
For example , in Dickens ' " David Copperfield " and Charlotte Brönte 's " Jane Eyre " , the story is told by their respective protagonists who remember their own past experiences .
We generally use the word " stress " when we feel that everything seems to have become too much - we are overloaded and wonder whether we really can cope with the pressures placed upon us .
Unfortunately , only a limited number of people are willing to leave their comfort zone for the sake of the community , thus making pollution by dint of heavy traffic a remaining and inextricable problem of our society .
Anyways , mom gave me a medicine(I do n't know what it is ) , and a cream for my arms and hands because they were turning blue .
This first success as a researcher contributed to my interest in global regulation of trade , that conduces me to this LLM and the international business transactions domain .
However , we consider a friend that person you can have fun with , laugh and meet . I 'm use to do that with my parents and my brothers but it 's not the same as when I meet my best friends .
The same is valid for business life : if employees are available all the time , they take the worries of the daily business with them to their home which means a lot of stress .
I like those sports because you need much strength and dedication to be getting better , I like kung fu weapons and handsfree forms , to do something spectacular in kung fu you have to do acrobatic gymnastics .
The legend says that all the maps of the world are hidden into the temple protected by a guardian called Soneka the dreamer , he is an ancient warrior and his objective is to kill everyone who tries to steal the maps of the cartographer .
Although several causes for this problem can be found in the modernisation of our society , this modern society can also provide solutions for the amelioration of the level of fitness of young people .
The house would n't be located in the city centre because of the traffic and the parking spots , but it would n't be situated too far from downtown .
I really recommend this movie , but if you plan watching it with your family , I do have to tell you that there is a lot of blood and killing in the film .
First , to travel by boat is a very relaxing and carefree experience , compared to being confined to a very narrow and limited little space on the seat of a plane .
After few minutes , Sarah was chatting happily on the cellphone and did n't see there was a tree in front of her , so she bumped into the tree and hurt her head .
The group 's native language is Amharit ; they have all had to learn Hebrew , so English is a third or for some of them a fourth language .
On the other hand , studying a new language can be a bit daunting at first and you 'll have to keep on track on a daily basis if you want to improve your language skills .
The exceptional play that we saw yesterday features all the iconic characters adapted to some extent adapted to the present time , such as , the White Rabbit , Mad Hatter , the blue caterpillar or the Queen of Hearts .
Public transport has its advantages : we can say that a lower cost , less pollution and more free time and rest for doing anything else during the trip could be public transport 's main positive points .
Finally , I think that the best change will be in our lifestyle , We will change our clothes , thinking and other things , We will be more dependent and we need more things for our day to day .
I am writing to provide you with some background information so you can better judge my scholarship for the MA in Business Administration ( see attached form and résumé ) .
Gay marriage and reproductive rights are not recognized by the Costa Rican and most Latin governments , all because of the set of beliefs of a percentage of their community .
The first 24 hours of post surgery , is considered the most critical period , because the patient can present , primarily , lung disorders , and the nurse need to maintain the cardio - respiratory stability ( Popov & Peniche , 2009 ) .
I 'd fancy living in a family and not in a college or in a shared flat as it will give me the opportunity to be continuously in touch with English people , day and night ; then , it is the ideal solution for me : you know I 've been recently given the sack !
During the last decades , the number of cars used in big cities has increased steadily . Proportionally , air pollution and deaths associated to traffic accidents have also augmented .
At present , I am working for Cafe Noir , a well - known restaurant popular with visitors , many of whom have told me that if such a ban were introduced , they would would not enter into restaurants and instead , they would meet friends at home .
I found it very exciting because it shows a pre - revolutionary era when Jean Valjean is sent to work as a slave for stealing a small piece of bread .
" I am thinking about retirement since 2007 . I have been lucky because I injured , I got better " , said Duque during the press conference of the World Series that this year will end up in Mexico on 17th and 18th October , after the competition of Bilbao ( Spain ) .
The purpose of this report is to consider how my town takes care of the environment and to explain what kind of recommendations and improvements you can make if you live in Madrid .
He tried in his mind to go back to that moment , when his lips were getting closer to Jane , to that last look before the embrace , to the previous smile .
I am really hardworking and love kids , I used to babysit for my neighbour 's kids , so looking after kids will be easy for me .
After all a successful career is best measured in how satisfying you find it , and it 's easier to develop strengths and skills than to actually have to learn to find something interesting .
Mackinley ask for the arbitration of the Pope León XII in the conflict and Spain reclaims North Americans to get out of Cuban beaches in order to show their desire to put an end to the conflict .
In contrast , some people think that the computer is just one more invention in the history of humanity , and although they accept that is an important invention and changes the world , they prefer to say that exist inventions more important than the computer that nowadays we still use .
Second , critical thinking which is the deep thinking about the problem and the way to solve it , is an important factor of successful research .
Princess Sophie grew up , she was so unhappy because she could n't do anything , she was condemned to live in a room of the castle until someone could find the cure for her cursed .
Two groups of participants were asked to do suture - tying task and a secondary task with distraction , such as decision - making , memory - task .
Stem cells are undifferentiated biological cells that can differentiate into specialized cells and divide to produce more stem cells .
In most Latin American countries , millenary practices such as silversmithing , not only keep the region in touch with its heritage , but they have become the sole source of income for many communities .
Due to globalization there are more and more multinational companies that require employees who can speak at least fluent English but if a candidate knows more languages he can have more career chances and achieve top level positions .
One of Slovenia 's qualified somnelliers will help you choose from the good wine cellar , so this is the place where I recommend our class can relax , eat , drink well & enjoy the happy atmosphere .
In big cities , the air is very polluted because there are too many cars . Travelling by public transport lowers the impact on the environment , something that most people are aware of , but still they prefer to use their own vehicle .
However , the biggest strength of the mobile phone is also the biggest risk in my opinion : being connected all the time creates a lot of stress for people , as you are always available for everyone .
The people I interviewed are very keen on reality shows like " Big Brother " and similar but I have to say that many of them are also interested in cooking shows and documentaries .
If you want to start practising some sport , first of all think about how much time you are willing to spend on it , then try once and if you are having a good time go ahead and do the most of your time enjoying sport , nevertheless , be careful and go slowly because you might be injured .
The plot is about six young people ( they 're about 26 ) : Ross , Rachel , Monica , Chandler , Joey & Phoebe .
Professionals are continuing to develop a better vehicle to make it eco - friendly , and there are still many people rely on public transport .
I understand , they are rich , their lives might seem interesting , even more interesting than ours , but they are not so different , they are not better than us , ordinary people .
No , none of these things would have prepared me for the relief I would feel after waiting 4 hours in the emergency room that her pains were probably only intercostal muscle pains and the test for something more serious were all negative .
To put it in a nutshell we could say that our global world will be more electronical , and there will be more gadgets , but that wo nt change our lives dramatically .
Second , I feel comfortable when I travel by my own car . I hate to travel by public transport because it is sometimes too crowded and noisy .
I was too fat , too much fat .. I looked at my health booklet one month ago , and I saw that I have been overweight since I 'm four years old .
If those who run public transportation systems hope to make them greener in the future , they 'll have to come with solutions that are both energy efficient and effective .
If you want to know more and learn to practice this sport , we recommend attending a specialized school , there are many good and not so expensive , where you can count with the support of a qualified instructor who will give you the confidence to start .
For example , in the electro - pneumatic control training course , the operator must wear face mask when the machine is on to protect from hitting by the tube with high pressure air , likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the machine after you are fully prepared with a face mask .
My name is Anna , I am a very cheerful person and I have a creative personality so I enjoy planning activities or organise sport events in a special and colorful way .
For instance , there are many studies by various bodies in the US show that more and more teenagers are spending most of their time in front of TV or computer playing video games , they hardly perform any sort of physical activity and also indulge in fast food .
However , in some countries , public transportation is a nightmare because it has not been maintained by the governments properly , this is one of the main reasons which had led people to use personal vehicles rather than relying on public transportation .
I respond to the article " White House calls for ' genuine choice ' in Hong Kong elections after petition attracts 200,000 signatures " on SCMP .
Using new vehicles , travelling can be more comfortable and easier .Everyone in this world would have a better life .I am really happy when I simply see a new bus with air conditioner or anything which can make travling enjoyable .
With regard to the weather , I went in March , and it was a little cool for my taste and it rained , so if I were you , I would go a few months later .
To quote an example , the prime minister of India recently launched a new channel called DD KISAN - the first television channel dedicated to farmers in India .
Needless to say , the actors are sublime and they give their touch to their role , especially Maggie Smith , which is one of my favourite actress .
I 'm a very extroverted guy , with experience taking care of children as I 've been working as a skiing trainer for 2 years now , this winter it will be the third .
when they were in the hospital because Fernanda foodbone , they gave her some chicken soup with a ladle , so she could drinker easily , she started feeling much better so they decided her mom and Daniela to leave Fernanda on their house so she could get some rest and so she could ate more chicken soup , because they want Fernanda to feel better .
Working in the kitchen does not seem so bad either , because I know that everything depends on our attitude and if I have a positive attitude I 'll have a good time no matter if I 'm doing a fun activity or cleaning dishes .
I 'm talking about Gorgonzola cheese , which tastes really strong and is n't very nice because it has a blue mould inside .
Teachers should n't talk about their subjects without caring if their students are really listening to what they 're saying or not , and they should n't let them study just because they must .
However I believe that it is at home that I contribute most to saving natural resources ; we are , obviously , very careful with turning off the taps as we wash our hands , brush our teeth and so on , and we recycle as much as possible .
So , although the life of secret agents may seem fascinating and exciting , it is also difficult and risky and not so simple as the one shown in films .
While the fact that those buildings are not seen as worthy of preservation is an important factor , demolition is more frequently caused by a lack of public funds .
My name is Lorin and I am 13 years old . I live in Djursholm at Riddarvägen 42 , close to a field .
After a while , the group expanded , and we used to go around the town , Yanbu , to search for great edges and rails to slide on .
In the first place , it seems to me that it is really important , both for children and parents to communicate in order to organize their lives taking into account the changing schedules .
Following the above argument , this is the danger of spend hours and hours surfing the web and not being in real world enjoying the live .
The information below evaluates the chief measures taken against pollution and environmental damage as well as the population 's interest and involvement in an optimum preservation of the area .
She was a very kind and intelligent woman , and Michael was sure that she was going to be a perfect boss and they will work very easily together .
Even if it is true that many citizens use public transport when their finances are tight , it is also true that most of those same people would use their private cars instead if given the chance .
Amount of tradition and legend nowadays somewhat refers its context , such as Homer 's " Odyssey " , the flood mentioned in the Bible , and especially Mesopotamian civilization .
As your enter the place you are welcomed by magnificent setting , a lot of photographs of restaurant 's story and you have a wonderful view of the kitchen where you can see the chefs working so you can see the quality of the food .
While Jack was there , he heard Brad talking with Max about their new plan , it was related to a gigantic weapon that would shoot toxic wastes at New York city , so in that way , everybody would become a zombie .
We found a club , 3 big pools , sports fields and , of course , the amazing beach , though we could n't see much of it because it was really dark at night .
It goes without saying , we would like to provide the best we can for the development of our children - Tsz Yin and Tsz Huan .
With her sweet face , pale skin , and great acting , she looks perfect as a confused and brave girl who has to save that " wonderful " world .
Yes , we are willing to spend more in the name of convenience . We 'd rather pay a hefty price for gas than be inconvenienced in a public transport .
According to Ferguson et all ( 2013 ) , dietary nitrate ( NO3- ) supplementation , via its reduction to nitrite ( NO2- ) and subsequent conversion to nitric oxide ( NO ) , reduces blood pressure .
This is what , in my opinion , must be changed in schools to satisfy the society necessities and overcome the old and inappropriate " out - of - date " system .
The favorite game for my brothers is called " coca boom " , with this game I showed them what is the chemistry , we cough a " Coke " and " Mentos " sweets then I put the " Mentos " into the " Coke " and I taught what happens when you mixed two substances .
Muay Thai is a complete sport , you use arms , legs , elbows , knees , feet and more , that means you have to do a big effort .
Statistically speaking , car accidents are much more frequent than plane crashes or train accidents , so public transport is not only cheaper sometimes , but it 's also safer and faster .
Although I write and speak English in an advanced proficiency level , this exchange would provide the fluency I need in academic grounds and interpersonal communication , as all of the most relevant papers , research and journals are written in English , I want to achieve this level to make it easier to write and produce good material for the scientific community , and to communicate better with all cultures .
A recent research shows us why there is always an increasing number of children who are getting used to spend most of their afternoons in front of the television , not to miss a new cartoon nor a well - known film : they seem like they are unaware of the existence of documentaries , news and all the other educative programmes which today televisions are plenty of .
We got there at five o'clock , we had not yet reached many people , so take the opportunity to give the gift that was a washing machine the finished clothing to reach the store , and apparently they were in need of a new , as the bride loved .
The shots of Las Vegas , New Orleans , Paris and New York are wonderful , and the fact that nothing is computerized at the time to witness the magic tricks it absolutely amazing .
As I have said , I have been learning English by the sheer pleasure of it ; but , having come this far , I think it is time to get some kind of formal recognition about my level .
I am a suitable person for the job because I used to work with children of all ages , but I prefer to play with kids between 8 and 12 years old , also I am always trying to improve different activities therefore avoid getting bored , and I do not mind working in other areas of the camp .
I am writing to apply for the position of assistant professor of English with an emphasis in nineteenth - century American literature that you advertised in the February 20XX MLA Job Information List .
I always do exercise , in the morning I like to running on the beach , at the evening I like to go to the gym and at night I love to swim in my own swimming pool .
The baby 's inborn capacity of imitation and regulation of visual and auditive stimulation , is gradually patterned and this is supported by the mother 's empathetic response .
As he got near his destination the density of students seemed to grow and it was becoming even more difficult for him to advance in that sea of moving bodies .
In sum , although there are some dissenting views , one can still safely come to the conclusion that foreign films and TV programs are more interesting than domestic movies and TV programs .
2- If you believe that doing exercises worsens your condition , then that is another myth because frozen shoulder occurs to people who stop or decrease using their shoulder joint for a long time .
Being busy and spending time looking for clothes , presents , souvenirs , furniture or healthcare products especially for women may be a perfect way of spending even all day .
In a short time , I became so good , and some of my friends changed from aggressive to slalom skating just by seeing me practicing .
When employees face any problems or difficulties in work , it must be referred to the theory that explain this phenomenon , without knowing this theory employees ca n't overcome these difficulties , for instance , engineering science seems practical , but each part of engineering science is based on theories .
When you are visiting Lancaster you can discover many historic sights such as the Castle and Priory , the Judges Lodgings or the Ashton Memorial which overlooks the city .
To make one , just whisk some eggs and sugar , add some milk and a few drops of vanilla and then pour onto a greased cake pan and bake .
If you want to start practicising this sport you have to get fit and run a lot because you got to have a good physical condition to play because it is a very demanding sport .
Well , there can be some pretty girls among the passengers for sure , but it 's far too often that you will have to sit near some stinky bum .
Tom 's role was to conduct a focus group once per week to explore the people 's experience and perception about their illness and the service given to them at the rehabilitation center .
If you require any further information , please contact me at + 34 622 22 22 22 or rTD6hJ@gmail.com .
The star I admired most in football is Edson Arantes do Nascimento , nicknamed Pelé , is a former Brazilian football player and thought by many to be the finest player of all time .
I admire them because no matter what their managers make them go through , they always find the way to show us how much they love each other and how much they want to be free .
Vivo city in Harbourfront and shopping street on Orchard road are good she you want to buy anything from mid - range to the high - end goods .
The noise continued so he decided to see what was happening , As he turned the corner he found himself looking at a puma that was badly injured .
A survey was carried out in the most populated Italian cities and 2000 citizens were interviewed on 22nd October to quantify their interest in such segment of the national TV schedule with the following results :
Seeing a Da Vinci 's portrait or a landscape painting , it is immediately possible to appreciate the beauty of colours or the accuracy of shapes and the expressions of the subjects painted .
I think I 'm an energetic person , that likes all the types of sports and activities but the most important thing is that I love kids and playing with them makes me really happy .
Besides this , we often visit our neighbouring towns and educate them on the issues of global warming , the threat to ecological balance etc . , and guide them on how to protect our environment .
I love to do many things like sleeping , going dancing with my friends , going to the beach , cinema , shopping center , running and I love the fashion very much like the shoes , make up , bags and clothes .
Worried , he opened it and read , in horror , how his wife had had an accident and was in hospital .
The album American Beauty/ American psycho is the sixth album released this year by the well - known American rock band Fall out boy that has a huge followers in several countries .
I 'd rather go to London and spend a day filming with the film director because I 'm going to take my brother with me and he has never been there .
My free time only allows me to work at weekends , which is why your place is perfect for me , and I also love the food there and people are always nice .
Whether you want a fancy bottle of wine , a secondhand wedding dress or an antique clock you will find it in Lancaster .
Imagine going to work on a rainy day : you have one hand on your umbrella and the other clutching your bag , the wind is blowing mist on your face and a puddle of water is sprinkling tiny dots of wet dirt in your stilleto while you are making your way to a bus station .
My degree took up all my free time during this year , however , I tried to go on doing sport , especially running and playing football . I also try to keep up with the latest trends in sports events .
I strongly believe in the idea of having a comfortable office environment , because when you like what you are doing and also where you doing it , you will do it the best you can .
When I was a child I did n't understand why I needed to learn English but now I can see how important it is , for this reason I 'm motivated to learn .
Directed by Tim Burton , the story is a retelling of fantasy novel Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland .The film shows a young Alice Troubled by a strange recurring dream , the loss of her beloved father , an unwanted marriage proposal , and the oppressive expectations of the society in which she lives .
The last movie I watched was House Next Door , a captivating thriller that stars Jennifer Lawrence , Elizabeth Shue and Mark Thieriot .
We 've reached a point where this training starts at an early age in the form of extracurricular activities , such as music classes , learning languages and playing sports .
these are the references Mr Zandonella at 334 123456 and Mrs Malvicini at 3dG1QIup9c@libero.it
You must remember that in the center of the city , you can visit the bakeries with the best sweets and bread of world and these sweets are cheaper than in other towns .
I 'm Patricia Agüero , I have seen the advertisement for work in your cafe and I 'm very interested , because I need work to pay my study .
I 'm sure if you read or listen to audio book just 1 hour every day , you are going to feel a change quickly . I know that getting reading habits is difficult , but you start to do it , you wo n't be able to get enough of them and you will read for pleasure .
In my opinion public transport is doomed , because travelling by car is much more convenient and at the same time the easiest way to reach any destination you wish to get to .
Needless to say Michael could n't have been any more deceived than he had realized , because the unfortunate thing is that when he was doing his walk through on all of his department the inventory that was supposed to be submitted was in fact inaccurate .
But , I think that in other cases we take the car without any reason , it 's only a bad habit and maybe we could be changed it to improve our health ( going on foot or taking the bike for example ) and also we will help to the environment and the pollution .
Exchanging greetings , expressing emotions , updating work status , gaming , studying and more have become activities we do using mobile phones .
Since exhaust fumes are considered to be one of the major pollutants nowadays , the local authorities are doing everything in their power in order to induce citizens to travel more by means of public transport , in the detriment of the ubiquitous private cars .
Through a series of programmes and events organised by local voluntary organisations both adults and children are instructed about the importance of waste reduction and recycling .
You have to take the trains going towards the centre of the town and when you are on the train , jump off at the stop called " Stazione Centrale " .
He was very jealous but I thought it would fade away with time and with the gaining of the trust but it did not and ended up making me sick by the time passed .
It takes a higher level of creativity and spontaneity to succeed in it than your usual basketball match , since its flexible rules , no - coach system , intensified relationship between the player and the crowd , and reduced number of participants widen and complexify its field of possible actions .
As you know I 'm not the best student and I 've already failed in this exam twice , so there is only one more chance and I have to take it this semester .
If we go to Bierkeller we wo n't regret and we will have a great time trying different types of food , learning maybe a little bit of the history of the town and be happy as a group
In addition , I believe I am suitable for this position because I have the ability to speak with people of different nationalities in English and French , and I am enthusiastic about camping .
In contrast , the consumption of hamburgers and pizzas started at about 10 times for hamburgers and 5 times for pizzas in 1975 , and then rose constantly until it reached approximately 100 times and 85 times respectively in 1995 .
The report was discussed at our meeting , and we wish to congratulate you on completing this audit and providing the details and evidence on improving the outcomes from students results in this year .
We can personalise our needs and wishes , such as listening to songs , talking to our friends and family members , eating and drinking and stopping for food or toilet needs anytime , anywhere .
The story is set in the future , about thirty years from now , when time travel had been invented but was used only by criminal organizations who sent those they want killed in the past where a professional killer , a looper , was waiting for them and for the silver strapped to their body .
In this Memorandum , the main events narrated are the filibustery crimes originated in New York and the change of attitude towards Cuba of the USA after the election of the president Mackinley .
At first , I 'm not interested in it , since I did n't any idea how to play , as I had only played basketball and volleyball , however , I did n't enjoy these two at all .
As you enter the restaurant you are met with the traditional Italian restaurant red towels and a bit of a rustic feel , behind the counter you can see the cooks making the pizzas .
The very first thing came to my mind was a pair of inline roller skates ; I used to look out of my window , or sitting on my house 's door step and see my neighbors skating and trying to do some tricks and jumps , and all I wanted was joining them instead of watching them enjoying their times .
There is a lot of stress associated with it , bearing in mind that in most cases a new language will revolve around a culture that is different from what you are used to .
I 'm really sorry , but on May 15th I have an important exam at school , so it would be impossible for me to meet her .
This also leads to more humour as Titania falls in love with Bottom and calls him her ' sweet love'(4:3:30 ) .
We are slowly but inesorably loosing readiness to solve problems , unless we can surf the Internet , so that even a single day without technology would turn out to be a nightmare .
Max and his family had been in their holidays for two weeks now , this year they had decided to do a safari as a new experience .
The village I live , there is a lot of vegetation for that reason we try to protect environment , some of the things we do is to give mantainance every week to the vagetation zone checking if there is any garbage , to avoid this we teach the younger 's enviromentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or , candies to the floor they also can help the older people , there are cases which a person throws garbage to the street's , floor or to the vegetation to avoid that happening again we have a punishment that is to pay some money if the do n't they wo nt be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they were visitors , in that case we told him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advises to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
This week was a little bit difficult because it was the beginning of classes , I got up early to be on time for my classes and to start with all the enthusiasm in the new semester .
People often forget how important it is to help save the environment on a day - to - day basis , yet I believe it is not only the first step , but the most important to public awareness .
Fuji is very beautiful , so it has been the subject of countless works of art such as the ' Thirty - six Views of Mt. Fuji ' , a series of " ukiyo - e " paintings by Hokusai .
My opinion is rooted in my experience so I really enjoy interacting with people , especially children , and to tell you the truth I like cooking and experience new things in general .
Finally , sometimes people think they have completed their education , but when they get a full - time job , they realize that diploma or degree can increase their chances of promotion .
Spotted snakes ' and ' Thorny hedgehogs'(2:2:9 - 10 ) are references to animals .
I enjoy this sport because it allows you to take care of your health by using almost all your muscles while you can also enjoy the scenery and visit the places you come across .
In this task , Patrick will be helped out by Lexi , the daughter of his autopsy corpse , to throw some light out of the creepy suspicion of medical mistreatment and their darkest consequences .
In 2014 , I had completed the ' Let 's Debate ' writing program offered by The Standard and written a total of 4 articles for the ' Let 's Debate ' column of The Standard Student and Junior Standard .
They might not be the top , but they are self - actualized and satisfied , and only in such situation they can provide most to the world , just like Albert Einstein has said , " Try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value . "
Firstly , I have to say that I disagree about the statement " There is no future for public transport " . I think public transport has lots of advantages , more than travelling by car .
Well as the day was coming to a close Michael had a distinct feeling that something just was n't correct but he dismissed that feeling and continued with his day as he usually does .
what makes me like learning new languages is how it makes me communicate with others easily , I also like traveling so much as it makes me see new places and learn more about other countries around the world and their cultures and traditions however , I do n't travel outside my country because I am a student and I do n't have my own money which I can spend it on what I like .
I am very interested in to start a pet - care franchise because I like pets and I think all these services would be very helpful for a lot of people in my country too .
I have been following your marketing activities , and I have a number of new , creative ways on my agenda , I could improve your brand image as part of your team .
At this mind - blowing place , we looked and gazed at the phenomenally awe - inspiring and unbelievable fossils of ancient dinosaur bones up to 100 meters high !
So , when my friends ask me which is my favourite sport , a problematic decision comes to my mind , simply because I like them all .
If the individual stumbles , whether figuratively or literally , speculation about him will end up on TV , on the Internet or the front page of the tabloids .
Going on a job interview can be a stressful experience for even the most job seekers but if you use these tips , the first impression of you will be positive .
So , no matter what , if you maintain a great attitude and always give whatever you 're doing your best effort , you will have no regrets .
Installations are usually placed in big spaces because they have an important structure with the main task of making people reflect on something important that the artist needs to communicate to the biggest number of people .
Present in over 113 countries and territories and with over 86,000 members , AIESEC is the world 's largest youth - run organization .
After a long and tiring crawl , I needed to find a shelter from where I could seek refuge from the chilling wind howling over my head unabated .
One of the most kown building is the Churruca Earl Palace , who has a medieval tower with the battlements ( the rest of the towers in the city does not have ir because the Muslims took them out ) .
Anyway , to tell you the truth I 'd rather take a train , for instance , it means travelling in a relaxing way , not running risks of accidents , having the chance to read or play " travelling " chess , meeting new people , as in a stage coach but moving faster
When an important TV show goes through such a big change not everybody likes it , that is why the same thing happened when the BBC announced who would be playing as the 11th Doctor .
I 'm afraid because I think that the next exam in March could be a bit soon , but if I could have a look to some tools I 'll be relaxed .
All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy , that provide part of the energy to each house the days that the sun shines but if there is no sun the village has a dam beside us which provides them enough with water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only we have hydraulic energy but also wind energy ; in the out skirts of the village there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
This assertion may boost the confidence of parents whose children show a remarkable ability in the early infancy , as though this capability could be the celestial sign that their toddler is gifted or going to grow as child prodigy .
Needless to say , I was sidelined for the rest of the season , but this actually helped me realize that since you never know when your last play will be , you should try your hardest in football and life .
Powders by adhering physically to the fingermark residue developed the latent , chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingermarks developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingermarks by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingermarks , ninhydrin reacting to amino acid of the fingermark and developed the latent marks , single and multi - metal deposition methods works on the principle of deposition and resulting in the negative development of latent marks .
In my opinion , a good book has to have surprise , has to have a good plot , a good variety of characters and , as I said , has to involve you .
The purpose of this report is to outline actions taken by the authorities of Mińsk Mazowiecki in the sphere of preserving the environment .
I have been learning English for 5 years and I hope to take the FCE ( Cambridge exam ) soon . I also write a blog about art on English .
She called his best friend and also his workmate and asked him about Michael , but he had no clue about it , so she decided to go to his office .
This is an interesting concept because it can give the government the money it needs to solve its other problems and does n't necessarily break any rule of personal space .
The male students would gladly go to historical places , while 57% of the girls who filled in the questionnaire were n't inclined to spend their free time in that way .
You do n't even notice how hard your body is working because you really are enjoying yourself , and I think that 's awesome because it just makes everything easier .
I am the only grandchild that ca n't speak Korean properly because I grew up in Bavaria and not in NRW , but they taught me to cook .
Public transport offers a range of timetables for trains , buses or metro , but when it comes to deal with the day - to - day tasks we very often find travelling by our own car it is the easiest way .
So he woke up and looked at his watch and knew that he had to buy them immediately or his mother would be even more angry than before .
He told me that this is a new method of making sponge cake in the microwave that results in very fluffy texture which would be hard to achieve in a traditional oven due to temperature constraint and timing .
Hence , we have incorporated the concept of environmental protection into our curriculum so that students can develop an awareness of the matter at a young age .
As someone who hasn't sung classical before and has no background in Hindi Singing , I found it very confronting to sing at a concert after only four months of training .
I discovered that I know many more words than I thought and I can make well - structured sentences now , which I could n't do so well at the beginning of this school year .
As an intern in a biological laboratory , I have been trained to quickly learn new fields , think through problems in an analytical manner and maintain flexibility within a demanding schedule .
After a complex and difficult journey , Mohamed managed to reach the Italian coasts in 2011.Helped by a Senegalese community , he has eventually found a job as a fruit seller in a local market .
This past few months have made my life unfathomable , making me unable to grasp the idea of when is the right age to fall in love .
The problem is that if everyone thinks that traveling by car is convenient , absolutely everyone will go everywhere by car , and the roads will become chockablock .
If a younger person engages this process as well or better than an older person , it is hard to argue that age should be a decisive factor when offering employment .
The synagogue is still being used as a place of prayer for the few remaining Jewish people in Cracow or for visitors from Israel or other parts of the world .
my father name is Zaheer arat.he is very loving and caring.they gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of these things.he provides all the facilities to us of internet and books so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination.he always encouraged us and said do n't afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else.my brothers and me proud of my father.he is very hard working and brave.he has the smiley face.he always tries to laugh other people with their jokes.he always listens to us what we want.he never ever ignore us .
First I would like to intoduce myself , my name is Joaquín Gutiérrez and I tell you why my favourite sport is football which is a sport than I have practiced since I was six years old .
On the other hand , parents may have lack of time to spend with their children due to demanding jobs and to provide everything that their children need , for example pay for their children school .
The reason for my choice is simple and clear : the French revolution was the turning point in the European modern history and , thanks to its achievements , people in the twenty - first century can enjoy civil rights such as freedom of speech , assembly , worship and , the most important one , freedom of thought .
Someone would write something short and simple like " Keep smiling " or " You 're beautiful " and leave the note on the mirror right behind the front door .
If you like an evening stroll or a night out , walk through Istedgade for a glimpse of the old Copenhagen and the nightlife is offers .
Before the trip started , the company who decided to make this trip said that everything was perfectly calculated so that it was imposible to have any kind of problem with the spacecraft .
This essay will examine global warming and precipitation shortage as causes of drought , followed by two main negative impacts in terms of the economic and social problems in agriculture .
This experience taught me that it is better ti participate in a class with open discussion because it provide you with speaking and thinking abilities which are imperative for your career .
They turned out to be such a wonderful people , they treated me like an old friend , making jokes all the time and even invited me to eat dinner with them .
The fairies also affect nature as Oberon 's and Titania 's dispute results in the wind ' piping ' to them in ' vain'(2:1:88 ) .
I had to write a dissertation and a thesis and , I will not lie , these writing processes were very hard , but I learned a lot about academic writing .
The purpose of this report is to outline some aspects of my experience , such as , with whom I stayed , where I spent the week and what places I visited .
Second , it is a good opportunity to educate them in life skills such as knowing not to sit in priority seats or leave litter on the bus .
When facing a decision on whether to shop in a shopping center or in small stores , many people will choose the shopping center because you can buy all types of products at once .
To conclude , it seems to me that it is fine to use cars sometimes but whether the quality of public transport was better , the amount of pollution and accidents would decrease .
Phoebe is the funniest of the group , she sings and plays the guitar but she is not very good at it .
The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods as the inquisition , the knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social statements such as the Catholic Church and monarchies since the knowledge through books had become a threat to continue underpinning their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violate their thought in order to transcribe them .
What is more , we are becoming indifferent to other people 's suffering and that 's why we are n't willing to think about it , even on Good Friday .
Present in over 113 countries and territories and with over 86,000 members , AIESEC is the world 's largest youth - run organisation .
You just have to think that 50 years ago we did n't know what a smartphone or a laptop was , in the schools we used book of paper and not tablet or iPad , and now technology is part of our lives .
To support my argument against this proposal I would like to explain what happened when the authorities attempted to introduce a ban on smoking in my home town .
That 's all for now , but I will write more , when I find my feet ! I will appreciate my dad 's work forever .
Travelling has become a great part of our daily lives , whether we only go to the nearby grocery store or choose to visit our relatives who live in another country .
It has been a popular American tradition for many years now , since the mid-60s that we all use cars owned by private parties in order to meet our needs , hence considered the " modus operandi " ever since .
In Garigento we saw the ' Valle Dei templi ' and a museum and in the afternoon we moved to ' Santa Maria Dei Greci ' .
To get prepared to the things to be taught in grade 9 , I also flipped through some textbooks , including Integrated Science , Geography , etc .
I know it could be a problem for you since you ca n't cook , but organisers need volunteers in many fields : scenography , sounding , VIP - escort .
As this is my first time , I would like to find out how exactly does the system work , so I chose to write this random text rather than those serious topics available .
One of the advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting was that this bypass would lower the rate of air pollution around town , which I highly agree with because the extra traffic caused due to the passing cars added to the vehicles used by the locals cause massive smog in the atmosphere , not to mention being terribly bad to the health of the walking , cycling citizens , especially young children , babies .
So , for the unlucky ones like me , my suggestion is If you did not fall in love with any sport , you should try a course ! You will surely feel better and more relaxed after that .
Whether they like it or not , right from the beginning all you do becomes attractive for the mob : what you eat , where you go , who you date to , your possible marriage , your holidays , etc .
Then he 'll be lost for words as much as he spoke and he will be willing to put the whole thing aside and just lose himself in some drinks , although he hasn't come to age yet for that .
I would do my best for making their imprisonment less hard and , above all , I 'd try to convince the Parliament not to sentence them to the death penalty .
We were , obviously , sad because this amazing time was ending but happy as well for the memories we shared together . I will remember this vacation for the rest of my life .
Another attraction which is a unique one is " the merry cemetery".It is famous for the colourful paintings on the tombstones describing , in a very original way , the prson buried there and their lives .
Then , you really must visit the synagogues : The Temple Synagogue , Isaac Synagogue , The Tall Synagogue and Remuh Synagogue .
Finally , it is proved that youths are devoting less time to do exercise than they should and as a consequence , they are not improving their general health enough .
When I used to spend my vacation in Mecca after the doing my Omrah , I visited several places , among them was a house for teaching the holy book of Quran .
In Tampico City the most important landmarks they are squares in Tampico , the better shopping they are mall Altama ubicate in Tampico center and the beach Madero , the most important parks they are Carpenter 's lagoon and my favorite restaurant is Child 's in mall Altama .
In my opinion it 's the one of the most fascinating place in Poland and the most wonderful site in Lublin . I think that everyone should visit this castle .
and I know how to take care of a camp . I 'm funny and cheerful but I 'm also professional so I know how to take care of the children .
Focused on providing a platform for youth leadership development , AIESEC offers young people the opportunity to be global citizens , to change the world , and to get experience and skills that matter today
Hasselt has it all , from museums and shops with the latest fashion , to shops with local products such as gingerbread and gin .
Or else there are some pubs we could visit , most of the time I quite enjoy going to a pub on the weekends myself , but it 's all up to you .
Needless to say , in order to combat the rising tide of the social problems in Hampshire , the Education Authority decided to increased funds for the educational sector .
In northern Italy people eat at about 19 , whereas in southern Italy they eat at about 21 . I get home late and I have no time to cook elaborate meals so I usually cook a steak with vegetables .
It , today , has millions of followers who believe in its philosophy that reincarnation is the truth and a human feels tied - up because of the constant pull of the strings of his past lives .
It is close to unbelievable , but at first critics and educated people find Shakespeare rude , unpoetic and unpatriotic ( shame on you , blind and narrow - minded people !
You could travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali or by train from Jakarta to Surabaya , so you can take a plane from Surabaya to Bali .
I ca n't imagine my life without taekwondo it is my blood , my soul.taekwondo it is not a violent sport as many people say but what you have to know is what in the brain and the heart of players .
I have recently watched The Ultiamtum of Bourne and I 'm so excited to share it with you . I believe you 'll absolutely love it .
Actually , I do n't watch much television , because I do n't have much free time , but if I had it , I think I would watch more .
After this , metal plates need to be prepared by skilled machinists so as to proceed to bank notes printing , in which stage sheets are used to print ( each containing 50 bank notes ) .
When he got up he insulted him and tried to beat him , when he returned home , he closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
A number of recycling bins have been placed around the village and citizens are being encouraged to join several ongoing courses to raise their awareness of the importance of recycling .
Switzerland is really a great place for travelling . You should plan two different periods to visit sightseeing places , one in summer and the other one in winter .
Firstly I strongly recommend you to visit the main capital , which is full of marvellous historical and cultural sites such as museums , art galleries , monuments and churches .
The study pointed out that the public transport network in the United States has not been expanded since a long time compared to the situation in Germany , for example .
I agree with this recommendation because I think it 's important for schools to make the same progresses the society does year by year , offering always new materials and technologies , such as computers or interactive whiteboards in classrooms , making studying more interesting and sometimes also easier .
I 'm so sorry that it took me so long to reply , but I had to move out of my parents ' house last week .
That way , the most of the trouble would be kept away from the internet while at the same time , the internet users would still have the freedom to explore the web .
Of course , you leave a lot of things , such as your family , friends , foods , places , own things , etc . , and nobody put up with being very far away from all these things .
In the past , she had some difficulty keeping her room neat , but , as she has grown up , she has become a far more disciplined and tidy person .
I 'm writing to you to tell you about the U2 concert , which took place in " Spodek " arena in Katowice last month .
In conclusion , if you want to have a good time , you shoudl go to the cinema to see this film with your family , because it is an interesting and emotional film .
Then a voice roared " I 'm gon na eat you up ! " , " I 'm gon na eat your baby sister up ! " .
Chances are that I wo n't meet any other people because Visby at least has a few nerds that you can hook up with .
Her voice was weak and fleble while she said " .. and I was really depressed , you know and then I thought ... we always talked about going in India ... and I thought ... maybe we could fix everything .. so .. I'm just asking .. will you go with India with me ? "
Thanks to it I have met a lot of people who share the same interests as I do and I have discovered some of my favourites TV shows .
This would help the farmers to know the latest techniques and trends in agriculture and will also enable them to put across their queries to the concerned specialists in their field .
I 'm going to write about the obesity , a lot of people do n't eat correctly , they consume a lot of junk food and this cause effects in their health .
After being socially judged by the society , we can perceive the direct influence of unwritten rules in our cultural values when someone breaks at least one of them .
Around 12.00 a.m. , most people have lunch , which also consists of sandwiches and is just as light as breakfast .
I 'm a really sportive person I love to different sports I think that it 's something that is great for your body and your metabolism , Did you know that do exercise can reduce depression and increase the quality of your life ?
If you want to enter to the hall of honor or enter to the monument it 's free but if you want to go up to the viewpoint , unless you are younger 5 , you must pay an entrance fee of 10 $ argentines .
One day a man and his wife were trying to found a place shallow and without pollution for cultivate , they were poor ; they do n't have the necessary sources , but the husband work so hard because his wife had an accident it occurred one day that his wife was working in a campaign of conservation of animal in endangered , she went to a place in search of animals , she heard a sound in a dark place of the jungle so she went to investigated what was that , a creature that have never seen attack she , her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy the wife of the man in the floor , they ask she if she is ok but he do n't answered so her partner toke it to the doctor , there the doctor said that she was ok but he will never hear again or only if she paid 1 000 dollar for a operation .
In this step , workers are needed to manually inspect the quality of sheets and divide them into three groups : good quality , partially damaged quality and bad quality .
Also , I think I would be a good person for the job because I like the Nature , I could teach them a lot of things about the Geology , a camp is perfect to introduce at the boys and girls in the stones and minerals .
Since I was in London , I thought it could visit The Who Shop , it is a shop dedicated to Doctor Who and it has a museum with costumes and other things that have appeared in the TV show .
With his shaking hands he popped the box of pills he was holding the whole time he was walking , walking towards his home , the place he always felt at ease in . "
Additionally , if we are eager to travel outside the town in order to have some rest from a hectic rhythm of life , it will be more comfortable for us to use our cars .
Sheets in the second groups then get seperated into good ones , which , together with good quality sheets , enter a process of packaging and distribution where seperate notes are cut and finally enter the market , and bad ones , which go to disposal with bad quality sheets , where both groups get securely destroyed .
As an overall trend , it is clear that consumption of fish and chips decreased over the period while the amount of pizzas and hamburgers eaten increased during the same period .
The wheel was found in a settlement built on stilts over wetland , indicating that the settlement had some sort of link to dry land .
New methods of transportation may speed up the delivery to the purchaser home and , as a result , it will improve the quality of service .
Taking everything into account , in my opinion every student should have a good encyclopaedia at home because it is much better for their education .
So , I did n't try it again , because I think that there must have been a problem not related to my credit card account .
In the " Culture Centre " your young visitors will be able to join daily cultural activities , such as theater , cinema and drawing classes , whereas in the " Sports Centre " they will have an opportunity to join many sports activities , such as bowling , swimming , athletics and karate classes .
After taking part in numerous festivals and concerts she had finally entered a joint British - Russian program for training socio - cultural managers in the cultural sphere .
I think people who read the book ( written by Victor Hugo ) , who are interested in this historical incident , or who merely want to analyse human relationships must see the movie .
We can see the conceit of freedom in Shelley 's " Ode to the West Wind " , where the wind is wild and it is the very symbol of freedom ; instead , in the " Rime of the Ancient Mariner " , we can see the brotherhood of mariners in the ship and of party guests and also the equality of all the God 's creatures .
It is based on Dr. Gregory House , a reputable diagnostician who uses strange and sometimes inappropriate approaches in order to find out what is wrong with his patients .
And the strengths and weaknesses in both of segmental and suprasegmental , I think it 's maybe the learning habit , when I heard a sentences , I would use many varieties of tone and manner to say the sentences again , therefore , I can easily be interpreted illustrations instructions the emotions and feelings .
Doctor 's travelsmachine is a Policebox ... it is small and blue outside , but it is bigger on the inside .
He uses it to help her and try to solve the problems in the lovers relation ship as Lysander and Demetrius are in love with Hermia consequently Helena in love with Demetrius .
The thing is , some people do n't think it 's ok , and they do n't agree , so they just stay inside and try to survive the night .
First of all , in this film you do n't see a gangster Al Pacino , it 's about a retired army 's coonel who suffers from loneliness and depression .
I enjoy football because it is a form to forget problems and enjoy a bit , because when you are playing football , you are n't thinking other stuff , you only are concentrate at the game .
The restaurant is in Alcorcon . I have to say that it is a beautiful place , with a lot of beautiful lamps and a lot of space .
I can still recall the day Cathy and I brought Casino to Taipei City Hall , walking him along the department store pavement , and playing with him all day long .
Could they hear my old mind working to guide them , lead them and TREND them and get up out this damn wheelchair and take them by the hand .
In fact , the film , well cast from top to bottom , is highlighted by a compelling soundtrack and a set of beautiful English locations , as in many British productions .
The second text assesses the attraction of concerts despite the present high quality of recorded music , and suggests that the reasons to succeed may be the communal experience and its offer of different songs and performances that make the live performance an unforgettable experience .
Not surprisingly , these causes played an important role when we talk about the percentage of land which was affected by these causes , particularly in Europe and Oceania .
On the one hand , if you have money and a lot of free time you can spend all day dodging in the mall for only one , special kind of skirt or pair of jeans .
My first time was an exciting experience I will never forget : the touch of the rock , the high , the pain in your fingers ... I like climbing because this sport makes me feel alive , even sometimes I feel fear .
The end of the evaluation is that every pupil writes a post - it note that answers the following questions : What have I learned from this course ?
This kind of club will allow students to express their feelings in a non - violent manner , learn how to manage their reactions and develop creative talent .
However , I am non - American and I live with a man who surprises me every day in a positive and also in a negative way . I can not describe my own husband .
In my opinion computers might be the best invention ever made , since they 've become an essential part of our daily lives and since we rely on them so much .
Playing varsity football has taught me so much more than just what my assignments are on a particular play or how to block . I have learned to think about others first , and realized how important working hard is .
He did not want to earn much money , what he truly wanted was to earn enough money to travel around the world , and not a job which does not allow to do his hobbies , although it gives him a lot of money .
That would be splendid and fun for both of us because we could have a good long talk and pop into a café for a snack .
The football is the most beautiful sport in the world , it 's the profession dream of almost all the boys when they are kids , when you play in your neighbourhood , you are playing that you 're Messi , or Cristiano Ronaldo or your favourite player of your team .
On Saturday morning I had to working and I had to do all the things as fast as was possible to be in the city centre at the exact time .
It 's one of the best tv cooking programme that I have ever seen and I absolutely agree with you when you say that this programme promotes the individual and collective work .
The line which represent the indoor swimming pool remain fairly steady , from approximately 1800 to 2500,the period of every year from April to June and October to December own the highest outstanding achievement , whilst the sale is downwards overall .
For example , it is not difficult to see the media talking about a son who kills his parents for money or a girl who is murdered by her boyfriend out of rage due to jealousy .
She knows , she knows and she knows it is so wrong to put all happiness , dreams and hopes on someone that may leave anytime but she could not help it .
In conclusion , I think providing fun in safe environment is the main component in summer camp that each family is looking for . as a father and a nurse I have the ability to create the fun , to provide safe activities and the most important is my ability to intervene in the emergency situations
With increasing housing has come a bigger hospital and more shopping facilities the existing shops being built on the site of the old school , with a new school opening on the north bank of the river .
All in all , I think this woould be the best restaurant for our class to go , since it 's close to the school , it has good prices and a friendly ambience .
I 'm not agree abaout this statement becasue in a big cities there are a lot of cars , if all people in a city use his own car at the same time , there will be a huge traffic , so travelling by car is n't much more convenient in this situation .
Kitesurfing - this sport discipline is getting more and more popular not only in countries such as Australia , Turkey or Egypt , but also in other ones , just like Poland or Germany !
This is how they start their conversation and while exchanging conversation , they felt as if they know each other for a long time ... they got attracted towards each other and in the midst of that they kissed each other and even exchanged phone numbers .
As a language teacher , I hope my students will have a deeper and broader understanding of this language , their interest in this language will be stimulated by the course and learn the language constantly .
Nelson Mandela said , " Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world " .
We discussed about some sexist ideas that I do n't agree with what the society demands on people and I noticed a little sexism of him , but I was fine with that because That can happen , but due to my profession he could n't be like that for so long because I was in a man 's shoes .
This is just a quick e - mail to apologise because I forgot to ask you if you want to come to celebrate the end of the year .
No one could have imagined that she was such a brilliant person and when she gave the article to the boss the latter was quite astonished .
Before I came here I was so dependent of my parents and I had a lot of fear , but I learned to overcome all the things that stopped me .
The finish line at the end of residency , waiting in line for a chance at the operating table , and then , there 's the most important line .
According to what Charles Dickens said , " it was the best of times " , because the people can get rewarding from the nature and get a better life because of the fertile land which can feed us .
well since my chillhood I always love weapons , my father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was until I was 15 when I found my real passion , and it was the archery , since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that the archery is my favorite sport .
The price was n't cheap for dessert but if you take into the entire experience and compared to what you pay for drinks at a bar or lounge , it 's pretty comparable actually .
I had n't never heard about doing rafting until my best friend , Carmen , told me whether I wanted to have a whale of a time with her and I accepted it .
Unsure of what to does , she chase a rabbit in a blue waistcoat , and accidentally falls into a large rabbit hole From which she emerges in a forest , where she is greeted by many strange creatures .
La Cacharrería is a small , Spanish restaurant in the old town of Cáceres .
We can make dynamic classes by being in contact with other schools , in the case of subjects such as English and French , students would improve their skills by being in contact with students from different countries .
For example , which way you should go , where is good restaurant , how to travel in a country , how to solve your problems , where is the cheapest accommodation and much more .
I have taken part in a volunteer programme , looking after children 6 - 12 during the school term , and therefore I consider myself as having a good knowledge of children 's behaviour , that might be useful for the summer camp .
His mother was working and his dad was out of town and that 's why she asked him to make her that favour and he could n't say no .
Suddenly , a giant fish fell from the sky , causing him spit out the hairball , Jack could not believe what he saw , the man riding the fish was Bugs Bunny !
There has been substantial attention to writers ' self - presentation and identity in online social media recently ; Boyed ( 2008 ) studied how teens present themselves online through Myspace site ; Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) reports that people illustrate a different identity in facebook through using " a different language and writing style " .
Other modern malls are located in the suburbs but do n't worry , our city has an excellent public transport service to get there .
Currently , I stand at Syntagma square in Athens and it 's tremendously hot weather ! The sun is literally burning ! I 'm going to have a meeting with other international volunteers here in an hour .
Swimming is my favourite sport in the world , I started it when I was five years old , I really enjoy it , I feel that the water is my place in the word , I feel free .
Most people think that choosing a grammar school is the best option , because it opens the door to university , while technical institutes are put in a corner .
She falls in love with him , but unfortunately he is engaged and his fiancée is an awful person who always try to humiliate Flor .
I think it is not necessary and not recommendable because you have the possibility to earn money and is difficult once you get used to earn money , you want to study again .
I do n't like doing a sport in a closed space , such as gyms , in fact , I always do whatever I can to play tennis outdoor though it 's not a beautiful day .
Nevertheless , a strong and balanced mind plays a huge role in the game of tennis , as shown by famous tennis champions , like Michael Chang and Justine Henin .
I lived in a yellow house , not far away from where I live now ( probably just five minutes ) until a year ago when we moved to a much bigger house .
In conclusion , owning a motorbike can be useful or useless depending on the lifestyle you have , your economic status , and the number of people you need to travel with .
If you are looking for a film that provides you with suspense and action at the same time , I recomend you to watch " Now you see me " .
If you want we could go to the capital city of my country , we will go by the car because the car is cheaper than the bus or train , we could eat in the famous restaurant of the city or we could go to the cinema also if you want I could visit the medieval wall .
And as a sports lover I am glad to be informed about the latest matches of the international leagues like the " NBA " , " Premium League " and also the " National League " because of my deep love of sports .
Law enforcers also wanted for their country to win , and in the United States policemen arrested any Japanese person they saw and sent them back to Japan .
This was achieved by using as a reference the information that Holden gives us about this short story and including things in it that he might like .
I am writing this letter as a wake up call to those who think that their recently earned certification gives them the skills to go out diving wherever they want .
An appropriate sample size should be ten times the number of items used in the questionnaire ( Sorbom et Joreskog , 1982 ) .
Our personal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " is a muddy hotel because many years ago it had been a castle , as well you can sleep in the king bed and every night it has theatre where you can take a part in a play .
Well , first of all , there are a lot of activities you can do for fun , such as visiting some historical places that are attractive for many tourists .
I assume that another problem will be robots , because little by little they will capture the world and they will become human 's enemy , and that would be one of possibilities in the future .
You do n't need to get angry or mad if you do n't find a parking space , you can just get on / off the bus wherever you like .
The Yellow River overflows and the crops on the plains are ruined in some areas .Fortunately , the flood also makes the plains fertile and feed millions of people .
A member of The Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders of Canada , he was killed at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in October 2014 .
However , there 's no need to worry any longer , if you have a look at www.elihinkel.org/tips/tenses.htm .
The advice that I would give the people that would like to start playing this sport is that they should have a bit of experience in working in a team that is full of new people .
If we take football clubs , for example , we can see that the desire to become well - known and popular makes football players very dedicated sportsmen .
Many people have the impression that learning a language is only possible through hard work : studying grammar rules , learning vocabulary by heart and burying your head in a book .
Yes , I know , it was a difficult decision to take , but I am too stressed here , I need a break , so I decided to travel to England , the country I have ever wanted to visit but I 've never been there .
On Saturdays or Sundays we do n't have to work , so we have time to cook and we prepare typical Italian food with two or more courses .
Also , we think that becoming a sports star is difficult and it would be a good idea to talk about it because some of the club members wrongly think it is easy to succeed playing a sport .
Practice is the one thing that can increase the probability of desireable results and awareness is what gives you the ability to adapt to different situations , and the combination of the two is the only way to success , so if you want to be a good player you need to put your energy and focus on practice and stay alert and surveing the court at all times so you can be aware of what is happening around you .
Young people may confront some health issues , making bad choices , like for drugs and alcohol and also a negative body image , including crash dieting , eating disorders and obesity .
This headband would be related to household chores such that if you would need to washing dishes or to sweeping , you only may to think about it and the robotized system of the house would send orders to each part of the house itself .
It may sound weird or even wrong for some people , because there are many of them that do n't even consider dancing as a sport ... but for me , and for everyone that has ever done dancing , it is not only a sport , but a very difficult one .
That 's why Mary is constantly surrounded with a bunch of fellas meanwhile Tom is the only one to follow Alison and have her back .
I do not blame anyone for this , because I know , this heart of mine seems to just fall in love a little too fast and easily .
There is a law which states that if someone throws rubbish such as papers , cigarettes or chewing gum to the street , they may be punished with a fine which could increase up to $ 100 .
The surprise is today I am 44 years old and Claudia is 40 years old and we still correspond to each other through the modern means of Facebook and Whatsapp , of course , we no longer can wait for thirty days while we can chat and see each other live .
My name is Mike , I 'm 23 years old and I want to learn more English because I love this language and because I need it for my next job in the summer .
It jumped around ferociously as if everything was just a game and that is when Alison realised things were now so much better than before ...
It is their work to make descisions that ensure the benefit of the people in their country , but we do n't need to know nothing else about them , after they come home to spend some time with their families .
I would like to apply for the 12-month Internship Programme ( Marketing and Client Relations team ) at ICG as advertised on the Cambridge Careers website .
What he did n't know , or just could n't accept , was he was unwilling to tolerate other people 's views , and jokes that 's why he packed my things and asked me to find another place to stay .
In fact , in its final minutes , it makes you believe , for one misty - eyed moment , in true love and in order reigning in the universe .
Finding the best way to collect and store information for the future is not just a problem in our working life but also in our private life .
First , there are always lots of people who would prefer not to give much thought where to park their car or how to avoid traffic jams .
It is very serious and hard to solve because victims have to be very strong and brave to recognize and face these situations and being able to report their aggressor so as to manage the matter finishes .
Afro - Americans were afraid of raising their voices to express their inconformity against the oppression they were suffering , and to fight to obtain equality was not an option because any sign of rebellion was cruelly punished .
Usually , cars need one hundred percent of our attention during driving . Resulting as a huge disadvantage of cars compared to public transport because we are not able to enjoy driving time by doing something else at the same time we are driving .
However , even with these arguments , demolition is more frequently affected by a lack of public funds because it covers the part about the hindsight of an appropriate budget for eventually renovating as well .
Beneath the combustion chamber there is the ash tray necessary to collect the ash generated by the combustion of the pellet .
The most popular TV programme in Germany is definitely the news programme " Tagesschau " which is airing about three times a day on the channel " Das Erste / ARD " .
I think Doctor Who is totally different from other science fiction films , it always has done the unthinkable , the impossible , things that no one else has even dreamed of .
I want to be an expert in such areas as drilling , exploitation and development of oilfield , that is why I want to get a master degree abroad , or PhD at my university .
Silesian culture offers a lot so I think you will have fun visiting The Park of Tradition .
Taking the train is more cost effective than taking a car to work as petrol is costly and the new transportation office has reduced the cost of tickets to assist with the daily living expesnes we encounter .
Not only is it an advantage for their health if they 're able to create healthy meals , but also does it strengthen relationships among classmates , as they might help and support each other while trying new dishes .
I think this thriller will get your nerves out of you , the movie reveals many things as it continues it 's actually so good and for those that are scared about thrillers , this movie is more like suspense and I really think you can enjoy it .
The atmosphere was really nice ; the people were so light - hearted and I just felt like I could be friends with anyone immediately .
To summarise , large - scale building projects create massive problems which are harmful to human and animals , but the government can be helpful in solving these problems
But the main reason is , that Zlín zoo is one of the biggest zoos in Czech Republic and , in my opinion , the most beautiful .
The aim of this proposal is to compare the two proposed venues River Boat Disco and Milford Comedy Club and to recommend one based on the survey carried out among the students .
For this , we will analyse several aspects such as what local residents do with the rubbish and how Lanjarón tries to keep the area clean and makes it attractive to people .
I 'm kind of person who used to think that every hour had a purpose , who had no time to waste , not even a single hour .
Whereas if you are going in there to party with friends or watch a game you get a table at suitable place . I believe that if we all could go to this restaurant at the end of our course , we will surely have a great time .
My favorite sport is Football , but it is not a sport that I like to practise it 's a sport to watch because it 's beautiful , very cool and very exciting to support a team in a championship .
You may want some nice music with you , so an Ipod is a handy solution to collect all your favourite songs and set up the perfect soundtrack to your walking activity .
A narrative approach to explore and investigate clinical reasoning development can provide a vocabulary that encourages us to integrate insights from different frameworks in ways that combine the strengths of each .
In this network you create a profile of your car , write a list of improvements you have done in it , upload photos and movies about you car and of course you meet a lot of people with the same interests .
I am very interested in multilingual jobs , with German , Spanish , English and Italian , related to marketing , IT web - analytics , Customer service ...
After all , the factor with the most influence on decline of local buildings is the lack of public funds which make it possible to keep our old buildings , or at least a few of them , because these funds frequently accumulate money for projects like renovations .
To sum up , this trip was the best experience we have in our lives , because we make friends , visit a new country and we have a lot of fun .
To conclude I believe that I am ideal for the job and I would love to work with the USA SUMMER CAMPS so the kids who go there can have their best summer holiday .
As any other unscientific " truth " that circulates and cause harm to our society , this one can only be eliminated through the reading of scientific and specialised publications on the topic , so that the effective manners of becoming talented in something can be adopted , before the popular believes take our motivation and self - belief away .
The whole plot takes place in the area called Downton , the castle of Earl Lord Gratham , his family and the service staff .
But even though I will never get a chance of playing for my dream team I still enjoy playing football . I can play with people who are good and I still have fun .
I wanted to write to you earlier , but we had my sisters ' birthday party and I had an allergic reaction from something I 've never eaten before .
My name is Ivan Longo , I 'm 19 years old and I was born at Val d'Isere , Italy , but last year I moved to Barcelona , in Spain .
You jump off a bridge and you fall and fall , and then , just before you hit the ground or water , an elastic rope pulls you back .
The principal objectives of this proposal are to outline the main problems that the company 's website has , and suggest ways that the web designers can deal with them .
Since I was 13 I 've been teaching children from 8 - 9 years old how to play hockey and I am still doing and enjoying this .
Second , Human start to learn driving at the age of 16 , and they can master the driving skills very quickly ( within a month or two ) , soon they can drive to wherever they want to go , and we also see people at the age of 80 still drive to their destinations as they got used to it .
My only advice is : go to the seaside , find a nice camp for surfers with a good instructor , and enjoy your moments of freedom !
This research project will provide us with better understanding and insights into this area through the EM trainees ' narratives and experiences of clinical reasoning development in ED and add to the scientific discourse in clinical reasoning .
First of all , Spanish educational laws are in Europe , and probably in the world , the only ones which have changed the most in the last 30 years .
According to an article published by UNAM in 2001 , the introduction of GMC 's has had a huge impact on the global market .
Who does not want to feel like an astronaut on our own planet exploring the magical underwater world just on a recreational trip ?
" Historically , the Jirga System dates back to the days of Naseer Khan of Kalat , Baluchistan .
Other participants of the Turkish - Russian round table also talked on current issues of the history and current relations between the two Eurasian countries .
I 've been living in Ireland since last August in order to practise my English language but I need to improve my spelling and my writing as well .
I expect that this course will help me develop my English skills , so that I can write my papers , communicate and discuss my research in more effective way .
The wasted time also should weight in , whether it is waiting for the trains , or waiting for the delayed buses , not to mention the longer time it takes compared to travelling in a car .
While it is true that social networks help shy people to make new friends , it is also true that young people write their messages with abbreviations .
Firstly , I do not understand why this is being implemented so quickly and why there has been no discussion - there is no time for anyone to feel comfortable with the idea .
ATUM Desserant is an awesome dessert lounge on 16/F in the new L Square building in Causeway Bay !
He knocked at the door and when he opened it , he saw , sitting there , the same old lady he had cursed a few hours earlier in the street .
Living in a big city I can cycle to work every day , which I believe is a great way to exercise and reduce my environmental footprint .
As you know , my country is made up of different races so there are many different traditional food in my country so you can try different cuisins like banana leaf rice and hainanese chicken rice .
Given the circumstances we would like to offer one of the following compensations if you decide to travel with us again in the future :
Kachl 's Park is a perfact place to spend some time walking along paths , sitting on a bench , talking to each other .
Many of us think that the home of the future will be exactly like in our favourite sciean - ficions movies or books , for example , " Solaris " or even " Star Wars " .
The TV series known as Downton Abbey is the best I have ever seen , and in the following lines I would like to explain why .
When we met on the weekend , I noticed that they were different ; they have different skates , and different methods of skating , they slid on edges and skated on the park benches .
It is a fact that on the one hand you have the opportunity to buy dangerous weapons nowadays but on the other hand we are unable to manage this situation correctly .
It slowly rustles and clatters and it 's pulsing waves attract so much that you ca n't stand sitting still much longer and you are ready to throw up everything and run towards it .
Focused on providing a platform for youth leadership development , AIESEC offers young people the opportunity to participate in international internships , expe ...
Although I am Spanish and English is not my first language , I can speak fluently because my mother is Irish and she always used to speak English to us .
I like to play soccer , dance and sing . I like to dance because I can do a little bit whatever I want when I dance and only a few people is judging me .
That does n't seem too far , but when you have small children , you could be walking this twelve times a day .
Kateryna was frustrated with classic film genre and started looking for possibilities for realization of experimental theoretical ideas on practice .
I 'm totally free at weekends , so I can work long hours , plus I live very near and could help in some emergency if you need someday .
Even if you meet him for the first time , his smile can make you feel comfortable . " My friend replied , " Yes , I may feel comfortable around him .
In fact , they keep the woods clean and the owners sent the loggers to remove dead trees now or those that could lead to hazards , but every time you remove a tree , is immediately put a young plant so that the environment does not undergo changes that will lead out balance the system .
If you have further questions , please feel free to contact me . I would be grateful if you will let me know as soon as possible .
Shenzhen - China 's largest migrant city and a neighbor of Hong Kong - is a remarkable place that I call home .
The regular meetings with my group of students to discuss their questions on econometrics have developed my empathy which is a crucial skill of being a leader .
To try to keep the environment clean we have a big group of voluntary workers that work after their jobs here trying to keep this area as clean as possible by picking all the rubbish and controlling the whole area in case there is something not normal .
I read your e - mail , so let 's talk about books ! I usually read a book on my free time , because I prefer story than short articles .
It is more likely that adults would , use their profile pictures as a way of casually showing themselves , their family , find new clients for their jobs or possibly a recent trip they took .
Therefore , the next day she brought me back to the store , we found out that they did not have the same scruff because it is the only one .
Endless hours in front of a screen can cause eye strain and headaches , which are serious side - effects .
Henceforth , I aim to consolidate my career by mastering the legal responses to the developments shaping international trade today .
Japanese , as pointed out by Trompenaars ( cited in Morrison , 2006 ) , is highly influenced by the values of universalism .
Having graduated from UCLMD in 2016 as an IT - based marketing communication professional , with a focus on Business English , I could be a great asset to your company .
The " Casa Alvaro restaurant " is a restaurant situated in Valença , a small city in the north of Portugal .
It all began a rainy morning of July , school 's out for 10 days and as a results of bad grades at school , Michael is forced to pass the summer with his hateful and rich cousins .
For Example , if you do n't smoke , you wo n't cause air pollution and you wo n't damage your health ; if you use public transportation , walk more or take bicycle as your transportation , you will not only help reduce the pollution bust also improve your health .
Before I came to live to Tijuana , I was really nervous because I had to leave everything and because it would be a change in my life .
Many programs consist lessons for kids to learn , for kids who still want to learn speaking and know the words , it is very useful because many programs are very suitable for their to help them learn faster by watching television .
For example , in 1933 the capital city of Iran , Tehran , drew its entire water supply system using the same principle of qunats , though with a lot more complications added into it .
While both methods clearly have their advantages , I believe that just limiting students to either one or the other can have a negative effect on language learning .
Consequently , he was able to tell us how the cost of the treatment are less , how doctors are dedicated , and how everybody has access to primary health care .
People do not think about the environment , they only think about the time that they will spend on the traffic . the scientists said the new society it can be called " the fat society " because the the people do not want to do any exercise , people do not walk anymore , people just use elevators , etc .
In conclusion , I believe that public transport should be a necessary part of everybody 's life , we should use it every day to save the Earth , money , and time .
From September 12 to September 14 , I was too lazy because I was tired of the exam so I was all day laying on the sofa doing nothing apart of watching the TV and chat with my friends .
If you guys could share a quality , memory or any eventful time that you shared with her through video message would a great favour to me .
That makes me wonder who really deserves fame and who does n't , but fame is not the same as being remembered .
At the same time I was one of the leader in the " Scouts " , so I 've learned a lot how to come together with people and to take care of them .
Most of the year I live in Poznań , because of my studies at the University , but every summer I go back home to spend some time with my family and friends .
A few days ago , Tom saw on the newspaper an article that talked about the pollution that is produced by the cars and the effects that they would have in a few years .
I am writing in response to your advertisement in today 's edition of " The China News " to apply for the position of Club Organizer .
It 's a pity that you have to choose between the activities that you love the most , but I guess that life is full of choices .
She sat down in the freezing cold night shivering nervously as she watched the mud from the ground stain her obsidian black leggings .
If you walk on the seaside in the evening you can have also the possibility to see the sunset over the sea .... that ' great emotion ! I feel good in that way and even my soul can have a breath .
I agree , for many people travelling by car is much more convenient , however , in my opinion , there is still a long future for public transport .
Often after school I babysit my parents friends ' children and I usually really like it ! I am also a very athletic person so I would not mind entertaining the children for a longer period of time and also doing some physical exercises .
I learned that a man does anything to conquer a woman , he even does a lot of hateful things for him such as going to her home every night to stay together or to hang out , while later you find out that he hates going to places except his house .
The problem is that he has an obsession : he wants to get back with his wife although he ca n't talk to her as the police have forbidden him .
I hope you think I 'm the right person for this , I think this would be a great experience for me as well as for the kids .
I think that I can help you on several camps activities , because of my background in volunteer work I have experience not only in the kitchen but also organising and managing some youth sports games in my neighborhood .
Maybe a lot of people that are fat do n't have the time to do exercise , or they have other reasons , but that is not an excuse , they have to have the habit of eat healthy food .
After giving instructions for stage three , I was busy checking the register . I did n't monitor Ss for the first four minutes .
Near " Taipus " , you could visit " Barra Grande " , where you can see the sunset at " Ponta do Mutá " and eat seafood overlooking the bay .
When they dropped their second album , I was so excited about it and I waited like 2 hours on the line of a music shop to get it . Years passed by , and I was still a fan of them , as I am now .
First of all , shopping is not satisfying when you are tired , or you are hungry , or maybe it is just your personality who does n't like crowds of people walking around .
In this period it 's mostly sunny and warm , but in the evening it gets a little cold and windy so bring some jumpers or sweaters ...
They played some music and started to skate with the rhythm . I was surprised , I had mixed feeling , and it was indescribable .
Second , TU - Clausthal has very good rating in engineering at many websites like ranking.zeit.de .
I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half so I was not as good as everybody else but that did not stop me .
Most of the time I like to watch comedies , love stories and adventure movies because these types of films can help me relax after a hard working day .
The Alhambra is a group of palaces , gardens and fortresses built by Muslims and occupied by them for over four centuries .
First , shopping complexes are full of branches of big chain - stores , so this can be boring to walk through them for a long time .
Moreover , cars release poisonous exhaust fumes and chemicals into the air , which mix with the water in the clouds , and the polluted rain , which later falls , damages trees , lakes and buildings .
I also think that there would be fewer people using public transport in the future but some will still be available because it wo n't be possible for everyone to afford to have a car or travelling by plane .
Immediately , I opened the box and found a short letter , saying : " Dear Jane , here 's the inheritance from your grandmother : her glass tea service ... "
For me it is not necessary because every seller gives the size of his product and then I can check if this thing will be good for me or not .
From 2008 to 2011 I was employed as a PR - manager at Limited Liability Company " Creatic "- agency on development of creative advertising .
But this is faulty reasoning : it accept the idea that a genius is always recognized on the basis that in history geniuses have always been recognized - which is not true , or at least is not demonstrable .
The buried secrets of past regimes and the foibles of the present one were exposed to public scrutiny by a press " - the New York Times wrote .
First of all , when children are small , they are polite and always listen parents , for example they are doing homework , going to sleep in regular hours and back home after school .
He adds the play ' Pyramus and Thisbe ' which is a bit like a mini play based on the storyline ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' as there are two lovers whose parents do n't permit their marriage .
However people nowadays look for a good design and not for quality , the big problem is that prize is against quality , even though a good designing of TV series on well known stores is the big option that we can choose to check .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he forget what he had to do after thinkig he rememebred that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her by his car as adoctor 's clinic far from her house peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street after he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the front of the street he apologized to her and asked her to come to the car , " never mind " she told and ride the car beside him .
So if the child is born in the first few months of the year , parents can choose when their child will start school at 6 years and few months or 7 years and few months .
I am writing to you regarding a job advertisement I saw on yesterday 's newspaper looking for an English - speaking person to work at weekends in your cafe .
That 's the reason for we have to do more exercise , eat less fat and more vegetables and teach our children to eat better and healthier than they are used to do .
The best known love story of all time - Romeo and Juliet - has been adapted a number of times for the cinema and also made into successful musicals .
Beyond my coursework , I have taken an active role in international volunteer activities for three years , in the last of which I coordinated projects from the beginning to end .
Now that they are back home , Paulina found out that her mom was in town , so by instinct she decided to go and visit her , as well his brother that has been evading her because she taunted him by being in love with his best friend , they are n't together anymore , but that was such a devastating thing .
Thus , I think I am the right person to work at any of your summer camps and I am sure you will be satisfied with my work .
But there are some disadvantages like stairs because we are at the second floor . We would like to keep fit but we have to use too many strairs to reach our classroom and that 's so annoying sometimes .
Because in order to deliver a successful industry project , I not only have to make a good product , but also have to be good at introducing my idea and persuading customers .
Let me conclude by saying that I would like to be Paula for one day because Not only is she a good professional but also a wonderful role model to be followed by everyone .
That is to say , most small stores may have their own logos on mugs or even T - shirts and it is more likely to find handmade products in it .
But at the same time we are working against Nature - let 's think of pollution and climate change - and against our own human nature : distress , allergies , strokes and heart attacks are nowadays more and more frequent .
This is an impressive way to document a change over many years , but on the other hand it is challenging to keep photographs in good condition .
To sum up , travelling by public transport can be advantageous when you travel inside a town , but when you have to travel outside your specific territorry , nothing is better than a car .
Nikita has shared with me his understanding of e - retail , analysis of sales channels , product strategy in online and offline mix .
I remember once in high school I had to make new friends and I was dubious about my situation and it was a great dilemma to choose the best ones .
Over the past few decades , human activities have changed global climate , hence we are facing higher risks of weather - related disasters .
The general dissatisfaction was perceived by the lecturer too , who pointed it out to the organizers who immediately started looking for an alternative venue .
Before addressing the question of what is better for young people , I would like to remind that both activities ( spending time on a computer and watching television ) are harmful for children's / teen 's health .
It was in my duty to make sure everything was running smoothly , according to the program and I had to supervise and direct the other assistants if any problems should occur .
In my opinion improving the practice of this sport will be a great investment for our community and will have a great impact on our health and in our everyday lives .
In our opinion , the area around the Grand Place is the most beautiful part of the centre of Brussels and what really attracts so many visitors worldwide each year .
It is well known that an image is better than a thousand words and that may be the reason for the success of television in a recent survey as the most important invention of the last 100 years .
As we all know , Hong Kong is famous for scarcity of land , there are not many parking spaces available , so employees may not be granted an official parking space by their company are hence may resort to public transport if they want to avoid the fees of using the parking lot .
The Internet has many good points : it 's an infinite source of information and it 's a cheaper and faster way to communicate with other people .
First of all , I would like to make it clear that " red " is not related to the colour only , this word also means " beautiful " in Russian .
He was really sad because the government was enforcing a law on banning new types of food , this had become a huge problem because more Americans were getting diabetes .
For example , it is difficult to find a good job or go to university after military service , because during the one or two years of service , soldiers do not develop any knowledge except military .
I read your article about technology and education in the newspaper yesterday and I am writing this letter because I strongly disagree with your personal opinion about teachers and education .
I 've copied my CV at the end of the letter and if you know somewhere where they need a native Spanish speaker , please , contact me .
If so , I recommend you to explore Stołowe Mountains - in my opinion it 's the most beautiful place in Poland .
And for anyone trying to become a good basketball players the two most important things to understand ( as it is for most sports in general ) are the values of practice and awareness .
Glitz , glamour and popularity ; three words which are often linked to the world of football and this sport in no doubt one of the finest that man has created .
( Taken from http://www.ancient-origins.net/ancient-technology/revolutionary-invention-wheel-001713 )
Due to the fact that I am studying to become a teacher , I have some more knowledge about this subject than any other people because I am in the school classroom every day and I face the reality of it every day .
And finally , the article states that free trade does not always lead to peaceful relationship between nations , but the lecturer draws attention to European common market set up after World War II .
But we must not forget about the marvelous acting of Johnny Deep ( as the mad hatter ) and Helena Bonham Carter ( as the red queen ) , with them the film would n't be the same .
I 'm thinking of an aqua park where you can not only swim but also take advantage of SPA , jacuzzi , sauna .
It is also important , though , not to underestimate all the educational possibilities that it gives you , as sometimes you can learn more from a documentary than from a school book .
In the third part of the questionnaire was found out that the male respondents are similar to the girl respondents in that they both enjoy listening to music at home more than 2 hours a day .
Once a day he met a girl called sarah she was 9 years old inspite of michael was bigger but sarah could control him.every day they went to the sea playing and swimming until the sun set .once a day sarah made a challange with michael about who can enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out from the other hole on the shore but michael was afraid .he was telling himself which animals could be there or is there were air there but he has no choice so he accepted the challange .sarah told him she will go first.she took a breath ... deep one and started to dive .
As a child who did not play with " boys ' toys " and identified as gay later , I was often subjected to disdain and hostility from peers and adults .
If yes , then you are one in the other 8.7 billion who have also drank under the legal drinking age . You may think that drinking underage will not do too much harm , but it can .
However , there might be a problem with the choice as not every secondary school offers e.g. Spanish or Italian , so students have to choose a language they do not prefer .
The two I have enjoyed the most are " The wolf of Wall Street " and " The Secret life of Walter Mitty " , or more simply " Walter Mitty " .
Why then there still be so many people who prefer to drive their own car instead of seat comfortably on the train or on the tube reading their favorite book on their way to work ?
As a result , many High School Students may not concentrate during classes , or whilst studying since they have many things on going through their heads ( since they 've been studying a lot ) .
I took the following subjects : Master 's degree final project II , Global Health , and Health Systems under the tutoring of Mr Montés .
So , overall I strongly recommend it if you like redemption stories , and if you want to learn some pieces of advice for your life .
China and India were almost of the same accessibility for the ordinary carpenter from Edinburgh as they were for his predecessor five centuries ago .
No matter what the fact was , or even it never happened , the story just wanted to emphasize the importance of Filial Piety .
If you do n't know how to kick or blow , ask your shifu ( teacher ) and keep doing it until you get it .
First , soccer is very famous game in the world and a lot of people like to play soccer and I try to play like them .
In this period of time , the Caucasian race felt superior to the Afro - Americans , they had the control and they were in charge of the political and economic activity , while the Afro- Americans did the hard work ; as shown in the movie , most of the men where in charge of the crops .
Once again please accept my compliments on a job well done I hope you find my suggestions helpful and I look forward toa n even more successful event next year .
Anyway , it must be taken into account that English courses are often very expensive , and you have to study in a constant way to improve class by class .
With respect to the international dispute over the Diaoyutai Islands , the Republic of China should consistently express willingness to resolve the issue on a peaceful manner in line with the principles of the UN Chart and international law .
Another advantage of cars is the fact that they are family friendly , meaning that people who use them do n't have to worry about travelling with strangers who might be dangerous .
I am so sorry to delaying your visit , which was planned months ago , however as I told you is not in my hand , but I feel like it was .
He had never worked but they had been living in a 40-room house with a huge garden and so many servants that she could not remembered their names .
Choosing a sport to practise is a complicated thing . You should choose something that you enjoy , but at the same time , something you can afford to pay for .
In the letter he complaints about the out - of - date system of schools in Italy and he made some suggestions about how this could be overcome by major educational reforms .
There are people who have never ridden a bicycle , and people who have never been on an airplane but it would be hard to find a person who has never been in a car .
Nowadays they have to work through a lot of issues while they are in their adolescence , they begin to have lack of self - esteem , depression , social pressure , and all this can cause a lot of problems .
Another phenomenon can be caused by global warming is the decrease of snow coverage in relation to glaciers melting ( van Aalst , 2006 , p. 7 ) .
If you are young you could walk fast , if you are old or not especially fit , you could start walking at a slow pace and with time improve your performance
If I am lucky I would apply for an interesting job , but I think that I will apply for a normal job such as barman , working on a factory , etc .
Maybe you will not get addicted to it as much as I am , but I 'm sure you will have a great time , and in the worst case you will have the chance to meet wonderful people .
So , naturally , about half of the teenagers and young adults prefer rock and roll , hard rock and progressive rock to other genres .
She was so excited and happy , she did n't kwen what could she write for her lover , she noticed that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you , i 'm pregnant , it 's a boy , if you let me his name will be Taylor as your fathers ' name , I have always loved you and I always will , do your best , come back as soon as you can because I need you , love Alison ' .
For me , learning a language is not only translating the forms to express oneself , but a way to understand how the native speakers describe and interpret this world .
Padel is my favourite sport because it is so easy to play for everyone and it is funny when you play with people who has the same level to you .
I 'm an outdoors person so I will be very happy with the accomodation . I would be very thankful to work for you if you decide to accept my application .
Everything started with some attacks here and there but no one really knew what was happening , so the attacks were tagged as " animal attacks " .
I think that this is not a usual sport , but it has the same advantages : it burn calories , improve circulation , is good for the bones and muscles ... Therefore is a really beautiful way to exercise and help you to improve flexibility .
He tells the boy that they are competing with others to win a tank , so the little Guiosué did n't realise what it 's really going on around him .
In the final exam Mr Michael caught Adam cheating and inform the school 's manager who suspended Adam from all other exams and forced him to repeat the year .
Finally , preparing supplementary for both the upper or lower level of students , so that the higher achievers can stay excited and challenged , while the lower achiever can also learn by their own pace of learning .
I have known Kadeer since 2012 , when he joined the faculty of Computers and Information , Fayoum University as an undergraduate student .
Looking after children is one of my favorite things to do and many people tell me I am good at it .
No need to make a fixed appointment with a friend in advance , as you can always agree to call each other once everyone is on the way .
Secondly , taking this into account , I think that everybody has the right of having a private life and the right of living without journalists following them to everywhere .
Imagining everyone had the opportunity to learn and therefore communicate with each other in a worldwide spoken language is certainly an appealing idea and would , without doubt , have many benefits .
My sole purpose is to help you enjoy the little things in your lives , appreciate the life and its simplicity with all its hidden fun and sad parts as well .
About six months later , I joined a computer class for kids in the same location that I took the English classes and since then , my love for computers and the language just grew .
For this reason , we are always involved in the project of improving the facilities for life , and one of the most important aspects of the project is the home .
Many victims believe that the additional trauma related to carrying their rapist child can be avoided by terminating the pregnancy , and therefore help them put the assault behind them and recover more quickly .
Kiyomizu temple was used many times as a background of a lot of Japanese novels , paints and historical dramas .
Many leaders believe that money is the best , however , from my own perspective , the non - financial rewards are the best approach to motivate employees and I will prove my opinion in this essay .
Given the experiences gained in the support services , many mathematics teachers have been equipped with necessary skills in identifying the learning needs of students and developing effective strategies for teaching NCS .
Do n't worry , I 'll try to make it easy for you to decide which is the option that suits you best .
I was trained as a PASS ( Peer Assisted Study Session ) leader for econometrics to provide some academic support to some younger students at my final year of study at Manchester .
According to Hamp ( 2002 ) , the goal of EAP ( English For Academic Purpose ) course is to teach students relevant study skills they need throughout their degree .
The reason why the government even take action is to ensure people are able to enjoy the internet , but a more tightly controlled internet would destroy that purpose .
The majority of people were of opinion that the site was clunky and hard to use and nearly two thirds of the participants considered that the design needs to be modernised .
The waiter , Anthony , knew him and they talked to each other about how their day had been , while he served him the usual beer .
Eco - tour is also promoted to educate the public and tourists to appreciate the beauty of nature and , above all , to arouse their awareness and cultivate a caring heart towards nature .
The British band announced that the album was coming with news , a new singer , Bruce Dickison , joined the group and made the fans completely astonished by his nice - sounding voice .
If you compare the price of petrol with the price of a bus ticket you can clearly see how much better it is to travel by bus .
The next day the waitress knocked once , twice , three times but no one answered , so she thought that the man might have gone out .
I worked as an Advocate ( Solicitor ) for a period more than four years and from those jobs I gained lots of experiences about minute taking , dealing with clients , arranging meetings and handling cases .
Therefore , I have decided that I am going to continue my postgraduate study and pursue a Ph.D. degree to work as a teacher at a university .
So , if you tell a secret to your sister or your cousin , it 's almost obvious that they are n't going to spread it .
This affects people 's lives considerably , so we can say that in 50 years , the lifestyle will be completely different to what we have today .
The statement claims that the educational institutions are responsible for convincing students not to put too much effort on fields or subjects that they are not good at , which I can not agree with .
The second thing is that if you are in trouble you 'll feel better than usual because of well - known dramas based on factual stories which happened to the famous people .
One of our seniors workers will retire in a month and therefore As I 'm in charge of the Human Resources department has to start the search of a new employee .
I would love to improve both my practical knowledge about renewable energies and my English level , and I firmly believe that the Erasmus internship programme could be the best option for me to achieve these targets .
Lastly if the use of public transport decreases drastically or stops many people will be unemployed , they could not win more money and buy cars for going from one place to another .
Luxurious homes , cars , expensive clothes and other pleasures of life are then available when people become famous .
In most cases , these fluids are toxic to humans and animals , and can pollute waterways if they leak from a vehicle or are disposed incorrectly .
Basically the two rely on the same methods : burning pellets to warm up a fluid ( air for the stove and water for the boiler ) .
Second , author claimed that the sanitation problem caused by skateboarded users is not only happen by specific person , whenever more customers should bring more waste and wrongdoing .
That 's always important when you meet someone for the first time , but especially when you come to a job interview .
Moreover , the group in California may do work in one way and a group in India do same work differently , so it will be challenging to bring both of them to the same way of getting things done .
I remember the first time that I saw his videos , I did n't write his last name correctly and I could n't find him on YouTube .
He did n't do it for her , he only did it for himself , to get rid of his burden but it was far too late .
During the whole school year a great number of exhibitions , concerts and performances are given by pupils themselves and by invited musicians and artists as well .
Although I prefer the academic field , working in a company related to software design and creation would be a marvellous way of gaining experience in the field .
Each year , we encourage school - going children to plant trees to teach them the importance of trees in safeguarding our environment so that they can grow up to be responsible towards the environment .
So , we were trying to save time until we managed to escape , but Niall did n't make it to escape , as they caught him when he stumbled and fell down .
Next I started to read books such as the Harry Potter series and books by George R. R. Martin .
Parents and children should be informed about the use of drugs and junk food consumption , in order to raise awareness and improve their quality of life .
Meanwhile , we embrace a superordinate Shenzhen identity , which is characterized by a culture of openness , tolerance , and creativity .
Winning or losing is up to you when you play singles , and you know you have to do your best to achieve the best score .
It seems that there is not many places in city center where you can find souvenirs like postcards or books about the history of Katowice .
Another important point is the necessity of approval by some some indigenous groups or people that emigrate from the countryside to the city in order to get a better lifestyle .
More time that you do n't have that assistance is going to be more difficult improve your style and enjoy swimming more because if you really know how to swim are going to have more resistance in the water .
In the past , it was the norm for people to live in a limited geographical area all their lives and be involved in the same type of occupation all their working lives .
Furthermore , you are not accompanied by some silly passengers or difficult persons during your trip as you will relish your trip with some adorable friends , nice family 's members or close colleagues that you have chosen .
Firstly , when we do not have enough time in the morning to go shopping , we have to do it in the evening when most people go and buy things they need .
All these tasks can be completed within a month , and I would be glad to be involved in the improvement of our website , as it is an important aspect of our work , because it represents the company , and representation is key when attracting clients is concerned .
I think I can be the right person for this job , I 'm really patient and I really liove to be with kids , play with them and taking care of them , I always have fun with them .
This TV series is presented by Netflix , an online service that allows its subscribers to view any TV Show , anywhere , and in any device .
Whether they like it or not , they should be prepared for photographers and journalists trying to chase them in every single moment of their life .
In contrast , interactive learning may bring some advantages but it can also makes children antisocial , because they learn on their own without the need to be in the school with other people .
Finally , concerning the bedroom colours , I believe the walls should be painted of a light colour , like white , beige or , maybe a light green . The ceiling could be the same colours as the walls or , perhaps , a darker hue than they .
On the other hand , if children are not allowed to keep a pet , the parents will have to come up with other ways to make the children both responsible and sympathetic .
First of all , I have to admit I am addicted to shopping and I really like that there is such an extensive shopping area in our town .
It seemed that the man in the wheelchair was looking for something but suddenly , he took a couple of books and put into a hidden pocket in his wheelchair .
Lancaster is situated close to the Irish Sea und just around the corner you will find the stunning lake District with its romantic lakes and peaks .
It meaning Tuesday night of week and take place on last Tuesday night of the year .at this night people make a bonfire and jump over the fires and say to fire : I give you my sign of sickness(yellow color)and you give me your healthy sign ( red color)and eat some special foods .
It 's six months since I started teaching gymnastic in a primary school near Milan and I discovered that children are more competitive and honest than adults and I appreciate this .
at this point you merely have a brief look at your whole life , many questions spinning in your head , accusing yourself of being a lost cause , wishing if you could turn the clock back,,but it 's all no good ..
Michael was confused , he did n't know why he had dreamed that , he thought it would be better to forget about it so he stopped thinking about his dream .
So in order to transport a huge number of visitors who are not only foreigners but also native people , the government and experts have to think some different ways to solve this problem .
The Home of the Future - in what ways homes will be different in the future and in what ways will be the same ? I think that is many reasons to consider both of this options .
In addition , most of greenhouse gas emissions can affect the atmosphere for decades , which might cause marine monsoon inaccessibility to mainland resulting in low rainfall .
Another reason is that here in Mexico , in some cities you ca n't use your car in specific days , so if you do not have another car , you have to use public transportation .
As for my personality , I would like to mention that I am a funny person who enjoys telling jokes , making people laugh and even getting dressed as a clown to entertain others .
They did not have a chance to receive any kind of education at all , it was absolutely forbidden , and that is why they could not aspire to more important jobs .
Its surroundings are also wonderful , and the city invites you to spend more time in the Alhambra , one of the last Muslim palaces in the word .
By the way , my boyfriend will finish PhD program this summer :-) , and then he needs to do compulsory military service begin 7th August for one year .
Only after driving for a while I would ask him to tell me what he 's been up to lately and if there 's anything he hasn't told me about but keen to mention now .
People who break the law , should be ordered to work in community in order to pay for their misdeeds , when they have done a minor offence or if they have acted unintentionally .
On the one hand , I personally think that the desire to become famous is a great driving force that stimulates people and brings a lot of benefits to others in its wake .
My name is Arturo Archuleta , I 'm from Mexico and I 'd like to talk about my favorite sport , " Muay Thai " .
The reasons for Greece 's terrible economic situation are that Greece has surrender its currency sovereignty to the European Central Bank , by which Greece could not apply monetary policy to spur its economy , and the Greek government is very corrupted so that Greeks could easily dodge taxes .
By the way , if you haven't seen this romantic , funny , well - acted and well - scripted film yet ; give it a try !
I do n't want to lost weight , I want to keep it , and I want to eat my favorite dessert , if I want ...
I consider myself well equipped to take up the challenge offered by the post due to my capacity to work under pressure as well as my ability to work in teams .
I agree with the statement that people 's live will change dramatically in the next years , for previsible reasons that I will explain in following text .
This point of view is based on , for example , that you shares an important bond with your family or that you know everything about some members , like your cousins and they know everything about you .
If the weblog - writers prefer presenting the world from their own angle , through using the first person pronoun , or tell their stories through the readers ' eyes , by involving other grammatical subjects , is among the focuses of this study .
These causes also had a negative impact on two regions that were analysed , in Europe and Oceania , and , consequently , these areas had higher rates in terms of total land degreaded .
It divides sheet of bank notes into three types , which are good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets or bank notes separated into good and bad and bad sheets .
I think I would be a suitable person for the job as I love organising activities for the little ones and spending time with them as well as preparing different types of meals .
On the other hand , we can get more information about our known and unknown people who are our friends by facebook , uploading photos at any time , taking a coffee , watching a football match or spending summertime somewhere .
While the man was climbing the mountain , the bird pecked at Jonas who , worried , did n't know what to do .
This is the first text I would like to write on this website . I think this is a good idea to contribute to English language research and improve my skill at the same time .
The system , which was in practice since the British rule , was modified under the ' Special Provision Ordinance ( Criminal Provisions 11 ) of 1968 ' .
It is difficult to think about Paris without its Eiffel tower ( it was built several years after the revolution ) , but I 'm sure it was a gorgeous city as it is nowadays .
He has given me a large amount of motivation , which led me to come all the way from Canberra to Melbourne to perform in this concert .
Since he had entered the building he have had a strange feeling , when he arrived to his office Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
This essay will discuss the current social consequences of robotics in the area of education , and then conclude by commenting on its possible future implications .
No . I think that I can depict this one American man within a certain period of time , but it is impossible to write the truth since I have never seen him alive . I can write subjectively and my observations of him through the Internet will be distorted by my own life , experience and surrounding I live in .
The main advantage of having your own transport is that you do not have to wait for the public transport , you can save your time as you only need to accelerate your own transport and drive to your destination .
I 'm so glad to hear from you and I also would like you to know that your idea to our new school project is really interesting .
I have a wonderful family , made up of my father , my mother and my two siblings ( a sister and a brother ) , both older than me .
Furthermore , the I - BLOCKS application could also build structures of robots which are smart to react to surroundings , and build binary expression to calculate in real - time and show both final results and sub - results ( Lund , Marti , & Palma , as cited in Nielsen & Lund , 2008 ) .
So , resuming what I was saying , I would place two or three bookcases , filling the remaining space this way .
The only problem was that it seemed nothing was going to work on his favour , the servers had crashed and he was the one who had to fix it .
From my point of view , the best thing the police can do with these people is send them to a reformatory until they can leave disciplined .
Moved by this little boy 's filial devotion , his stepmother changed her attitude and started to love him from her deep heart .
I think I ca n't compare education of children in school or tertiary education between Bulgarian and Australia , because I still do n't have children and I am not studding in university in Australia .
On the one hand , travelling by car can be an excellent way to move yourself for where you want to go , without going on foot to find your bus station and becomes less important if you live in the centre of your town or in the suburbs .
That evening she met with a local guide she was invited to taste the local food and to dance with the traditional clothes of that friendly civilization .
The aim of this report is to inform the committee about the wishes of the students who took part in the survey that was conducted lst week in our school .
The strength of the movie relies on the goofy , loving , eccentric character played by Begnini , his exceptional comic talent and his ability as director to deal with such delicate topic like Nazism while managing to drive through a thick line bettween comedy and drama .
Needless to say , I greatly enjoyed this time as it made me feel as if I were part of their life and of the place .
In my opinión running is one of the most helpful sports when it comes to start moving and getting fit , in particular for those people who have not been doing any kind of physical activity for a long time .
Mala Sauce is a spicy flavor and it is very authentic and you will rarely find this taste in another restaurant .
First of all , if they are staying in České Budějovice , they can spend there at least three days with sightseeing .
In conclusion , shopping can be and usually is a great opportunity , not only to expand contents of your wardrobe , but also , to relax and spend a great time .
I have two kids they go to school , I would like to join English course in the morning from 10 am to 2 pm of anyweekdays . I want to start the course as soon as possible .
i have been practicing gymnastics during 4 months and fascinated with it , i like to be tired for doing stunts , and I also feel very healthy because I exercise daily , if its not gymnastics it 's kung fu .
In this era , there are many types of public transport using by people , for example : bus , train , monorail , light - rail - transit ( LRT ) , taxi , and so on .
Louis had to pay the window and also clean the school 's canteen for two months , but he realized that what he did was wrong so he apologised to Lucas .
After eight o'clock , a professional band of musicians start playing traditional Japanese music and it can be a bit loud .
A lot of people are afraid to ride a bike in cities because they fear the massive presence of cars and think they will be crushed .
Surely , the government will try to make a better system of public transport because they want citizens not to use their own means .
As someone who has played this sport for ages , my advice to people starting this sport is : get right equipment , find friendly team , and enjoy the game .
My name is Alex Yegorov and I am writing to request information about qualification requirements for obtaining a skills assessment in order to submit my Expression of Interest in SkillSelect .
I think that , as Robert once recommended , we should discuss the whole spectrum of our cooperation , not just the seminars , define the feasible components and have a WJC - WO MOU on such subject signed .
Trucks have made the air unhealthy for people to breathe and poisonous gas is given off by a lot of factories .
On the one hand owning a car means independence , so that , we can travel anywhere we want , whenever we want without being tied down to a set timetable and furthermore , it is certainly more comfortable than public transport .
The main character is Joe , a looper who has to face an older version of himself sent back in time to be killed .
I was walking alone around the noisy and crowded playground , looking for my very first friend , when I saw a quiet girl under a tree .
Unless you get a job in that year , to keep you busy , or do whatever that keeps you focused and gives you a routine , you should n't take a year off at all .
I am also aware that they are reckless , so I recently attended a First Aid course , which has given me the confidence to deal with emergency situations .
Of course I do not count running indoors , but only outdoors , while the breeze is blowing in one 's face during the exercise .
Friday , I spent the day with my mom and later I went to a friend 's house with Juanca , Oliver , and others .
Thanks to this event , people have learned to work as a team , improved their self - esteem and developed their social skills .
there was this amazing beach , we could hire paddle boards , snorkel gear , kayaks and other fun water things . and one day my mom and I went out early and hired a kayak and went out on the water and we saw sea turtles .
First I would like to thank you for your interest in our little town , and we will guarantee you a very warm welcome on the day of your arrival .
For instance if you plan to stay more than one week in Zermat in Wallis , think to try to find a place where you could help in a restaurant or a shop .
Not only does my teaching experience suit the needs of your school and department , but my research interests also fit perfectly with your description of the ideal candidate .
The last film I saw was " The Enormous Island " so I am going to review it for the students film club .
For example , if people know that by using bus and subway , they can save enough money to take a free holiday each year , many more individuals would be persuaded to travel in this way .
This is a difficult question to be answered too quickly because we have to take into account that we have not enough knowledge at all to do it .
She was just about to open the door to check the inside when suddenly a scream echoed from the house , the door slammed open and the group started running at full speed chased by four big spiders who just discovered that their home had just been occupied .
It seems to me that school programmes would make young people be encouraged to keep fit because in this way , they do their favourite sport in a routine way .
Holidays , to me , are our chance to eliminate stress and panic from our system and improve our level of comfort .
I favor the former statement , that is , I think student should have a gap year before they go to university , based on n1 , n2 .
It has a tower of 70 meters with a viewpoint on the top , and it is famous for its big flag and the crypt in tribute to Manuel Belgrano .
As I am a member of the Robotics Team , I went to school for 3 days during the summer holiday to prepare for a competition on fourth of October .
I believe my interdisciplinary teaching style , particularly my emphasis on material culture , would fit in well with the interdisciplinary nature of your English department .
According to article " Nonverbal Communication : Speaking without Words " , eye contact is important because " insufficient eye contact can create communication barriers " .
This speaks of the idea of the government or another organization having the control over houses and their furniture and making the people living there only the owners of their own goods .
The purpose of this report is to suggest ways which will contribute to increasing the number of foreign learners in the school and to make recommendations for future improvements .
I still remember the first day we went to attend a soccer lesson you promised me you never give up!. You dreamt of becoming a professional player and decided what your life would be like once you reached it .
I can also help organise any activity , as I have previously worked in a summer camp in my town with children between the ages of six and ten years old .
The English language is a foreign language for me , but I have studied it for ten years and hopefully I will manage to pass the exam .
I am very glad to read this good news , it is the first step for the final result and I will try to do my best to give you useful information for your interview .
5 ) How would you describe your English knowledge level on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Being a student of economics in this town ( expecting to graduate next year ) I am currently searching for a job at weekends .
Anyway , " Atrio " is not just a fine food restaurant , but it is a five - stars hotel in the middle of the old town .
Secondly , I would like to mention that I agree with the experiment that is taking place in some districts about permitting students use their mobile phones for educational purposes , and what is more , with Richardson 's facing this issue .
In the first quarter , we can see that sales rose , in the second quarter , sales went up but in the third quarter , sales were unchanged .
Those who hold that nature has a stronger influence than nurture on developing our personal identity will claim that certain personality traits are also determined by our genes .
So , my opinion is that public transport does have the future . Travelling by car is convenient but public transport has undeniable benefits for long lasting life as well .
During the time I spent coaching , organizing and helping in the kitchen , I learn that the most important thing is to keep a positive attitude and always motivate them in every step of the way .
For example , in Bulgaria , people who lay down and relax on the grass in the park are sent to jail for 6 years , because they are considered " doing serious damage to the environment and preventing the park from further development " .
" I realized about this fact last December when I cut my finger while I was cooking and I sucked the blood that was flowing from the wound " .
The mayor , in collaboration with Lipor , distributed leaflets with information on " How to deal with household rubbish " .Each leaflet explains how to separate the home rubbish .
Cooper made mobile phone history in April 1973 when he made the first ever call on a handheld mobile phone
All in all , public transport should be an indispensable part of our future plan because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by cars , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice for the betterment of our future society with the severe environmental issues .
They are Group A : ten medical students aged 19 - 27 who only had general knowledge about surgery , and Group B : four experienced surgical postgraduates .
But there are a lot of funny stories , like Phoebe having her stepbrother 's children , or Joey becoming a great soap opera actor .
On the one hand Scout acts very impulsive and is an obstreperous tomboy but on the other hand she is very clever and more adult than others in her age .
" I was 40 years three weeks ago , I feel motivated to train , while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I have no an exact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship of falls from height .
And for some people it does n't really matter if it was found out that someone was in a bar for example as long as their films are really worth watching .
Cortisone injections are also helpful , these injections can improve everything ; decrease swelling , stiffness and pain .
I hope that I get the chance to complete my study at your university and to gain practical experience in one of the greatest industrial countries in the world .
From September 11 to September 14 , I did nothing besides watching TV , taking care of my little sister Ellie and chat with my friends .
Most of the students at Laura 's new school do not talk to her they are a little bit too cautious about interacting with her .
I think it could be suitable for my class because it has two halls and one of them is always used for big groups of people , like us , the service is really rapid and in front of the restaurant there 's a beautiful square where we can have a drink while watching the typical Neapolitan evening .
But it was too illogical to be true ; the good thing was that he was n't the one that would go and fish , which will be the leader .
After that , these notes are going to get printed , which includes coloring them on both sides and raising the images with special ink .
The company immediately replied telling him that they were sorry if they did n't reply days earlier , but they could n't since the system crashed and did n't allow them to send electronic mail , just to receive .
She started to be a little bit nervous , she was n't able to find any solution when , suddeny , she remembered that Michael 's art had the features requested by her clients .
Once he got to the laboratory where the pancake was made , he told the mad scientist that he wanted to eat his waffle .
So you will become one of the most famous player all over the world and you will win a lot of tennis tournament , including the four slam : the Australian Open , the Us open , the Roland Garros and the Wimbledon .
When we arrived we were on the other side of the city of New York the features were so common because it was a good economic and conveniently because would attract more tourists .
Last but not least , I hope I can learn to work effectively under any circumstances as a team member or a team leader by the end of this course .
For those people who want to combine fun and health , a good solution could be the running , which is a free , competitive and complete sport .
On Monday and Thursday I dance at a dance - school here , close to " Mörby Centrum " , called C - style .
If private transport was fully replaced by public transport , the world 's economic foundations would shake and a global financial crisis of unprecedented impact could occur .
Could we ever think of such dream coming true ? All this is beyond my imagination and understanding , whereas the use of new technologies could be used to give the world a much better healthy environment and less egocentric .
Many drivers were able to move their vehicles only 1 km per day , and some drivers reported being stuck in the traffic jam for five days .
Nowadays , we really focus on how we can extract this energy , but not in other important things , like the way that we can start to use it , the correct use that we could give them or how we can reuse the energy .
On the other hand , public transport is not so accepted in small villages , as it is not possible to offer a wide range of services and timetables .
With all things considered , the bottom line is that Cruise & Co have delivered what has to be considered as the finest film in the series yet .
With this method , learners are simply exposed to the target language , either by going abroad to live in the country where it is spoken , or by having a native teacher .
The day after , I was thinking deeply and just realized that I was wrong and should not hurt him because I was angry .
In terms of the communication society , they will possibly change the way in which people develop relationship with each other , and consequently , they will create two types of culture : communal and agentic .
My heart nearly stopped beating . I turned and noticed that the man was not speaking to me , but to the child .
As a conclusion you can say public transport will have its use even in the future . While going by car may be more comfortable from time to time , the reasons I stated above lead me to the conclusion that public transport is necessary .
On the other hand , his wife , his not - so - lovely wife , always angry and cold as ice , was waiting for him at home .
She 'd cook the best tortilla , paella and all of the typical Spanish dishes that I 've ever eaten .
To further improve my Chinese , I enrolled for the Post - Intermediate Mandarin class during my undergraduate study , in which I achieved a First - Class result .
Sarah could have never imagined that the sneaky boys were hidden inside the abandoned house waiting for her entrance with eggs and tomatoes in their hands , ready to smash them onto her face .
Over 190 national teams compete in qualifying tournaments within the scope of continental confederations for a place in the finals .
So , next time when you try to avoid a book , think first whether you need that your brain works faster or be more creative , because could be a good idea to exercise a little bit your brain with reading .
It 's a free buffet so you can take everything you want … there are chips , pizza , all types of pasta and then there 's a lot of desserts and there 's no food limit haha .
governments should take care of public transport they should save means of entertainment peoples should keep them clean and safe if they use it carelessly it will be useless Now There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
At that time I was unemployed so I was n't able to move house and as I was n't afraid of it I had to put up with those strange events .
The next morning we visited Siracusa and in the afternoon we went to Ortigia island where we had a little bit of free time .
Namely , parents always do things for children , such as housework , homework , even taking care of the pets for their children .
A lot of travelers and climbers come to climb the mountain and more than 200,000 people climb to the top of Mt .
The strange girl who was sitting next to him was listening to music and looking outside trying to ignore the details that Michael was sharing with his parents .
Once you know for yourself how comfortable it is to have a car , there 's very little chance you will go back to public transport .
Although educated people in the past had the same desire to learn as educated people today , those who were considered educated in the past would be considered less educated today .
Also our water has one of the best purification methods after we use it we clean it so we do n't contaminate the water of the river or dam .
I believe I 'm a good candidate for this job because I have passed the FCE examination and in a few months I will be taking CAE exam .
I 'm sorry I haven't written for ages , but I was very busy with the school project I had to do this month .
After thinking a lot about the positives and negatives aspects of this question , refers also to the quality of hers teaching methods and the time she had to spend preparing the math topics in English , Emily decided to accept the challenge and to engage herself in this new adventure .
The aim of this report is to describe the training course that I was attending last month , for a week and the activities in which I was involved during this period of time .
Which areas of my writing would I like to improve and did the free writing presentations helped me with my writing process ?
It includes domes , cupolas , arches , towers , and spires is sure to inspire you every bit as much in real life as in the photos .
Do you think a wall mural is a good decision for the bedroom and what other « special effects » would you recommend ?
As you will see from the enclosed CV , I hold a master 's degree in the Project Management from The Russian Presidential Academy of National Economy and Public Administration .
I 'm available to start the course immediately and I want both an eight - week intensive course and an one - month summer course in August , when I 'll be on holiday and besides I 'd like to learning in small groups because the teacher can focus on his pupils better .
Additionally , I would like also to point out some of my personal qualities and values I believe that are extremely important in this profession such as very high motivation to learn and educate in this field more , great responsibility and reliability , furthermore , I am also very dedicated to achieving any planned results and goals as well as possession of well developed communication skills etc .
I am very interested in this management trainee - marketing position with your corporation , and believe that my education and employment background are appropriate for the position .
The only difference is that they use different resources to keep in touch , such as emails and messages , instead of writing letters , which took much time to arrive .
But it was n't enough , the fact of the matter was that I ignored that being self- employed entailed self - sacrifice , devoting my time , energies and a great deal of patience with the customers , it was so hard!.
In the first place , robotics activity could provide learners with real situations which are related to irrelative courses , especially in scientific and medical ones .
If you want to lose weight this type of sport is perfect because it belong into the aerobic exercises to burn the calories that we get eating fast food whereas it is suitable to people that only just doing exercise to entertainment .
First of all we can define ourselves " slaves of the technology " because now we all have a telephone that have lots of functions and that turn us away from real life .
Friends do not have to share the same opinion on every topic , however , they should respect and support each other even if they disagree .
The show starts with the eldest daughter , who lives with her mother trying to contact her father to ask him to be a part of her wedding ceremony .
I am looking for a job in the USA to improve my English and to gain more experience working with children as I want to become a primary school teacher .
In addition , the price of watching television for a whole month is much lower than the price of tickets for the cinema to watch a film for only two hours .
As a result , more new relationships are created , people get more chance to co - ordinate in business and help each other in life .
Now we are spending too much time in waiting for public transport and of course we would like to get our destination as fast as possible , but public transport does n't provide such possibility for us .
The greater amount of money has already been collected thanks to the trustee board of " NNN " community , but we still need additional $ 13000 .
This is followed by an animated discussion in English , accompanied by drinks from the coffee bar , which is open late , of course !
We all know that the Roman Empire affected a lot Italian culture and history , in fact if you want to go on a tour around the most beautiful cities in the country , you should definitely go to Florence , Venice , Naples and many others ..
You come back and dinner is cooked , all your favourite programmes are recorded and ready to watch , Your bath is full of hot water and you can just relax .
I try to never let my personal problems interfere in my professional life , and if it does some day , I would ask you to tell me , so I can change .
His main task was to collect letters from abroad and to hand them to THE postmen WHO WERE in charge of DELIVERING them to THE addressees .
The role of Suleyman is played by Turkey 's most famous actor Halit Ergenc and he 's amazing at it .
Raising people 's awareness of pollution and how we must have a more sustainable existence is what makes us look for other less selfish and handy options .
When you take a train , you can read and feel like Phileas Fogg in " Around the world in 80 days " .
In conclusion , while salary still plays a role and certainly affects people 's choice of profession , I believe that money does not outweigh all the other factors .
Waiting at the bus station for our next bus after just roughly missing the last one , being stuck in the middle of a crowd trying to reach the same train as everyone else , does n't make us life any easier at all .
The food they eat like ' apricocks'(3:1:152 ) and ' mulberries ' ( 3:1:153 ) sound exotic as well as not being our daily meals or snacks which also shows another contrast between the humans and fairies .
Cars are n't cheep and if you think that is easier to move form one place to another when you have a car , you have got a point but there is a lot of considerations which you should occur like : gas , insurance or parking cost .
Let 's take into consideration the last sentence , " It 's something I experience , but that 's not where I live . "
What is equally important and adds to the importance of fame is that somebody 's desire to be famous can have a triggering effect on others .
In addtion , farmers , huntsmen , fishermen and any other people that are used to living by such areas have to move to cities and try to find new jobs .
It was a small job in the local cinema and my main task was to help people find their places and help them with all the food they had .
Sometimes , you feel that you do n't want to do it , but believe , once you put on your shoes , things change and you enjoy the running as you do it all the time .
The instructor dropped me back to the gas station and from there I took a bus to Princeton and from there I transferred to another bus to my home .
My favorite restaurant is a restaurant in Stockholm at Östermalm called : " New Peeking " it 's an Asian buffé and they make the best food .
I think that public transport has a future , indeed travel in car is much more comfortable , because you do n't have to walk to take a bus or the underground .
On April 29 , 2014 St. Petersburg state University hosted the round table " Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations at the modern stage " .
I am writing in reply to the article about the usage of mobile phones at high school which was published in your newspaper on Monday 12th of September .
Lastly there are sports dedicated malls , which are velocity in Novena , Kallang mall and Queensway mall .
The Britain Gary Hunt already secured the prize of this series and from the second to the sixth place will be disputed with the Russian Artem Silchenko , the American Steven LoBue , the Colombian Duque , the Britain Blake Aldridge and the Mexican Paredes .
Nor when her condition appeared to worsen and I decided to go get the car to take her to the doctor 's office , nor when I returned to find her lying on the cold hard stone floor of the church could I have ever imagined we would be enjoying a quiet evening together sharing entrees and desserts .
And when they had nothing to quench their thirst and hunger with , she used to invent imaginary worlds where they are wealthy and do n't have a thought in the world .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother go above through the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic after they arrived they found that they have to stay aperiod of time to take his turn they waited and then their turn came .they entered the doctor and the doctor was very kind he welcomed them and after check peter 's grandmother .
But if visitors want something more than a typical souvenir , they can visit canteens or a bar where are set tango shows and take they own pictures or even buy a CD with the traditional music from Buenos Aires .
To get to the place they were holding the workshop in you had to come to the Chester Beatty library and then the guides arrived and led you to it .
It is n't only that he 's a very good player ( He is :D ) but also , thanks to his style of play , his assists , and points has served as a lever to his team that has improved dramatically .
Jiu - Tian Folk Arts Group is a group of people who are good at our traditional performance , which is " imitate the faces and pose as gods " .
If you want to see my reports I can send you whenever you want or if you prefer to ask my teachers about me I can send you their phone numbers in case you want references from my job .
This film 's Soundtrack , ' See You Again ' , was composed by Wiz Khalifa and dedicated to Paul .
If the educational institutions always stopped students from trying just because they have less chance to be successful , we 'll never have people such as Thomas Edison or Albert Einstein , who were considered as stupid kids in school but did n't give up trying .
It 's a website which allow me to taste food from around the world without moving from my city , at the same time that you can speak different languages and meet new people .
Besides I needed to take care of my little sister Ellie , who is very cute and funny and right now she is always trying to get up and stand and walk .
According to our mayor , there are several points that our town really cares about to always keep our area as clean as possible .
By performing this exercise perfectly , he became the World Champion this year ( and he also won the gold medal at the Olympics of 2012 ) .
Apart from that the town is near the beach , and there we have many restaurants where you can eat while you are watching the waves on the sea .
I would say if you know how and when to use a TV it is good but specially for young people who think it is a good entertainment to watch the whole day .
It 's an excellent idea , of course we should go , I bet there are lots of things to do so we can have a great time .
There , I studied Geology , when I finished my degree I decided to move to Aberdeen in order to improve my English and travel around Scotland .
I have a strong belief that being multilingual is essential for working in the financial industry and Mandarin is an important language for working in Asia - Pacific countries .
On the one hand , an advantage of studying in your own country is that you would be able to share with people with the same problems during their learning process as you .
After you finish studying , you will have to immediately start working unless you want to live with your parents for the rest of your life .
Nowadays , Public Transport has become a very important way to go to work , to travel to other cities , or to simply go to visit a friend to the other side of the city .
My first degree gave me a good track record in physiology and anatomy , and the experience , as a biological sciences ' student and as a research fellow , allowed me to build a scientific thinking .
As a writer - to - be I admire her work creating a fantastic world of magic and epic as well as dark characters which are recognizable all around the globe .
But now , every second that passed after that monumental moment just made him feel worse and worse about himself , making second thoughts about whether he should have stayed with Marianne or not .
In the North of Spain the weather is colder than the rest of the country , for this reason , the water of the beaches is very cold and it is very difficult to swim there .
This is one of my favourite actor because , when he is recording a film he assume his role passionately and that is really important for a good actor .
But it is also because of these set of beliefs , mostly of religious origins , that some societies fail to evolve and respond to the ever - changing needs of all of their people .
My studies in tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score all worldwide , but also has to many good things , for example we have a lot of interchanges all around the world , when you have the opportunity to do an interchange you have to deal with the language and the culture with the other country , that means you have to be responsible for studying the basics things of that country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .
But do n't worry , as long as you 're willing to regain it , no matter what it takes , you will find it again " .
• 40% of those interviewed , most of which have proven to be young people , declared they watch English - language TV programmes at least five times a week ;
However , it is estimated that at least 70% of young kids do not take care of their personal rubbish and are the main contributors to a polluted environment .
Ali , an unemployed father in his mid-20s who is struggling to make ends meet and support his young son , saves Stephanie and helps her get back on her feet .
It was a fantastic weekend because we visited some places : Sagrada Familia , Guell Park ... and we walked by the promenade .
In Lanjarón as in the rest of the villages and towns people are getting used to buying and consuming much more than they used to do in the past .
He does n't think about things that I , a mere mortal does , like whether or not there is food on my teeth , and death .
Two days before Peter received a letter of someone saying to meet her / him in the treehouse at 5 o'clock .
Fossil fuels are our most common energy source , even though , they produced a terrible effect on global warming on account of releasing gases into the atmosphere .
It is a great life stage but at the same time is difficult , sometimes teenagers have problems with their families , with themselves , as a result they do n't know whah to choose .
Michael the big man , who can do everything in the whole damn world , except care of his keys , I guess ... "
Although government strict so many laws and taxes in the people how do not pay their taxes to the council for cleaning of the rubbish from towns and villages , in the biggest polluted city in the world people started to use bicycles and cycling instead of driving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city , also they invented different ways to plant even every little area which can be planted to keep their city clean and attractive .
Since my younger child moved out last year I have a lot of free time , so I would love to spend the summer working in one of your camps .
The reputation for stability and consistency and the global leadership in mezzanine finance are my main reasons for applying to ICG .
It was a cold night of November I was exploring a lost temple with my friend Michael , we have been looking for that temple since our teen years the temple of the silent cartographer .
For example , when a popular film star goes to hospital because of his relative 's illness , reporters and photographers in particular should stay away and leave the celebrity alone .
First of all , I would like to point out that I have some experience in the area , since I have worked as a group leader before .
Eight months working in the industry as an assistant mechanical design engineer gave me the very basic concept of mechanical design .
Due to the massive construction of five - star hotels on beaches , the biological chain there are cut off and enviromental variations are gone away .
Michael rushed to his bedroom with a fatal mixture of fear and adrenaline in his system , only to see his box of pills on the ground and the sound of muffed but heavy breathing coming from behind the door .
This might suggest that being surrounded by people at work with whom we need to socialize would have more of an effect on our emotions .
" Educational institutions have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing fields of study in which they are unlikely to succeed . "
This story tells us that sometimes we can not control ourselves , but we should be alone and think positively or take a deep breath , and these will make us calm down .
For example , it should be noted that , recent studies by WHO has revealed that obese people are prone to bullying and there is rise in number of cases of heart attacks among young people with obesity .
In conclusin , I think that all of us should see through rose -tinted glasses and be happy , because you live a calm life without anything makes you sorry .
Doing sport is very important in our lives . We need to do more sports to make us healthy .
We hope that our explanations and apologies will make you change your mind and that you give us another chance in the future to provide you with a much more delightful experience .
I have been playing tennis since I was 5 ! I think it 's a great way to relax and also to do physical exercise .
The pie chart share illustrates the projected market share of Mango Co.,Jack&Jones Co.and others companies in jeans at the end of next year . Jack&Jones Co.will get 30% of the projected market share in jeans , Mango Co. take 20% of it .
Only then did we realize we had lost our way , we had not been paying attention to our path , the only thing we could do was to go back .
Having said this , however , I think that there are many other factors which are even more important than colour for people when they buy something .
Grandma 's food is great and I spend days staying outside , playing badminton or volleyball or having a walk in the wood .
I believe that my experiences in marketing and interpersonal skills make me a prime candidate for this position . I am a diligent worker , and passionate about my work . I will be a valuable asset to your company and will use this as an opportunity to grow and further the development of my marketing skill set .
For all of you who have kids you will also be interested in the different areas which take care of them for free as much time as you need .
Right now people are starting to buy hydraulic cars which is more eco friendly and cheaper because you do n't need to spend money in gas .
However , as long as you can afford it and you 're provided with patience and enthusiasm , you should n't miss the opportunity to play this amazing sport .
Suddenly , Peter started to run , while he ran , he looked at his watch , over and over again as if by looking at his watch time would stop .
But , lets face it doing these things is not as wonderful as discovering magic powers , being kidnapped by aliens or singins a song with Justin Timberlake and Lady Gaga .
Online learning has become a modern phenomena in order to gain knowledge ; however , face - to - face learning is still the better learning option chosen by students .
Without looking back and getting into the car , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
During the lesson I have been very impressed by Socrative ( www.socrative.com ) , therefore I decided to devise a quiz about HTML and CSS .
One night , having ended a meeting with an important sponsor , Michael decided to enter a pub with one of his colleagues in order to celebrate the successful meeting .
For example , you could go on foot or with your bicycle accompanied by your friends instead.by doing this , you will burn more and more calories daily without a special equipment and having fun with your pals .
I am also a talented cooker for kids , my view is also trying to convince them that cooking is fun and sometimes they ask me to teach how to make basic dishes such as ommelettes , spaghetti and more .
But I like it because I go to the mountains with my friends every year and we always have a lot of fun and that 's a great time for each other of us .
Science fiction are my favourite type of films because I like to leave behind normal life nevertheless , I enjoy all kinds of them such as comedies , thrillers , westerns , horror films and even silent films .
Life is full of good things why do n't we look to the full side of the cup instead of looking at the empty one ?
Did you know that your brain is exercised when you read any books ? You should read the topic that you prefer like news , sports , novels , economics , health , fitness , food , cooking and you can choose the material that it 's easy and enjoyable to read like novels , magazines , newspaper , technical books and something like that .
whatever , In high school the senior year here in our country identify your future ; the college you 'll spend your life studying in and working by its knowledge , so I get that i should do all my best this year so my future could be better . and it happened I showed them all that I can do whatever I want even if the things I was n't like as they see me , and that all my previous marks was n't my best . I got high score and entered The faculty of Engineering which was the top college .
The actress who plays Suleyman 's wife , Hurrem is none other than Meryem Uzerli .
The characters in charge of the four magicians are Jesse Eisenberg , Isla Fisher , Dave Franco and Woody Harrelson .
For other part , other people only use the computer to have communication with someone , have entertainment with some movies , which can be from anywhere , or simply have some fun online with your friends that live abroad or are busy all the time .
Recycling bins have been installed in every public housing estate and most housing estates , along with the road - side ones found in every district .
He 's one of the best football players in the world and is really popular both in Sweden and in other countries , especially in Europe .
My first memory related to the English language is of lyrics ; I love pop music and used to translate songs composed by Elton John and Lennon and McCartney .
In a couple of years , I became much better and I learned to do many tricks like skating backwards , the Snake and the Zigzag .
Last night I had the opportunity to attend a marvelous play based on the book " Alice in Wonderland " which was enthusiastically received by both adults and children .
In addition to this there is a significant lack of evening entertainments in the city such as theatres , cinemas and night - clubs .
I have other qualities like , cooking like super chef or even better than that , I am the person more organizated in this country , and I love to work with children because it is a form to teach everything you know to other people and help to improve like person .
Although they have a nice ending we need to remember that the real life is different and the difficult makes part of our lives , they are there to us to give value to everything we have and to remember us how fragile and , at the same time , how powerful we are .
A wise man said " The pen is mightier than the sword " ( Edward Bulwer - Lytton ) .
This is a very common argument : the true genius stands out so much that can not be misunderstood , so if he is not recognized then he is not a genius .
Feurer 's campaign for Kenzo was one of the most popular and it defined him as a successful photographer .
Unfortunately , the thief was more intelligent than them because while they were speaking , he could run away with the books that he had just stolen .
Water and electricity are wasted day after day , while a little change in people 's habits can make a difference .
There are some clubs in the town : the A 's and the Subway , which are in the centre , and the Barrel , which is on the outskirts of the town .
I teach at Basisberoeps level and I have already started to use some activities were they must use an Ipad and make pictures or short films .
On the one hand , I am studying to be a PE teacher so I know how to organise activities for young people such as fishing or doing a sport .
Also , I 'd like to invite you to my house here in Spain , all my friends and I are having a party and it 'll be fantastic if you were able to come .
In conclusion , from my point of view , people from all over the world would rather travel by car than travel by public transport but we 'd better use this means of transport if we want to continue living in accurate conditions .
My wife and I went to Ushuaia for four days but at the second day we realised that my wife had forgotten her glasses so we decided to come back .
My name is Alejandro Martín , I 'm 30 years old , I have heard about your organization and I would like to work for you .
As requested by a local tourist office , this is a report regarding shopping facilitiesin my town and shops that will appeal to tourists with different interests .
To express her gratitude , Angie called the girl as " honorary customer " of her bookshop and gave her a crime novel collection like a present .
He got up as quietly as he could and waited until he stopped hearing his mother talking to herself , which meant she had headed to the kitchen .
So , when I wake up every morning , also pushed because I am a very active person , I get such a motivation to go out and do something .
for example , last week I was stressed out , so I lost my phone at the university , I was not realizing that until I returned home . while I was on my way to the university , my little sister praying for me to finding out my phone .
But the problem is I do really care about my friends , so I always say " Yes " to my friends , because I do n't want to disappoint them .
For people to make the habit of travelling by bus or subway , they must know that they will be able to get to various places on time .
On the other hand , needless to say , the limitation of museum is that it can only store some pictures and paintings , it is far from an enjoyable visiting when you can only see the picture 2 meters away and no touch .
Firstly , I have asked about the music that is listened to and about their favourites styles and groups and the results showed us that they are n't similar compared to music they liked a few years ago .
The problem with this movie is not the story because the book is fantastic and when you read it , you really can feel the emotions to the characters .
I would feel like a prisoner , who ca n't do anything , because someone will make a photo of it , and I wo n't have peace .
There are some clues in sentences like " Your guard is up " or " the last time you saw me is still burning in the back of your mind " .
Being sad and sorry will destroy your life , because you will not be able to work , eat and live in a good way .
You start walking 10 minutes each day , then for 20 minutes and you can add more minutes till start running for 30 minutes and then for an hour .
In Clayton , my hometown , people are fond of maintaining the environment and they actively participate in encouraging the ones who try to work towards its progress as well as in protesting against the ones who tend to cause harm to it .
There is a group of young people who decided once that it is ridiculous to choose if you can have all in one - do you want to meet them ?
On weekdays , Dutch people take their breakfast , which usually consists of a few sandwiches , somewhere between 7.00 and 8.00 a.m. In the weekend , we tend to sleep in and therefore take our breakfast a bit later .
In deciding whether to choose car or public transport we need to consider many factors , such as length of journey , time of the day we travel , area we travel through , number of us , weather etc .
But I do n't think that in ten or twenty years the scientific progress will be able to produce this type of transport , so we should imagine something simpler .
The decor was very simple and chic with abstract paintings hanging on the wall which would allude to the style of desserts being served here .
They had to think , and they had to do it quickly because those things , the things that came out at night , were growing stronger and stronger .
When doing a fece - to - face course besides having an attendance schedule , people spend more time commuting to the place where the course is given .
The emotions the only try if you 're a fan of any team , and you know the happiness that you feel when it wins , it 's indescribable .
Some people do manage to stay in the same place all their lives and even work for the same company , while others are much more mobile in terms of their jobs and homes .
She had dreamed of living there since she was a little girl , but she also realized that she will leave all the people that she cared about .
Good thriller movies have become increasingly rare in the last few years , and to find some among big productions casting famous actors is even harder , if not impossible .
The traditional educational process may sometimes seem to be boring and dull for children but a teacher should be a part of this process as a guide .
I have a little toddler with whom I love to share my feelings , he always give me a nice hug after I return from the office .
Then you can go to Santa Marta , do some water sports , visit Taganga where you can find the best shrips in the whole area .
Chad Kroeger gave me their new CD and the entire band signed it for me .
However , when I was reading your article I felt ashamed due to the fact that when every teacher teaches the way I do it is logical that our students ca n't be quiet and ca n't sit without making a move .
I myself am a fan of horror movies , which are highly predictable , so it was a great satisfaction to see such a complex film .
This is a group of beginners , the experience of a first lesson with a new teacher is daunting enough , without adding unfamiliar technology and teaching methods .
Very often people say " Family is the most important thing in life " or " My family is my biggest support " , and I agree .
Alison took a pen and a piece of paper and wrote an answer for Jason , as fast as she could because the postman was leaving in one hour .
Firstly , football plays a vital role in unifying people locally and internationally , for example it helps US and China to normalize their relations .
Consequently , Vietnamese children have not any life skills and have many health problems , such as : short - sighted , tummy - ache , spinal column … Sadly , the proportion of Vietnamese children who are short - sighted tend to increase in recent years .
Many affordable bus and metropolitan passes and other systems have also been created in order to motivate the citizens to use them , providing a quicker , and sometimes cheaper , alternative to their own transport .
It 's so nice to hear from you and I 'm so happy that you are coming to Egypt this summer .
I choose the wheel because is the most useful invention ever because thanks to it the human works make easier by example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today the wheel was invented at a relatively late point of human history , he oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
There are many shops around the town , for example we have one that where children can make teddy bears whereas the parents can see them from the restaurant ; many children said that it was the best place in the world .
Throughout my undergraduate studies , my professional skills were recognized at the internships at the Federal Court of Law and the most famous fiscal law office in the State .
Facial expression is said to be more important for the film actors , whereas body language and voice intonation are paid more attention to in the stage acting .
Confronting the challenging instead of turning aside , trying to think of possible solutions instead of giving up at the beginning , always being positive to unknown instead of negative and retreating , all these are the main reason why the humankinds can keep improving .
The main advice it would be to have a balanced diet : a lot of fruits and vegetables , few fats , to drink more water , etc .
He did n't want to read the next letters , in which Princess Sophie said he was the love of her life and also wrote about the curse .
In conclusion , I would like to say that the city where I live maintaines the city cleaned and attractive , for people that live there and for those who visit the city .
The last and probably the most difficult question we discussed was:'Does it affect the way you dress and the kinds of clothes you buy ? '
One is original equipment manufacturer , like Foxconn , workers in the company always need to do the same thing and the executive in Foxconn also always need to bargain with Apple or Samsung .
Next week we 'll be watching " Dancer in the Dark " , by Lars von Trier , a distinctive Danish filmmaker .
Earlier , regardless of whether the rubbish was recyclable or not , it was disposed off in the same bin .
In my opinion the swimming pool is convenient because you can walk to swim if you live in town but is very expensive , particularly for young people .
I also love to see the spark flashing in students ' eyes when they understand a concept , try to express themselves with Chinese and finally use it correctly .
This amazing film is about two people from a crew of astronauts sent out in space to launch the ' HUBBLE ' telescope .
Also , the medical cases are intriguing and although someone with no medical knowledge may not understand much , the struggle to save a person 's life captures everyone 's interest .
So people say ' I do n't do numbers ' , ' I do n't do detail ' ' I do n't do preparation ' , they believe it and make it true . '
On the other hand , if you are looking for a film that is extremely gripping and can keep you guessing , it 's definitely the right choice for you .
There 's no question that this film by director Louis Leterrier is the most original and thought - provoking stories I have seen in recent years .
In conclusion , the results of the present study indicate that supplementation of beetroot juice has no significant effect on 700 m rowing ergometer performance .
And one day , you 'll find the true love that you 'll trust , the one that 'll catch you when you fall , console you when you cry .
He is the man and I am the woman who live in the world , in which the man wears a short skirt and the woman is as tough as a crocodile .
Through this many people would have access to mobile banking and in addition to that it makes money available so it can be used in shops .
In fact , although they are famous , they are people too , which means that they should be free to do whatever they like in their free time .
Before moving to Augsburg , I studied biology for two semesters in Erlangen , but soon noticed that it was n't the right subject of study for me .
Since I was in F.5 , when I became capable to teach somebody , I started to be a Korean teacher and a private English tutor .
My opinion is , that the famous people deserve a quiet time , when they are with their partners or with family , but also when they are just going to the supermarket or gym .
I am writing to inform you that the package holidays to Madrid you are currently advertising in your newspaper are apparently not what they claimed to be .
Yes , it hurts , but at the end of the day , almost everything in this world , will make you bleed .
Two years ago , I developed a project called : Our talent for Poetry and Painting , within an association for orientation of children and teenagers .
I 'm from Italy , I live in Varese a beautiful town not far from Milan in Lombardia .
In Acapulco I had a good time because I stay in the same room that my friends and we swam a lot and we really had fun .
She was brave and intelligent , so she was going to start a new life with new opportunities in a different and fairer country .
Having energetic and cheerful attitude , I would like you to consider me as the best fit for the camp volunteer and accept my application .
There are a lot of people in this world that are ill and need stem cells in their healing process , so parents that had an abroted foetus should let the scientists and the doctors use the stem cells in their research , and help other people .
A better future means having good food to eat without worrying , good clothes to wear , a big property , a private means of transportation and many more .
I have extensive experience working with ESL students , as well as students with a variety of learning disabilities , including dyslexia and dysgraphia , and disabilities like ADD and ADHD .
However , the realisation of English as a world language would certainly need an educational basis for everyone which might not be easy to accomplish but it would be possible .
" I 'm sorry , but I do n't want to hear from you anymore " he said , and then stood up and without watching her walked out of the bar .
If you visit my country one day , I will certainly be pleased to show you Red Square and everything I 've told you about .
That is why I wish to work in the areas of Computer Sciences , and studying abroad would give me an extra motivation and open new doors to show and expand my full potential .
At the same time , however , anyone professing to be a follower of the God of Israel would have adhered to the Ten Commandments .
While the metaphor comes from the sphere of international law , it is wrong to understand the commandments merely as a summary of Israel 's obligations toward God . . .
There could be a lot of reasons , like the idea of living in an adventurous way or doing things in secret ; but in real life , what kind of person does a secret agent have to be ?
When public suffers from natural disasters and they are no solutions , they are forced to leave their home in order to move to a new place , which could affect the next generation that might confront a multicultural society .
In summary , I know it is a hard choice . I am talking about multinational companies that try to change our way of life to suit their needs .
I believe that Governments from different Countries should come together to find appropriate measures to overcome the economic crisis and stop the vicious circle that leads qualified people to be excluded from the job market and , therefore , contribute to worsen the impact of the economic crisis .
There are educational programs and channels which transmit good documentaries , but most people prefer other types of programs , such as cartoons , soap operas and soccer matches .
To sum up , the best way of learning English , or rather the best place to do it depends on each person 's means and learning style , but definitely it is possible to acquire a second language both at home and abroad .
Interstellar is a new Christopher Nolan 's movie which includes the participation of some Hollywood 's stars such as Matthew McConaughey , Anne Hathaway and Matt Damon .
In addition , working closely with a team of dedicated researchers has helped me understand the importance of an efficient lab practice and develop my group - oriented skills .
There are several reasons to believe that ; firstly , many people are influenced by the advertising which mixes happiness with driving cars and makes people think that public transport is not as a smart option as cars .
This hobby give me pleasure and good sense of nature , especially when I wake up with the sound of the singing birds in my house .
As a result of what I have just said , in my opinion people wo n't have a " really life " : everyone will be always more involved in the virtual life so that they will forget how to talk each other and how express own feelings !
Unfortunately , not all of the food was tasty , so one of the thing I 'd suggest changing next year is to avoid the hot dogs .
In skysurfing you jump out of an airplane and use a board to " surf " the air , doing gymnastics in mid - air !
When both of them started to search clues around the house they did n't found out anything interesting , but after a while , they had seen several pawprints and in that moment Michael remembered a fact : He had been forgotten his dog inside the house but the puppy had disappeared !
The film I would like to review is an old film I 've always enjoyed : Young Frankenstein directed by Mel Brooks in 1974 .
Even though there are more and more cars on the roads , I do not think this tendency will completely reduce the demand for public transportation for the following reasons :
However , the natural process of aging is not the only change we undergo but there are others such as enrolling in school , getting our first job or changing the old one , travelling or moving to another city .
In conclusion , I believe that public transport will eventually lose its dominance due to the fact that all people want to be independent and travel on their own .
To sum up , I would like to invite people who agree with the quotation , to rethink their opinion because everything is not what it seems to be .
Back in the time , when I successfully passed the third grade , my parents decided to let me pick the present that I want as a reward .
I have learned to get control of myself when someone teaes me , and to be alert as well .Also , it helps to look always slim and put me away from the ghost of obesity as well .People who want to start playing karate have to be patient .
I think that the home of the future will be different than now , but the main function of the home wo n't change , because for ages home have been a place where people can feel safely .
If you have any incident on receipt of it , we kindly ask you to inform us , to put it in order as soon as possible .
These people can influence in our life for example , if you have a bad friends you become a bad person and you will have probles in your live.so , your education depends on the people around you .
I 'm 31 years old , and I have had the priviledge of working as a teacher all my live , so I am an experienced person capable of taking care children .
In my opinion it is a good idea , but perhaps the restriction could have exceptions for certain people and certain days and hours , or if you need to visit a particular place with your car you could ask for a special permission .
It is clear that most of them use computers and watch television almost every day , but while they are doing this they are sitting in a comfortable sofa .
And I highly recommend you to make a reservation first if you decided to hold our dinner here , because this place is always crowded and we also need a private room .
I like animals very much and I want to become a vet when I get older . I have got a lot of animals in my life .
In smaller towns without underground there are usually a number of bus routs to cover the city area , so , all you need is to go to a bus stop and to get on a bus and soon you 'll reach the destination .
First , Brazilians feel uncomfortable when people close to them raise their tone of voice and continue speaking loudly during a long time , without they have clear reasons .
If you want to start swimming I think you should looking for a swimming teacher because if ca n't swim , you must need it , and if you can swim but not well , if you are not on practice and know your swim style is not the best I recommend you a professional assistance .
I have been volunteering for St John Ambulance for 6 years now and I can say that it is a truly amazing and eye opening experience .
My favorite food is sushi , and my favorite drink is a pink drink with Pineapple in it . I like sushi because it is fresh and sweet and at the same time it is sour .
I like this game very much .it is a very useful game .it helps me to keep fit .i play basketball many years ago .i want to be a very famous basketball player .
As to other aspects of our website , it might be a good idea to enhance its performance by means of optimizing the code and removing advertisements ( which decrease the website value while bringing little profit ) .
A lot of people go to a wedding because it 's a very important moment for the couple , normally about one hundred person .
Due to the increasing population of the world , countries are likely to need more fresh water to irrigate crops to satisfy their population .
But after the first song , when the audience started to sing and dance , our manager came to us and told us that we can go see the concert .
To him , it felt as if time had stopped for a moment , but time , as time always does , kept going .
I would therefore argue that the best way to help students is to combine a kind of " training " for their work life and some theoretical knowledge .
Looking for traces of those he loved , he stumbles upon a truth that was hidden in plain sight .
There you must see the center of the city because we have the Dome ( the Church ) , the gallery near the Dome , the little hidden church called S.Satiro and , at the end , the Sforza 's castle .
So overall I would recommend this documentary to everybody because all the people must know what we are doing with the Earth and they must learn to look after it because we only have one Earth and if we destroy it , we wo n't have any place where we can live .
How difficult it is ! " - that was my very first thought while seeing some surfers on the Baltic sea in Poland .
Peer learning is a small group of three to five students who are kept together to discuss the content and carry out educational activities in mutual engagement .
A public transport system is much more convenient for this group of people because they wo n't need to worry about the skill and attention needed for driving .
I know that you are a brilliant photographer and that you want to improve your hability , so I think that you could do some photos during your trip and then you could send them to some experts .
Due to the surgery Mr Sharma is in supine position , but this position reduces his oxygenation ( Snowball , 2012 ) , and also can impede the air passage that is related to the anaesthesia effect , where the tongue and the lower jaw fall backward .
What 's more , I did n't have to pay for the ticket , because it was a volunteer work - closing the door after people that were coming out of the concert hall .
Being always on the bed or on the sofa is not recommended , whereas going outside and run or ride a bicycle would be a better option .
the job he 'll have , the clothes he 'll wear , the food he 'll cook ... he had almost every inch of his future planned .
If you are interested in local design , vintage clothes and remarkable souvenirs , go to the historical center of the city .
Prior to my work at " The Children 's World " company , I made toys by myself and sold them in the Internet .
Dickard the police officer killed three robots in the film , but at the end of the movie and before he tried to kill the last robot , he discovered that batty has emotions and feelings instead of his mechanism body because he saved dickard 's life at the end of the film .
I must have seem cruel to him because , despite our daily disagreements , he adored me and was serious about settling down soon .
Since that television is able to reach a large number of people during a short period of time , more potential customers will be exposed to its service .
There are four floors , each of which contains different departments of the anchor stores , and a number of small shops which sell a variety of products .
I checked the equipment : I had a computer and projector , both in good working order , a fast internet connection and a full class .
There are also other areas in Viña del Mar where groups of shops have concentrated so as to offer facilities to residential areas , also convenient for people who live in the surroundings .
So what about next month , 12th of December?I would like to suggest a dish named " Bloody Liver " .
To be honest I got really mad at him because I really wanted to go to London and I also already got tickets for my flight .
Peter knew that Lucas was n't guilty but he and Louis were best friends since the elementary school , he had to do his decision and he only had two minutes until they took Lucas to the police station .
Perhaps in 50 years more , we will live in a world where technology makes our life much easier , but at the same time we will be depending on it .
Even if it was a fiction , the goal to make all the people in the society be filial could also be achieved , which would keep the society harmonious as well as orderly for a long time .
This is such an essential activity that allows me to gauge my performance , keep pace with the group and not to be left behind .
Anyway , the man was wearing an orange costume , he was surprisingly tall and slim and he was completely bald except for a long black ponytail coming out from the head .
My hieght is about5.2 , hair color is dark brown , eye colour is black and I will be wearing jeans and long shirt . I will be arrived at 20 past to 3 .
In addition I am very responsible person and I have got a first aid certificate , which has given me the confidence to deal with emergency situations .
Take my cat , Luka , for example , I found it on the streets and felt like keeping it with me when I was 12 years old .
According to the CDC the percentage of children age 6 to 11 years old has increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 years on the Unitated States .
My favourite actor is Tom Cruise and consequently the best film I have ever seen was " Far away , far away " , where he plays starring role with his ex - wife Nicole Kidman .
Due to the magic , the bizarre events were interpreted as a dream as there 's be no easier way to make the humans understand the events that had just happened .
I 'm constantly brainstorming to find everything that could be challenging for me and I usually try to follow what my mind brings out , so I think I could come up with nice ideas for those children .
To sum it up : We were not very pleased with our holiday as we could not enjoy some of the things you promised to us in the brochure .
On the other hand the bad things are that you have to park out of the city centre and these areas will be crowded , you could n't visit places with your car and people with physical problems could have difficulties with public transport .
On the other hand you will have to pay 45 euros a month to use facilities , and besides , you will not be able to do exercises because there is not any gym inside the building .
When we got to the resort we all checked in and went to our designated rooms . I was sharing a room with my friend Emily .
I have little cousins and sisters so I 'm very good with kids , I 've experienced all kinds of situtions so I think they wo n't be a problema for me .
The world is getting smaller for people with so many cars around ; it 's about time everyone thought about the community and not about themselves .
Jacob told her again if she wanted to go with him to a better place but she still denied , until she accepted with only one condition , if all her family could go with them .
Although Brazilians usually do not worry about distance made by others , people from different cultures believe that Brazilians spend much time looking at others .
When I play volleyball I totally forget all my problems and focus on nothing but volleyball and the intensity of the game .this game i like to play .
I think Royal Family is an exception because they are supported by all the citizens , so I think we ( as citizen ) have the right to know eveything they do if we want .
My first memories of food are from my early years , as I looked at my grandmother cooking typical Spanish dishes such as paella or tortilla .
Detoxification , a method people often use to lose weight , has not been proved by the science .
The best thing I did was to solve my beautiful Paris puzzles and went to Amador with my family and have a good time with them .
I am sure that it would be a very interesting and challenging position and I would really enjoy the opportunity to work at your camp this summer .
" Carne Enchipoclada " you need to choose the meat ( pork tenderloin , beef steak or deer meat ) and it is accompanied by a sauce of chile chipotle with potatoes cambray . "
There has never been a bigger force for change than technology , it changes absolutely everything about the way we live , even the way we talk with each other .
Next , when you are in a class , focus on what the teacher says , she / he will teach you and give you a clearer understanding about grammar .
In fact , being a teacher in the mountain is being the best of who I am , being the most fortunate of men alive , and being the happiest I could ever be .
When the light sensor is in the shade , the synthesizer emitts a lower pitch , and when the sensor is exposed to light the synthesizer 's pitch raises .
There is no future for public transport , that is true , but I think that people are very comfortable and do n't think about the environment .
I work as freelancer journalist , prepare reports dealing with a whole situation in the city of Jerusalem , and publish my reports in many of the websites .
And of course , if you 're not an it - girl , you can spend a lot of money and choose a wrong dress to attend Ascot and perhaps you 'll have to view the races from behind a curtain .
As for my dreams for the upcoming years , I think I have two dreams in life that I will do my best and try hard to realize .
We have a swimming pool in our school and we swim from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. When I swim I feel very happy and relaxed .
And if you want to admire the wonderful world of hats , you 'd better buy some magazine where you 'll find all the photos for just 2 €
And if you love fashion and you have the chance to go to Ascot , you may run into the Queen and greet her , and at the same time enjoy the fabulous view of all those extravagant hats the ladies wear .
The Spanish Ministry of State publishes a Memorandum relating all the events and conflicts made by the USA to Cuba until the publishing date .
Aspects such as space , internet access and materials will be discussed in order to make suggestions to improve the service for students learning languages .
For a very long time there has not been scientific evidence that proved the relationship between organizational culture and performance , until studies found a correlation between these subjects .
They can hire local people , give them well - paid jobs , and those people may learn how global corporations work , which is a good thing for local economies .
My sister should definitely close her windows , I am going out of this house , I should leave this cat here and let it ruin her things " .
If you haven't seen it yet , after reading this short text you 'll go to the cinema if you only have a chance .
I would also like you to talk to the police department , because the police have to do their job and make sure we are all safe , not to ignore us and say that everything is fine when everything is wrong .
The main goal of the thesis is to discuss the three different children 's editions of the dream of the red chamber : Tian Wei edition , Jia Wen edition and Feng Che edition as the object of research .
The answer , of course , is no , because you can always put it in another gear even if you think you need to give up .
Football is played at a professional level all over the world , and millions of people regularly go to football stadium to follow their favorite team , whilst millions more avidly watch the game on television .
One of the measures that we , as world citicens , can take is to leave our cars at home and start to take public transport or to share cars with others .
It was such a hot summer that it was impossible to turn off the ventilator and I was a bored child with a laptop . I had signed in on the social network Tuenti and I liked passing all the time chatting .
The great number of using private car leads to higher level of air pollution , and the public transport is one of the best solutions for decreasing the air pollution .
Moreover , instead of using a core textbook , or using different levels of textbooks , carrying out a theme - based approach is more appropriate , and it also saves teachers ' preparation time .
I did not have the ability to order the cones online back then , therefore , I went to IKEA , and bought small colored cups and used it as cones .
Lack of teaching way , poor audience of the class , quantity of learning materials , for instance , all of these matters should be enhanced until the good quality has been set up in the system .
Four and five stars hotels are located in the main area , but smaller hotels and a youth hostel are also available to families .
This sport is very famous all over the world , but in Italy is n't very famous , becouse in Italy the soccer is more famous than the tennis .
Besides , adding a schedule to the left section would be an advantage , as our customers would be able to find the option they need in a more convenient way .
It occupies so pivotal a role in modern society and commands so much public money , should find itself subject to criticism from a variety of source .
My name is Melissa , I am 14 years old and I can speak English . I love summer camps because you learn so much in them and have wonderful experiences too .
What about the amazing eccentric atmosphere they have to offer ; with a soulful live band and an elegant dining set , their atmosphere adds up to the flavor of their food .
On the weekend I stay at home . I start reading " Eleanor & Park " ; it was amazing , I was laughing a lot because the things that the characters said .
I could n't believe my ears ! I , Carly Brown , the insipid and far less interesting sister of the great Jennifer Jones , the most beautiful girl in town , was chosen to become the main woman in a big play !
In one of the windows I found a skateboard and along came the memories of the year 2000 and MTV channel that I was brought up into .
In the Washington Post the editorial remarks that the failure of the Moscow coup has finally broke the influence of the Communist Party over the power structures and the world outlook of Soviet people .
I need to ask you for some help , you 're the only person I know who lives there , so the only one who can help me .
Moreover , with the decreasing number of trees and many other plants , carbon dioxide can not be coped with by those natural machines , which will melt the remaining ice in the world .
I would feel relieved if you would let me know about the commencement of the program as I can travel in this month and the salary offered per week .
Otherwise you need to have time to walk through all the shops and find what you need , every thing on the rack is calling for your attention , after a while you want to buy everything .
For example they want to see well - known people with her boyfriend / his girlfriend or want to see them in causal attire or want to see famous women without make - up .
What I like most of this restaurant is that it offers healthy and balanced food , the flavor is fantastic , the food very tasty and carefully cooked .
It 's a real issue for the government to understand that if the process of banning smokers starts , the income rate will immediately decrease .
If they are your best fiends they will guide you and help you to be to be the best of you , they wo n't hurt you or turn their back on you .
Last year , I visited one of the most historic and famous cities in the world , Rome , a city where you can find a country inside it .
This is how it creates magic and creates the setting as in William Shakespeare 's time , they did n't use many props .
The best thing about football is that you can practise a sport and you can socialise with other people that love that sport as much as you .
I tried to call my mother , but while I was typing her number on the keypad , the battery ran out of power ...
Another of my favourites is Will Smith , he appeared in the well - known film , Men in Black and others excellent films like I am Legend .
The show was based on the journey of a married couple , living in India , who get separated due to some misunderstandings .
I strongly recommend this amazing series to people who want to take a glimpse into the history of a fascinating country and experience different feelings together with the main characters .
It was too late and the others were n't coming , the sun was setting and looking for them was n't an option .
One striking change is that a new station has been built , to connect the north of the city with the city centre and the road has been pedestrianized .
Then it is very important going to this store and choosing an object that makes you remind the most exciting day of the trip , a gorgeous monument you have seen , ...
After that , this trend kept falling and reached the lowest point in 2000 ( just under 40 times that year ) .
A lot of people choice public transport for travelling because it 's cheaper , easier , more relaxed and sometimes faster than driving a car .
Although many factories and people is polluting the environment drastically but some people and organization is protecting the environment but most often these people are discriminated from society .
Ithink there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life but it depens on the situation because I also like to let thing be alnd let them happend because they have to happend so the majority of time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happend and not to plan anything but if it 's something related with my future or sometehin that will be really afect me I will prefer to plane it like what kind of job I want to do or about my dregree or things like that
This courses will last about a week and I suggest we only take from two to three hours per day so it does n't become tedious and we can keep everyone interested .
If you consider the cahotic traffic and the long queues to get there and impact of these factores on people 's health and people 's finances , I 'm sure you 'll change your mind about public transport .
Art is complex , and seeing that everyone laughed with the work of his partner , can see that nobody understood the real meaning , since art is different for each person , each creates a different definition , so we must respect each of them understand that each person is a different world and everyone is art .
It would be a great pleasure for me to be part of Think Education , an innovative higher education institution that offers high - quality learning .
Not knowing where the sound had come from , they were pulling out smartphones from their robes and jamming their fingers on the screen .
Bekir Günay , the Director of the Eurasian Institute , Associate Professor , told about a new understanding of Eurasianism .
However , for those who really need to fork out money to pay college loans , it is best for them to take a year off and work part time at a cafe , or somewhere remotely interesting .
I am also keen on wandering off at my own pace and getting lost on the winding narrow cobbled streets as I feel like an adventurer looking for new treasures .
I was just about to close the door , when I heard mum from the kitchen : " Who was it , Bryan ? "
La Cacharrería has a disadvantage , you ca n't reserve a table and it is very popular .
The experience was great and since then I 've always wanted to have the experience of working again in an English speaking country .
If you do n't like this idea , there is an excellent website which offers a lot of jobs and maybe you find something interesting .
Thanks of learning another language you can have also friends from all the world and you can better understand the culture of new country .
It would certainly be counterproductive and a waste of time if the time would be spent doing nothing and just passing the time like it were a long vacation , but if it is used to make new experiences , a year off can change the future of a person .
I think it will be helpful to me taking this lesson at the beginning of the semester , I believe I can learn a lot from the professor and you guys .
Nevertheless travel by car is easier for commute for example , because they can choose a personal timetable without a terrible discomfort of buses ; in addiction there is a fair chance that by the end of this century dwellers will stop travelling by public transport , in special way if the government have invested his money in green energy and we could discover a new green car , which in turn revolutionary our life .
So , all in all , we can not answer this question as " yes " or " no " because there is almost equal number of examples that help to support the contracting points of view .
" Jumps have been my life , I have spent all my life in the jumps and it motivate me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duque when he pointed out that he still has several screws in his right ankle and he is still lacking recover completely .
Greenhouse gases have already posed grave threat to humans , e.g. global warming and ozone depletion , which raised people 's environmental awareness .
I am writing in connection with your job advertisement ( Club organiser ) which I 've seen on the noticeboard of my language school .
In Rust and Bones , Stephanie injures herself in a brawl outside of a club and wakes up to realize she had her legs amputated .
Also in Master 's degree final project II , Dr Montés helped us to accomplish the master 's degree thesis with excellence .
I still believe that public transport will be more popular in the future due to benefits it provides for us . Travelling by car is more convenient but expensive .
I think it is a really good idea to use the stem cells in order to save other people 's lives , even if they come from an abroted foetus .
My father said one day that , as a humorist , I 'm a very good singer , and I do n't even sing .
For example , one of the most important devices that has taken an important role in our lives is the mobile phone which has changed extremely fast over the last ten years .
The restaurant I 'm going to review is called Tintos y Rubias and is located in downtown Montevideo .
Second , the management of business leaders plays an important role in the success of the company 's business .
The constant grumbling , regular checking the time , this anxious and adrift facial expression - how on earth it could create a favourable conditions for shopping ? !
Moreover , it is stated that people who drink moderately have positive social behavior which means that they are more likely to establish contact than non - drinker , and they are more social , popular and they are likely to be married .
I have got a family of my own , so I am familiar with looking after children and taking care of them . I enjoy fitness - and can easily help organise children sport activities .
The patio is probably a bit narrow to place tables outside but people can go out and enjoy the view when the weather is cooler .
While there are many things to appreciate and celebrate about the world in which we live many pressing environmental problems cry out for our attention .
One of my carachteristics is that I 'm a very precise person , for example I enjoy making lists because they make my mind clearer , and I strictly follow what I wrote so everything , hopefully , endes well .
Obviously , she ca n't say a bad thing about him , but we do n't really know what he thinks about her .
The restaurant also caters for all tastes by providing a large selection of the best wines of the region , who are very popular around the country .
Mostly during 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go and finish work , that is when we get the most awful traffic jams , sometimes it takes an hour to get form point A to B in town which is a terribly long time not to mention parents who have to take their children to school , nursery and then get to work , too .
Other than the situation I mentioned above , we will have our memories and knowledge being replicate in the form of digital data .
last night we went to the swimming pool it was a little bit cold but we liked so we went to the pool and srated to swimming i know how to swim very well but she does n't she has to have a support otherwise she ca nt .
As my CV indicates , I possess a significant and progressive experience in the field of transportation logistics , organisation of people as well as equipment , analysing and optimising the transportation costs in both domestic and international transport etc .
We are all equal to God 's eyes , and I believe we all have the same right of living a peaceful life based on mutual respect .
His current team is preparing him physically in the gym , his physical form has improved a lot and now is faster , stronger and he 's still 23 years old .
Lucila has always wanted to work with children and she is interested in a job that would also help her develop her English skills .
I agree with you that I 'm brave , but I think I need this time to relax after all that problems that I had with my grandmother .
After the examns finished , I went home and had nothing to do , so I thought that I needed to watch my dramas because it was a week I haven't watch them due to the exam week .
As you know , Moscow is the capital of the Russian Federation , it 's a very fast , energetic city with lots of things to do and to see .
The main reason why I loved to work there and every day I went to work with a big smile on my face were the possibilities to watch every show I wanted .
There are others , of course , who are quite happy to live and work in the same place all their lives because they do not think moving would enhance their lives .
Undoubtedly , I 'm presenting a major challenge to every parent : shall we be able to take care for youngsters provision and yet teach them that money does n't grow on trees ?
Micheal decided to get dress , he was on the way to the door when he saw a box of things he gave to Celine .
I have never worked as an engineer , but I am experienced on electronics like a hobbyist since I was a child . I have my personal lab equipment and I have designed and assembled several circuits .
Nevertheless , far from arrogance and vanity , we can still find some young people who have interesting personal values that are used by them to define their lifestyle .
On the other hand , I know that music is your passion , and in my opinion , you should n't give up music classes , when you 're stress it helps you to relaxes you .
The industrial revolution took place in England from the end of 18th century to the middle of the 19th and it completely transformed this place .
In case you need further information regarding any of these issues , please contact us and I will be glad to respond you as soon as possible .
A significant part of the population in this town do not know the importance of practising sports and having a healthier life .
And i will start studying in the Belvoirpark hotel school , so we 'll want to rent the apartment for at least 3 years or even longer .
If you do not have enough time for exercise every day you can make little efforts : do not use the lift , use the stairs or walk every time you can .
The purpose of this report is to analyse and assess the impact of English - language television programmes on Italian culture and to make suitable recommendations .
Doing sport is not only for getting fitter is also something you need to do as a habit .
Then , Symba save to Pumba of a lion and this lion is Nala who is an old friend of Symba .
I worked for more than six years in a supermarket as well so , that is why I am accustomed to deal with customers and cope with difficult people in busy environment .
If you want start playing this sport remember that when you are playing every points are important and you must n't relax during the match , even if you are winning with a very big advantage because in a few minutes you could lose the match .
I believe this job would suit me for the following reasons : I am familiarized with the environment in summer camps as I spent my previous summer in one .
After the second false start you 'd be disqualified and then you can kiss victory goodbye , - that 's how I mentally tune myself , - Take it easy !
Should parents prepare the ground for their sons ' success or just let them work hard to build their lives ?
First with the radio , news about events happening far from your local community could be easily heard by anyone within earshot .
If their themes are considered , it is immediately clear that Dickens builds an extraordinary image of the Victorian society , with a wide range of characters and stories which reveal the conditions of children and the poor ; instead the Brontes ' novels contain the Byronic hero , a male figure with a dark past who wants to find some revenge , as Heatcliff in " Wuthering Heights " or forgiveness as Mr Rochester in " Jane Eyre " .
2 years ago , I was a bad guy who wanted to fight anyone , so no one wanted to be my friend .
There 's not much work you have to do on a normal day , but maybe this will be a special one , because of the match between Celta and Real Madrid that is going to be celebrated half a kilometre away .
After this , he became the Director of the International Trade Center based in London and he was in charge of all relationships with international companies .
In this way I 'd had the chance to know different people from all over the world and at the same time I 'd earn some money to visit the city and the castles of England , where many historical battles were fought .
He does not end an argument and give a position to understand your point , he thinks he is right and does not want to think about it .
I had a terrible experience in this Chinese New Year!Because Norovirus infected me!At first , I had a high fever but I thought if I take some medicine I will be fine .
Relying on children 's tastes and interests , I untwisted the firm 's brand through advertising .
We are very appreciative of Dr. Manjot Baqri , who has taken upon himself to lead these meetings and educate our village on health problems associated with improper dispose of the waste . the village has built pits to dispose waste .
My pronunciation is not always correct , as a result I have some problems with listening . I know English economic terminology very well but my everyday English is rather poor .
Also it has to say that maybe in the future , technology will create a car that does n't pollute the air , and then , use public transport wo n't be necessary .
This decision made the series extraordinary , with scenes recorded in Seoul , Nairobi , San Francisco , Mumbai , London , Berlin , Mexico and Chicago .
It was a period of time in earth 's history when temperatures fell globally , causing ice sheets and glaciers to form far from the north and south pole .
In winter I go to run for half an hour in the afternoons , but in summer I go out and run in the mornings and in the afternoons to enjoy the nice weather .
The same technique is used by politicians , iconoclasts and leaders who pollute the minds of the people through the medium of technology .
At four in the morning , after opening the presents , everyone started to leave , it was a long day but a lot of fun , but it could have lasted a bit longer .
To start with , I would like to tell you that I have studied gastronomy in the Instituto Crandon , one of the most recognised institutes in Uruguay , also , I have just finished the sports and health course in the Universidad de la Republica , in which I learned to work from children to adults in the sports area .
Moreover , life may not be possible for the future generations , unless we start from now using renewable sources of energy , like green , to promote sustainability and improve energy efficiency avoiding side effects to the planet .
It makes me feel sad to realize that racism is still a problem from which society suffers . I wonder , Why do we have the necessity of feeling superior to other people ?
When visiting Copenhagen during summer time there is a huge variety of shops and restaurants that will give you a sense of the Copenhagen lifestyle .
One way to get the information needed is to interview people from the neighbourhood and either write down what is being said or record it as an audio - file .
Bonti is very old she is 13 and she are feeling pretty bad , so I do n't think she will be alive so much more .
I really hope my students feel the same , otherwise I have to change my attitude ! I get paid for being a teacher and ,
When you ca n't breathe in your life you need some entertainment ; for example , you can listened music with your cellphone or watched some funny videos after all things that bothered you .
The diagram shows a compact structure and the simplicity of the machine ; it has three main sections : the feed section , the combustion chamber and the blower(i.e .
Finally , I think that thanks to the internet you can talk with someone who live in Japan , but often you stop talking with someone who is yours front .
On the other hand , looking at an installation art it is harder to have a clear emotion at the first sight without knowing the meaning of it or something about the artist .
The best of all in real frienships is to always believe in your friend 's abilities and be his real mirror for good and bad actions , he will be the same to you .
Learning new languages is very important , but also studying subjects related to computers and technology like computer programming is becoming more and more useful than ancient languages like Greek or Latin .
On the one hand , it is said to help people to spend quality time as they can learn about the most varied subjects from the comfort of their homes .
Today we received a shipment from Visual service center under our old account number , it could be a mistake by service center as a notice regarding major organizational restructure already sent to service centers .
Our local public cleaning services are responsible not only for the efficient removal , storage , collection and transport of waste material , but also for the maintenance and good care of natural areas and green spaces within our community .
Right now , I am wearing jeans , black flats , a gray shirt and a purple and turquoise hoodie .
By the way , some people do n't like to swim because they have difficulty finding the swimming pool , I think that just an excuse to be lazy , the Internet will help you to find out .Lets go to swim .
The LLM in International Business Regulation , Litigation and Arbitration at New York University is irrefutably the postgraduate program that I need to ensure the outcome aimed .
Furthermore , we also save time : as cities become bigger it becomes more and more difficult to park , which in turn leads to us wasting time looking for somewhere to park , or wasting money in expensive carparks .
It 's about 2000 people that want to go to a new planet to start a new life and their trip was going to take approximately 120 years .
She immediately ran to the doormat , ran back to the living room and showed me the envelope in her hands .
In my opinion , it is a good idea about you spend some time travelling because you will have an opportunity to think about your future but in my city because of the crisis there is very little work for everyone .
First of all , Public transport is used by many people who do not have cars like students and workers . They can afford to buy tickets .
" Sense8 " is a new kind of television series that has grasped the attention of millions of viewers from the first episode .
A short summary of the OCPM- model : there are organizational variables that determine the visible and invisible behavior of employees .
I think we have really become aware of the chaos of public transport and we have begun to design and implement strategies that in 20 years our reality improve our reality
I 'm very excited about your arrived in Santa Cruz next week ; I 'll give you some advice about awesome places to visit .
Well , Ross is a paleontologist that works in the Natural History Museum , and he 's Monica 's older brother .
During my apprenticeship , I was in charge of organising several activities , so I think I could do well at organising sports and activities .
Giving the students the answers the exercises was a partially efficient way to encourage the students to speak more .
Would it be bleak and boring and leave us at a loss as what to buy , or might it just turn out to be a long yearned for respite ?
Lost in his thoughts and unaware of what was going on around him , he heated the plastic bag filled with leftover food for Baxter .
The aim of this report is to inform an international organisation how our town takes care of the environment as well as what do people do with their rubbish and how the town is trying to keep the area clean and attractive .
The thing that he ( the monster ) did n't know about was that he had a spectacular infection ( literally spectacular ) that I thing that it have no cure , it was called " The Monsteration Infectations " .
At the same time he worked for the Pirelli calendar in 1974 he also featured shots that appeared in Elle , Vogue , Numero , etc .
After some time the bus stopped for 5 min and Michael bought two chocolates , chips and a soft drink and offered her a chocolate .
In the past , I have done many summer camps for kids in between 5 and 9 years old , so I already have a lot of experience in this kind of job .
-Danish and European Institutions such as ECB , European Commission , Danish Ministry of Economy and Foreign Affairs , and it will be necessary to make and analyse interviews to Danish and European politicians , economists and experts of this historic and economic field .
If people join the military service when they just 18 , it may learn a lot of life skills as there are quite a high claim in the military and the chancellor who work in the military may request to the soldiers that everything frequently be regular .
During our stay we require the following : twin - bedded rooms , in the same hotel , breakfast and on occasion , evening meal .
The brilliance of their presentations is so acute that an ordinary man is almost forced to feel enlightened in his ignorance , finally becoming brainwashed .
As requested I interviewed a large number of young people , trying to understand their main interests , especially as regards music , TV programmes and clothes .
As you said , the safety of the students is our maximum concern , we must be completely sure that you will take care of them , chiefly because most of the students are still young and we have a strong commitment to their parents .
We hope you will be ablte to take all thisinto account and will find it possible to help us continue and improve our club by funding us .
Therefore , context , including the participants , their social purpose , their means and channel of communication , plays a role in language choice and identity construction .
When he stolen the painting he wrote a note sayng : " thank you for your good security " and when he was arrested he declare that it was very easy to stolen the painting .
Regardless of what 's waiting for me at the end , I will never give up walking through those hard paths no matter how challenging and hard they may be .
It is called " Les Miserables " and has much to recommend it , including the plot , the cast and , of course , the soundtrack .
For this reason not all childhood friends grow older as close confidants , simply because they are not the same people as they were before .
The absence of the parents or the fact they usually have no control nor way to drive their choices makes me very worried about the future of our society .
In the past was better than now because grandparents or older people could tell you how to do something for the first time , they could give you some useful advice and you could establish a relation with them .
Alternatively every Friday in the parking next to Tivoli World , there is a street market where you can find every kind of products , local products , food , CDs , DVDs , etc ....
It has been suggested by some European governments to introduce televisions in schools to give the opportunity to discuss together about present topics and problems , in order to learn something more about the world we are living in .
A high number of tourists visits Cáceres searching for culture , heritage and typical food from Extremadura .
This street runs from the Viña Square towards the sea for about six or seven blocks , and has many small shops and businesses which attract a lot of people .
When my work there came to an end , I was happy , but on the other hand , I felt some kind of sadness too .
Second of all , theoretical qualifications are crucial for employees , as it helps t people to think and solve all problems in a fair way .
The worst thing is that people do n't know how to talk to each other , how to make conversation with new people or even though old friends .
But I love basketball and handball - especially the first one - every time when we are playing basketball at school during Physical Education , I 'm so happy about it and I do my best . I do n't know how to explain why I love this game so much .
We saw also Pirandell 's house , and after this we went to Marsala . during the evening we stayed in the hotel and in the morning we saw a museum and then we moved to Trapani where we visited the saltworks .
I love learning new skills and although I 've never worked in a kitchen before but I 'd love to try my hand at cooking .
On the other hand , cars tend to pollute more than electric trains and such problem ought to be taken into consideration when someone has to decide between using public transport or a car .
After 4 hours sat on an uncomfortable seat , we arrived at the train station and then my parents and me went to the hotel .
What if you 're alone and no one can understand you ( and you have no money and insurance to visit psychologist ) ?
I did not have to wait so long , though - after a while I saw our car 's lights glowing in the darkness .
When you go to school you have to follow lessons which are off course useful for your knowledge but , the way of following this lessons are not a natural work pattern .
He lived in Toronto , which is cold city , but which is even colder at 5 am , the time when Tom 's day began .
Establishing English as the new worldwide spoken language might be a favourable example since English is already spoken by more than 300 million native speakers and therefore the third most spoken language in the world , according to Ethnologue .
The expansion of public transport is one of the keys saving the planet , especially if the energy source used come from clean sources .
Try to avoid using filler words such as " like " , or " um " because they tell the interviewer that you 're nervous .
My typical evening out is going to Anec Blau and after that I go to the cinema to watch a comedy film or go for a walk with friends .
Third , implementing several advanced solutions , such as a calculator , a gallery and live chat , could make our page more useful .
If you want to start to ride on a horse , the main thing that you should know is " do n't be afraid of horses ! "
Another point from the article that the professor opposes is the claim that telecommunication helps to solve many problems that physical separation would cause to businesses .
It is sometimes maintained that when manufacturers and retail companies try to persuade us to buy something , colour is a very effective thing which helps them do that .
On the other hand , if you go abroad you will be able to improve your English in anglophone country , in this case , your knowledge will be reinforced with your stay there .
However , only a few students , just five or six , had followed his course and , recently , only two of them had been present .
My favorite thing to do is play sims 3 and sims 4 and listening to music , my favorite music type is rock and of course my favorite band is Green Day and of course then my favorite song is stray hearts(Green Day ) .
Bali is the most famous Indonesian island for foreign people , many of them even know Bali but not Indonesia .
The pupils have been taught English since their very first meeting with the English language in school so they are completely familiar in using English as classroom language .
To conclude , if it 's true that not all people use technology confidently , who is interested can be involved in using new technology even if the final results could be lower than their expectations .
Richardson 's methodology is fantastic and I think that there are more , and it is important that we know them in order to be informed about this important issue .
In 2002 , I was ranked 11th amongst 930 candidates competing for 40 places at the University Federal of Paraiba .
That is why I am writing this letter , to make you know what is happening in the city and to tell you that the police are not doing their job .
On the other hand , cars need more gasoline than buses which let out CO2 and other kinds of waste gases into the air , leading to the serious air pollution .
Pintores street is the commercial place of the city and it has a great selection of shops and restaurants with typical food from Spain .
I did n't know what charcoal ice cream would taste like but it was actually chocolate mixed with a bit of charcoal .
To conclude , Pride & Prejudice is an amazing adaptation which completely bewitches you with an exquisite blend of emotion and wit .
So that was my opinion about your problem and my recommendation but you are the one that have to take a decision , so good luck and remember to study also .
WHY BLOGS APPEAL TO BOTH READERS AND WRITERS
If you love the cinema or if you only want to take a break in your daily routine and meet new people and make new friends you ca n't lose this great opportunity to turn a grey Monday into an amazing start of the week .
If I had to give advice to someone who wants starting this sport I would tell him not to worry if he does n't feel confident .
The aim is to trace the new political , economic and social structure of Denmark in relation to the Euro and all its consequences .
She also explained that they did n't know how the majority of people on the island got there , thereby not all of them spoke the same language , but they learned how to communicate with signs .
There are many parks and green areas close to this city where young people could spend their time outdoors and having fun during all day before going out , such a park called : San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people are used to having barbecues there , after they had done any water sport or rented a boat .
Finally , in all cases , the stylistic choices are closely linked with the themes they deal with , which always concerned social issues .
Therefore and to sum up , Is my view , that public money is better spent supporting mix sex schools , which reflects the society we live in , as opposed to single sex ' which may reinforce those stereotypes that are mining society .
Since I was seven years old that I am on my city 's basketball team , and I have no doubt that playing basketball is one of the things that I enjoy the most in my life .
Over the past years , humans have renewed and improved scientific progress and this causes a big change in the life of every day .
Another shopping option is the main streeet in the centre of Viña del Mar , which used to be more popular in the past , but which was displaced by the shopping centres .
The LARGE NUMBER OF participants DID VARIOUS EXERCISES , INCLUDING a TRANSLATION into German .
If I do n't do that then I am with my dogs or with my friends or just at home playing sims ! AND THE SIMS 4 CAME OUT FOR LIKE TWO WEEKS AGO AND I AM SOOOOO HAPPY ! :D My favorite food is sushi .
I hope that this adventure goes well because we are very excited and it would be useful in order to find a job when we come back to Spain .
When Aria comes home from Iceland , again , the girls get mysterious messages only signed with the letter " A " .
On the other hand travelling by car allows you to establish your own pace , even when you travel to a place you do not know so well .
I 'm sorry it has taken me so long to write , but I have been working my fingers to the bone preparing for my exams , for which I 'm annoyingly nervous .
So , if my mental estimates are correct , there should still be enough space available to also place a little armchair , where I could read more comfortably than in my bed or in my chair desk , not very far from the window .
In addition , we made our own skate rails , and we used some help from my friend 's brother , who is in fact an Engineer .
There is n't a direct relationship between organizational culture and actual performances , but there is a direct relationship between organizational culture and expected performances .
When there is n't any race you can go and try different racing cars or if you want you can go and race a bike on the race track .
Principally , we need to have the Financial States , so we need them as fast as you can because if not we would have legal problems .
The father who had vowed to never look back at first ignores her requests , however , upon insistence from his other children and his sister agrees to go back to India .
Groban sings well - known from the film ' Once " song called ' Falling slowly ' in his own fantastic way but listeners get used to the first version might be disappointed .
I do n't see them doing activities , it looks as if they are just doing their lessons and want to use a book and that is it .
Michael decided to leave the kingdom , when he was just about to close the door he turned back to his coffee table and saw the letters , he had a hunch but he ignored it .
Usually , when facing tough opponents or decisive matches , they turn the stadium in a really large party in order to intimidate the adversaries ; coloring the benches with flags and jerseys - sometimes building wondrous mosaics to express their delight .
By contrast , in general North America had the lowest rates in deforestation and over - grazing , with 0.2% and 1.5% respectively .
I 'm placed next to Brain Cox and something inside me wilts because I know I am sitting next to a superior being and he will soon find out I 'm a two - celled worm .
I hope it would be fun there .and thinking about the beautiful scenery makes me felt that I must go while I can .I ca n't wait till the day comes
The story is about a couple of clownfish who are attacked by a shark , only the dad and one baby egg survived .
At this press conference Inocencio assured that next year he will try to prove if pigeons truly represent the Holy Spirit .
Also people think that travel in cars is faster than in public transport and I agree with it because the bus or the underground is always stopping in the different stations , so in this way the car is better .
Michael , together with his two friends , Adam and John decided take a vacation at Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .
For instance , parents tend to instil their own passions in their children and , consequently , they will likely be interested in the same academic or artistic field .
I am also very creative person , so I will not have any problems with organising activities and competitions for children . I am reliable person and I can work under pressure of time .
Michael Clifford was a lucky man who had everything he could ever want : he was a thirty - year - old English businessman married to a sophisticated mathematician with whom he had two sons and a pretty talented daughter ; he owned a successful corporation and had a gorgeous chalet near the sea .
The present chapter aims to introduce audiovisual translation ( AVT ) - one of the most popular type of translation nowadays .
It was just a miracle - it had turned out that the band 's manager was my good old friend Daniel and he asked me for help when he found out I was a big fan of the group .
I studied in Kuwait schools , after that I joined Damascus university , the faculty of human medicine , I graduated from it in 2008 with very good grade , then I got the Master 's degree in laboratory medicine from the same university ( Ministry of Higher Education ) in 2013 with Excellent grade .
He stopped at a great big building knowing that the fastest way to get to the top floor of the building was by taking the elevator , but what if the elevator stopped ?
My name is Afsaneh , I'm from IRAN , I came to London 4 months ago and I want to talk about Iranian celebration of new year .
Heading towards Tolmin & after passing the famous Solkan Bridge , turn right and follow the road to the left .
And , since it 's a summer camp and I do n't have homework to do , I would put all of myself into this job .
Students at some schools also have a possibility of exchange programmes but these can be quite expensive and not every family can afford such an event .
Actually I do n't like very much the computer games , because in my opinion they are so boring!I also think these games get a sort of dependency , like the alcohol or the drugs , so they can be very dangerous !
For example , in one of the " Hamlet " translations the main subject of the play turns out to be the relationship between Hamlet and Ophelia and Ophelia in a meantime appears to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviously to make Hamlet torture 's completely unbearable ) .
I like Doctor Who very much . I always dream to travel everywhere in time and space since I was a little child ! ! !
In my opinion , the findings need to be replicated in larger studies before other people turn to video - based therapy as a potential treatment .
While studying at the University my idea was to move to the UK to work there , but I got married so I could n't realize my dream . !
Lee ( 2014 ) defines three ways of self - presentations in most social media : ( 1 ) " online profile " ( p. 97 ) , that is the " entry point to social networking " .
Although it must be admitted that driverless vehicles are expected to help children , the blind , the elderly and others who currently can not safely drive themselves .
To be honest , in the questionnaire you send , I could give a positive response to the most of the questions but I do n't consider myself a code expert .
I 've been studying English for eight years and now I want to improve my English level because I need it in my job .
Of course when the groups arrange themselves , the two old men remain alone and they are forced to create a group with the discards .
Undeterred by this , it still the mother 's decision if she wants to save her own life or carry and care for her rapist child .
This has led to a growing gap between the rich and the poor , while the environment is also getting worse and worse .
" The event of the Natural Well of Ik Kil ( Yucatán ) of 2011 was the last one that I had before the accident ; now , I am getting over the accident and I feel at the 70 per cent " , explained the Colombian sportsman who noted down February , 2015 as the date to return .
I highlighted anything that required an action from me on my copy of the clues e.g. handing a student the answers to an exercise .
He stood up , hesitating for a few seconds , then glanced at his book once again and finally got out of his room and said " Please mom , tell him I ca n't go out , I have to study . "
Talking about places to eat or dance , near the Grand Station you can find the ' Num Pang ' , a good place to eat sandwich .
What strikes me more was that despite the fact that it 's set on the eve of the II world war , the film is n't really about the holocaust but a bittersweet fable about human courage love and hope .
Computer - based learning would be a great idea of attracting more foreign students because that will maximize their technological capabilities , so that more work will be implemented .
But everything became out of control for the criminals when one of her captors kicked on her abdomen , the substance spilles through her body and she begins to experience a different state of consciousness in which she dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to almost 100% of his capacity .
Aside from a great blue - print of a well - organized transportation system , which covers a good 25 to 50 years planning , it also involves local culture .
There are accounts to say about a woman who cut her breast because she found her son 's body pierced by a long narrow spear - like weapon in his back rather in the chest .
The power of imagination makes him become a teacher : he has to show men how to understand their feelings and the nature that surround them .
I 've never been to London and what 's more I 'm scared of big cities , therefore I 'll literally stick to you wherever we 'll go !
To sum up , there are many issues that affects people 's lives and we do not know how it would change in the future , but we are sure that in 50 years from now it would be an important change as well as it happened these last 50 years ago .
Almost all of them were heard shouting in panic " There has been a terrorist attack in our neighborhood " .
Since I worked twice as a group instructor at a local summer camp , I think that I am well - equipped to deal with 8 - 12 year old children from the experience I mentioned .
Monetary policy could be a very useful short term financial tool for a government to stimulate its worsening economy , and , from the empirical experience , many countries have successful applied such policy .
He was in disbelief , flabbergasted , never expecting that the person living next door would do something so heinous .
I like to beleieve that , like the old Latin proverb says ( and I have already said this ) , there will be glory at the end to the man who endures hardships in his path .
This is partly due to the fact I have picked up a few words which enable me to interact more easily with its citizens .
Although you may think that is a dangerous sport , which can be , the adrenaline rush you feel when you are in the water makes it worth the danger .
Suddenly , he thought that the workers will cut all the trees , and the squirrels will lose their refuges , so he thought that he had to do something immediately .
I am writing to you because I am interested in booking this service at your hotel and would like to receive some further information in advance .
The Reading museum in Berkshere has visitors from all age groups , but particularly suitable for young people who need help for school projects or want to take up creative things as a hobby .
I enjoy play it , particularly because it is a competitive sport and because you play with a team and not alone , and this for me is really important .
The first reason is because I already have studied there three years ago and it was a wonderful experience , I met very nice people from all over the world , I improved my English level thanks to very skilled teachers and I really enjoy my stay in Oxford .
According to Berkow ( 2004 ) , Airway management is one component of anaesthesia procedure to ensure the patient airway is opened .
I 've seen your letter and I 'm writing this to you to say what I do in my country to help saving the environment .
Wearing any kind of clothes have an effect on you , and obviously on your image .
I am not a class act yet I try to do my best , so if I have to work in a team I am the mover and shaker of the group .
before starting talking about the members of my family and if they are my best friends or not , I just want to say that my family is the most thing I love in my life , I respect them appreciate them also , and I think they are the best thing in my life .
In my opinion this sport will always be my favourite because it made me feel happy and have a great time with my friends , and it also maintained me in good shape .
You say in the letter that you want to work for three months . I think that you can try look for a waiter job in the towns with beaches during the Summer months .
Taking everything into consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recycle , which is the following one : The biggest waste of energy take part in primal resources industries , if we reuse all the materials that had already been exploited , we would reduce at least half of its costs .
Recently I read four great books about Shoah , they were very interesting , my favourite was : " The Book Thief",I read it for school , but I have already saw the film of this book .
Just before the beginning of mass tourism season in Turkey , it was announced that the passport should be valid at least four months from the date of entry .
Nevertheless , learning another language has many benefits , such as the ability in living and visiting countries with different languages , meeting foreign people , working in an international environment , reading books or websites in other languages , etc .
I looked at them trying to think of something to do and then I said : " Come on boys , WE are going to SAVE Niall ! ! ! ! "
Now you can shop on Sundays although your shopping spree still will be limited to Zurich railway station and the airport , not to mention some limited choice of simple foods at occasional motorway services .
A non - smoking policy was introduced by some restaurants ; the consequences were terrible : a large number of their customers vanished .
Both of them share superior , Hastings , who remains the ethically upstanding senior investigating officer ; zealous and suspicious , not being everyone 's cup of tea .
I know how to deal with people , I 'm very sociable and would try my best to be the nicest person alive .
I love it when this event happens , so many incredible games going on , best players of the world , three games per day at the start , and with very good looking players .
First of all , from a cost perspective , public transport is much cheaper compared to a car , especially when a cost reduction concept like ' car pooling ' is not followed .
Joe Wright directs this uplifting adaptation , which depicts the five Bennet sisters , who have been brought up to get married .
The plot is about a young man ( Bradley Cooper ) who has just been discharged from a psychiatric hospital and has moved to his parents home .
As not all inhabitants are sensitive about the environment , it is the local government 's responsibility to decrease the harmful effects of people 's actions .
On the following Sunday , as discussed , trees were planted and before we realized , they started adding beauty to our town .
Although there will be many bad influences of large - scale building on people and animals , the countries would develop better if governments could take efforts to solve above problems .
Pickpockets are frequent and you might end up being robbed , losing your money , credit cards and personal ID card as well .
Waste is thrown on the ground and very few people are concerned about this problem .
My duties included check guests in and out , plan and organize group arrivals , assist in cash advances , exchange money , check guest folios and give commercial information to customers .
Later on Scout begins to understand , not least because of her father and brother , that it is important to think before talking .
My name is Natalia Maciejewska Quiñónez and I am a citizen of Castellón .
So I believe , if you really want to pursue both , you can do it and I 'll support you no matter what .
Moreover , I think that I should n't ask them to have what we call a " therapy moment " as I do with my best friends when I 'm worried for something or someone , in fact I would n't know how to start telling them about that .
One thing that I 've learned in my life is that you never should take a break from your everyday routine unless you really need , due to fatigue or some other physical or pscychological reason , otherwise you will be , I repeat , just wasting time , time that you could be spending in an usefull way , by getting something done , or improving yourself academically , intelectualy or doing whatever you think that can enrich your life .
In addition , you 'll enjoy a breathtaking landscapes around you and you 'll also see a vast range of wildlife in both sides of the river .
They especially like the music store and a magnificent t - shirt store owned by two local designers , there you can design your own item and collect it the following week .
I love Disney movies like Mary Poppins and Peter Pan , but I ca n't see dog movies because if there 's something sad like the dog dies then I will cry .
In my opinion it is just a matter of time until all the transportation options will be public and the private cars will be left behind .
The author starts his discussion by discussing his particular passion for the Gothic architecture , and this passion is rather vivid throughout the entire article .
It is a steampunk story and I am supposed to be part of a secret society that is trying to stop an evil cult .
That is why , in fact , I am a big fan of George R.R. Martin as well .
And finally we have Phoebe , a veggie and bohemian girl who enjoys singing and playing the guitar and who works as a massage therapist .
Nevertheless they always inform about the latest news on their website and in their TV show as soon as possible and in addition they give a great overview of the necessary background information you need .
When was this seed planted in my wife 's brain to have a date night with me all dressed up and formal ?
Another very important benefit of learning new language is that you can travel you will understand people abroad and you will know how to communicate with them .
We do know that the incident might have caused some inconveniences , but the most important thing is that none of our guests or staff was injured .
Although the majority of the citizens in Zaragoza do n't give a special treatment to their rubbish , there are some people who have recycle bins in their homes .
The lecturer says that if the virus was bring to the original habitats of cane toads in South America , it will cause ecological damage to the local ecosystem . To sum up , the lecturer doubts the way mentioned in the reading that specially designed virus could specifically harm cane toads and prevent them from spreading .
The second , in the centre of the stand , was a column made of coloured plastic baskets , surrounded by plastic bottles .
Surprisingly , the result illustrated that these robots can not only put words in right order grammatically , but also recognise whether a sentence is correct or not .
In addition , I believe my international exposure and fluency in English , Mandarin and Cantonese will be an invaluable asset to the company .
This is important because you understand their way of writing and will be easy to understand . Enrolling in different forums that are in the language you want to learn will be of great aid to you .
But when we think about going to the shopping centre with our friends it can be fun . We do n't even have to have money , because we can just go and do windowshopping .
My hometown , Piliyandala , is probably the smallest town in Colombo district provides shelter for more than 100,000 people .
I am a very good hard worker and I do not have any problems with working in kitchens and preparing the meals for the children and my colleagues .
We did n't know what to do , so we only exchanged glances , then we decided to go out and see what had happened .
On one hand we have the people who lives on their sport , on the other hand there are ones who do any sport , indifferently , because it is just a way to lose weight or a way to spend their free time .
Dear Paul , you are right , it is really a brave step but you know how much is terrible the situation in Italy and I have decide to come to the UK to improve my cv as well .
In fact , since the beginning , the written rules have helped to create the civilizations while the unwritten rules have helped to maintain them , allowing life to be more harmonious .
I only wanted to tell you that Joe is going to make a party in his house tomorrow at 8 p.m. and I 'll be there "- she said
Although there are a lot of reasons that support that idea , this article focuses about the importance of reading as a great tool to exercise our brain .
Some people choose bigger supermarkets as they offer greater variety of goods , but require more time , while others just pop into the closest store and do their shop weekly .
Consequently , there are buses which run at short intervals on various routes , so that people can arrive at their destinations rapidly and conveniently .
First of all , it is essential for young people to learn how to take care of themselves , such as knowing how to cook .
If you have to take a train , you have to reach the train station by walking , taking a taxi or taking a bus .
Firstly , I am a young college student , a friendly person and devoted to my studies . I enjoy cooking as one of my hobbies .
I 've lived in the United Kingdom for more than one year and I 'm learning better than when I was in my country .
3 . L'Oreal slogan " Because you 're worth it " proves the author 's thinking that we are unwilling to sacrifice ourselves .
Within the town centre itself there is a wide selection of stores offering local crafts , fashion clothing , food or wine .
In my opinions , the purpose of the education is to teach and guide students how to facing the problems and making their own decision properly , not force them to accept what have already been arranged for them .
All the room was in order and the policeman explained to me that the man , who had been very old , had also been rich .
Five years have passed and I 'm still working for this company which has given me a lot and I 've been learning many things about accounting .
Taking the importance of learner autonomy and the importance of the pupils'motivation into consideration we have decided that they can follow their interests in this course .
The civil aviation agency had initially announced that six passengers , three players , two crew members , and one journalist , survived the crash .
The Scrumptious food served makes me go back there often . if you want to have a lip smacking dessert this is the ultimate place .
Public decreased their weight by three kilograms on average , compared to people who use the car to move and the study attributed this result to walk to the bus stop and running to catch the bus in the expected position requires goer public transport more traffic , while this does not happen with motorists .
In fact , I am studying a lot to pass the CAE examination ( Certificate in Advanced English ) , but I am facing several difficulties .
It has been found in the first section that a large percentage of the male respondents preferred to stay at home on holidays , while 90% of the female students would like to go to the seaside .
At first we did n't know what was it from , then I realized that the cake had blue berries , and I 've never eaten one before .
A lot of kids like to join the park next to the church : it 's not related to religion , here every child is free to come and play .
It was an amazing and very instructive summer camp and I must say that I am the proud owner of the captain camp assistant badge .
Related to the use of the car , I would like to say that the Extremadura 's roads need a big reparation because , for example , the road between Cáceres and Badajoz is very damaged and it is difficult to drive for it .
Among the popular sports in our country are football , basketball , swimming , volleyball , tennis , gymnastics , figure skating and others .
By taking a subway , you will be able to guarantee your arrival time for a class or an important meeting ; In some big cities , public transport plays a big role in a modern society . with great coverages and efficient routes ,
For me it was n't funny at all so I always tried to skip my classes , and I finally did n't go back the following year .
Following our communication to the marketing community , ideally we should also inform the sales community with the sales communication materials and guidelines .
I 've started this hobby since 2007 , and since then I have tried to have many different kinds of the singing birds , I spent one day in the week to take care of them , feeding them , cleaning the cages , change the water .
Wonderful inventions such as the train , bus and airplane have allowed us the freedom to travel and explore this great planet for a lower price .
Because of the lack of space , people had come with a brilliant idea of creating these floating houses , they are made of a special type of glass and have a spherical shape .
As normal humanbeings , you have to know how to spend money , where , when to spend it.it's not because you have more money then you lavish it .
I am writing in reply to your job advertisement that I saw some days ago and I think this would be the right opportunity for me .
Louis was convinced that this new project will be an incredible opportunity for him to try new things and study different fields , which he enjoyed , he loved to read about science , inventions , and stay up to date with the news .
The little girls thanked me , then I go to eat with my team and the day after we went back to Italy .
You said that your flight lands at 10.30 am so it 's better if you go to the train station near the airport .
She adds that it is not directly usable , because hydrogen should be obtained in pure liquid state , which technologically is very hard to be kept under -200 degrees celsius .
It was a rainy Monday afternoon and Michael was gazing out the window thinking about his life , when he saw his friend , John , dashing through the street .
The plot of movie is set in a small town where everything has its own eyes and because of that you must be aware of your behaviour .
Many people feel that learning English especially in ' England ' or in ' The USA ' , is better than learning that in a country that does not have English as its mother tongue .
If you prefer to go to the beach but you are not sure what to do there , here are some special ideas to consider .
Despite the difficulties that CLIL teachers have to overcome , the truth is that the atmosphere of CLIL lessons is in some way special .
But I have someone in mind that can help you at the restaurant is my sister Sorina you met her at my party .She is a lovely girl , hard working , flexible you will love to work with her .
My father has had a boat for as long as I can remember , so I 've been sailing since I was a little girl .
" In particular , many international students are too teacher dependent on uncritical of material that have been thought , prone to role memorization , they misunderstand the cardinal sin of plagiarism , and lack of knowledge of the genres of academic writing " .
A quick trip to the toilet changes into a 1 kilometer hike , which is not pleasant when you have small children .
To resolve this trouble , my village has created a plan to teach its population how important it is to take care of the environment and how to do it .
For more than 50 years it has been the main entertainment channel displacing others as radio , theater , cinema and , sadly , also books .
He then introduced himself and made a clear statement about the objective of the focus group and assured them that their identity will not be revealed .
I also recycle my old paper material such as old books , and this greatly helps our atmosphere thanks to the decrease in hazardous gases resulting from burned waste .
My parents both have been working since I was 12 so I had to take care of my little sister , who is four years younger than me .
The peak of his career was in the early 80-s , after the legendary Kenzo Takedo 's advertising campaign .
We were told this party would speak out against corruption , but now it is your own policy , and promises seem they were a bad joke .
As I see it , drivers really appreciate the freedom of choosing their destination , the time to leave or to arrive , even the people to go with .
I agree with your parents , maybe you could spend your money with something you really need and maybe you can buy computer games with the money you have left , or maybe you put aside money to buy something really important to you .
So it is not always a good thing , unless they are open - minded or have their own methods to punish you in a gentil way that wo n't make you regret telling them your faults or mistakes .
In other words , if parents spoil their offspring then they may become too dependent and incapable of functioning well in society later on .
She was on the cold ground , laying like a dead body , her son sat by her side , trying to wake her up .
I am an experienced cooker so I can also cook for the children , I am also a good singer so we can sing songs together with the children .
Many people do morning exercises , jog in the morning , train themselves in fitness clubs and gyms , and take part in sports competitions .
I argue that , rather than being submissive to the requirements of the editor or publisher , female authors in fact developed a more transparently reciprocal relationship between themselves and their readers than previously has been assumed .
The most common problem in crowded cities is that usually they have a lot of traffic jams , and this is because there are too many cars .
But in my opinion a sport is any activity that requires a certain amount of physical activity , one that can help you to improve your health .
4 . The author mentions the origin of the word ' compassion ' , in order to remind people the meaning of that word .
I think people will not go out of their homes to buy goods and foods or clothes , because professional robots will be invented and they will do anything that you want , and they will obey your orders .
The older people are limited in their abilities to use technology that could be valuable to provide enjoyable times at home , on the street , in a museum , etc .
Friendship was nurtured and we took time to do activities with friends and best friends were limited to one or two of the closest associates .
We could go shopping in the city centre , they have some very cool stores that we both will be able to enjoy even a Primark and I haven't seen some shops anywhere else yet .
If you want to visit me you have to do it in the next month because I have a football tournament , and I must participiate .
Large forests and country roads , where cars are not allowed , are also part of the offer .
And thirdly , it is an activity where I have been able to make new friends who , besides playing football as me , are very similar to me in other features .
So long as for fifty years the world lived under the shadow of the Cold War , fearing a fatal confrontation between the US and the Soviet Union , the dissolution of the USSR had a huge resonance not only in the US mass - media but also in the American society .
But after Michael read the first letter , and found out that Sophie was a princess , he thought he was just a game for her .
The day before , he and his two best friends , Louis and Lucas , were playing football near the police station , when Louis and Lucas started arguing with eachoder .
At this point , the vivid strands of grass were hardly visible ; the darkness had covered them like a blanket on a new born baby .
When I was taking a walk through the neighbourhood I saw this poster about the musical wicked and they were looking for someone to play the lead .
Nevertheless , there is a stomach - wrenching mystery and indecipherable codes around that sometimes makes a common man wonder about his vulnerable existence and unknowingly being - exploited life .
But despite all this there will always be people without a car who needs to commute every day so there is a long future for public transport .
In 50 years ' time , maybe not all of the natural resources will have been used up , but most of it then will have been exploited .
I care about fashion a little bit , so sometimes I go on a shopping spree and I spend a lot of money in some clothes shop .
Well , I do n't think that we will build a close relationship with anyone and building a family will be even worse .
An example on which they all agreed was:'In case you just met your new class , and you had to choose next to who you had to sit the most people were going to sit next to the girl or boy with the trendy clothes ' .
Then one of the band members and some early visitors came along and took me to the other side of the street into a pub .
However , this health management and policy class with open discussion was helpful for me insofar as I learned how to speak in front of others .
In order to make the series more interesting , the directors decided that each of the eight chosen ones would be in a different country .
If you take the time to ask around , you 'll find out that a lot of the most experienced sailors never took classes .
People have to sit next to other people they do n't know for a long time , in other words , you may be sitting next to suspicious passengers .
You should totally do the list and then when you finish it , you can send it back to me , and we can discuss it .
Regarding the reason for the described situation is due to the strong economic interests of oil companies which are intended to get as much money as possible , regardless of the damage that they are causing to species of plants and animals .
For example , the wider choose of programs from all over the World , allow us to discover new cultures , new languages and new societies without travelling , and this enhance our knowledge .
There are still borders , both on maps and in minds for us to overcome , but the situation has changed drastically in a century or less .
i know that i am not professional player and i am n't belong to any team but i like this game .basketball is so simple play but it is need Speed , concentration and The ability to determine the distances , it contains of two team of five player and each team try to get a high point by throwing the ball through the basket .
The woman is shown with her hands folded , with her breast , neck , and face painted the same color as her hands .
I had never expected that . I had lost my best friend , and I could not do a thing about it .
On the other hand if you find a real bargain and buy something in very low price , you will be happy and content for the rest of the day .
She is very brave , it does n't matter how difficult the problem is , the most important thing is to carry on .
I felt extremely nervous , I was about to commit a crime and my heart was beating uncontrollably , really fast .
People are more likely to take care of the gardening or shopping than participate in the celebration of Good Friday which makes the author connect Easter with a pagan spring festival .
I wanted to go out to her so I open the door on the wrong side by putting my long finger and ring finger in the little crevice .
I never imagined how hard the training was , how tiring and demanding the exercises were and how difficult to control the ball was .
I went to the cinema to watch a comedy with my friends yesterday , but I did n't like it because it was so boring .
If you want to visit the South part of Italy you must start your trip from Florence , the bithplace of the culture , then you must go down to Rome the capital city of my country .
Besides dispensing justice and dealing with judicial cases , the Jirga also covers all important aspects of monetary , political , and communal life of tribal society .
Of course , when we are talking about children and education , it may seem a bit complicated since this subject has both advantages and disadvantages .
When I was at university student , I wanted to swim well but I could n't swim . because I did n't have to swim in my life .
To make it clear , the bosses , who are always busy in their business , usually eat fast food , they go to KFC or Lottie Mart to buy them they even might get fast food by phone because of fast delivery .
Personally I usually get on with people pretty well and make new friends easily as I am a natural extrovert ( or so I think ) .
I go to the A 's quite often , about once per month , but I have never been in the Barrel so I ca n't tell you , what it is like .
In the future , every person will use his car and no need for public transport.this type of transport have a path and just take you for specific places and you ca n't use it to go to small streets .
I am doubtless it is an easy task : here you can visit many entertaining facilities , where you can find technology or culture , for example , and there are also many places to eat , dance , etc .
This book is very exciting because there is a lot of things that are happening and it 's not monotonous at all .
Migration brings all the cultural wealth and diversity in Europe and integration is an expression of civic cohesion , contributing to political stability .
A most famous person from my country is Mr. John Stefferson , who worsks in a department store and always planning how to make people life more comfortable and better .
You also need to know some basic rules such as putting out your arm to indicate when you turn and of course , you need to know the highway code .
In this report , I will describe the school system in my country , point out its flaws and conclude giving suggestions about how they could be addressed .
This has become a challenging issue that is leading most of them to start the same immigration pattern followed by Mohamed towards other Countries .
The woman is shown seated in an open area , and behind her is a vast landscape , which recedes to an icy mountain .
For goods , the marginal utility may start to be less than it was before after a while , and then we are advised to switch our buying to other goods .
Then , this is the spot where all - nation celebrations take place , like civil and military parades or seeing the New Year in !
The way I see it is that I learned to use cohesion in a correct way , which makes the paragraphs that I write more clear .
The video game Counter Strike is a good game for the computer , I think that play it is a good way to enjoy .
It is initially expensive but it is so handy that we end up thinking it is part of us and even think we can not live without it .
Those are a few reasons why it is important for us as a healthy group of people to have facilities in which we can practice this kind of activities .
Since I want to spend a night with my partner at your hotel at the end of December , I need a confirmation on your part of providing the room at that time .
The purpose of this report is to evaluate the range of options available for many twenty - somethings in order to choose their housing system in my country , as well as the main obstacles they face with each one .
These subjects mainly focus on math skills , grammar , writing , but there are not any courses related to life and communication skills or innovative science .
The first thing I must ask you is if you could find a place where I can stay , a motel or , better , a shared house . I know it 's a lot to ask but could you send me a contact of a company that is looking for a part - time staff ?
This statement fails to consider the main function of education , which is not training superstars or perfect robots but teaching students how to face and solve the problems they are confronted instead of escape .
Nobody wants to pay an expensive fine or spend time in prison , so fear of punishment might be effective and prevent people to make the offence a second time .
One of them was the day we went to a concert of our favourite DJ , we had so much fun , we danced , kissed and sang like never before that night .
Anyway , it turned out that the guy works in this agency , they organise concerts , parties and stuff like that , and he offered me the job !
The Capacity of used wind turbines on zafrana is 600 kw , 680 kw and 850 kw according to this site .
In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , it was the contrary , he kill people , destroys complete cities ; he smash all the architecture from the city , and a lot of bad things .
My family name is WONGWATJANAKUL but the result sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL that it is an incorrect .
I was a paramedic in first place but then I wanted to change something in my life and combined my hobby , which is going to the gym , and became a security .
" In the past Matilde your mother killed your brother , although she had a reason , he was a monster because he killed a lot of people in our city , so we went to another city . "
No one likes being " unfamous " and I do n't like not being Lady Gaga 's friend .
However , sometimes the narrator tends to fill in the gaps of his / her memory with imaginary parts or tries to embellish certain parts of the story .
And when you want to move around your city , if you go by car , most of the time you ca n't park your car because there are very few car parks in the cities .
Or maybe during the year off somebody could also decide that they do n't want to continue their studies , because they already found what they want to do or be .
How can I be here at D'el Arte wearing a suit and tie with my beautiful wife ?
Nowadays , more and more people are learning how to drive , as driving one 's own car is , as everyone knows , much more convenient than taking public transport .
A tidal wave of feelings sparked inside Michael 's head as he moved his lips along with Marianne 's .
It is a gripping film , starring by Scarlett Johanson and Morgan Freeman in a quite good playing , that will you keep tense until the last scene and does n't leave you feel unpasible .
Puck 's magic also adds to his naughty , cheeky , attractive character in this play .
Over the last decades , the spread of technology in our daily life has marked the beginning of a new era .
What is more , I am used to working long hours in both day and night shifts , so busy days will not be a problem for me at all .
Of course I miss you and all of my friends back in Sweden , but I will visit you guys soon !
Later , my parents , my brother and I went to turn around to relax us from all the stress of the week .
Naturally it 's mainly depends on us : if we could put our garbage into the dustbin , instead of letting it on the streets , it would be easier to keep it clean .
Second , it is true that shop in a shopping center is fast and convenient because one can buy all types of things together .
Another reason I apply for this job is that it will be really a good chance for me to help partly increase my income at this time and improve my family 's living conditions .
Sometimes I do n't have time for myself to have fun , and for what I can see from your place , it is very popular and full of fun people .
The Grand Bazaar is one of the largest covered markets in the world and it has more than 4,000 shops .
Another typical dish from the northern Italy ( it comes from the mountains ) is pizzoccheri which is a wheat pasta topped with cabbages , butter and typical cheese .
This movie is outstanding , I believe that even people who are not really into thrillers will enjoy watching it .
This type of transport is a great contribution to the environment , because it 's cleaner than those that need petrol or diesel to work .
Doubts began to creep in , " Would God show his mercy ? " .
It has a professional rehearsal studio that local music groups can just rent for pocket money , they can also rent instruments by paying a small refundable deposit .
Currently , I am working in the racing Tec of 5k and 10k on Cuernavaca , Morelos .
I think I can be very helpful to your camp , helping you taking care of the kids and also helping you in the kitchen because I really love to cook .
He shout " Who 's there ? " and suddenly the man turned over and the mystery man was Peter 's father and he said " I 'm proud that you have kept our secret .
I 'm not going to spend a lot of money for a ticket , because I 'm studying so I just have a part - time job .
When I 'm at work , I check my emails and reply if it is urgent and write down " to do lists " .
This means that in the past tree decades obesity has more than doubled in children , same that had diseases just like diabetes , ashtma , cardiovascular risk factors , mental health disorders and muskuloskeletal problems .
The square is also home to Lenin 's tomb , a granite mausoleum to the revered founder of Socialism .
If you want to buy some vegetables for your dinner you will have to wait until the next train arrives at your station .
He always honors the oldest and taught us of avoiding tells a lie.so far as I remember one day he was advising me suddenly a old man entered the conversation and told a foolish speech .
The weather is changing , in the morning there is high winds , at the afternoon it is sunny , and in the night it is very cold .
In addition , I have privately coached 5th and 6th grade pupils in Mathematics , English , German and French for the last 3 years .
An apprenticeship as a chemical lab technician in a high standard company and a Bachelor of Life Sciences with Specialization in analytical chemistry make me a highly suitable candidate for the position .
That would be an excellent alternative to the current means of transportation , since they are fast , are n't affected by traffic , and they are generally cheaper ( since they rely on electricity ) .
Enough talk , is time to make a decision : we want a better world , or , we want to see it destroyed in a few years .
The film is a horror movie which tells the story of a rich family who lived in an old mansion in an abandoned island after the second world war .
But that day - it was on spring and I believe it was Thursday - my English teacher told us about a literary competition .
Gnadenthal is a very small , consisting of almost only one single drivable road village , which is not famous for its size , though .
First , upon graduation , I immediately joined a highly recognized firm , performing a double role of legal consultant and sub - manager , when I was only 22 years old .
That is the reason why I have been thinking for a long time about a new device to eradicate starvation .
It is clear that staff would spend more time on their tasks if they were motivated by their boss , while unmotivated employees are more likely to spend less effort in their jobs .
When we went to Sun Moon Lake by cable car , wind is so strong!I felt a little nervous though the scenery amazing .
I had heard about slavery , discrimination , hate crimes against black people , but I did not know what really happened at that time .
During a meeting with head of the department in MOH I was complaining about service of the microscope by their staffs ( almost 99.9%from Olympus Microscopes are not under Service Contract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested to provide the required training for his all staffs , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
When choosing a club , I believe it 's important that an experienced coach is present who knows how to teach the basics .
he keep saying I love you but I do n't feel it any more , I sacrifice my life in my lovely country for him and left my family to be with him but seems like it was one huge mistake as I feel like I am living with a stranger and he is nothing like the man he promised me to be .
The problem is that maybe is too late and she only can wish " I 'd realized what I had when you were mine " .
Biology is still a hobby of mine , but I 've always been good with languages and so I 'm doing now something I 'm naturally good at .
and if the first time is not so good , try again : in different weather conditions , with different people , and different kind of boats .
Finally , when they were in the car , Peter turned round and he saw a little boy in the road calling for help .
When you come to my town , we 'll go out to a rock concert together ! Ca n't wait !
As the tagline is catchy , if the tagline is continuously applied on the other advertisements , it will not be easy to stray from the main idea .
Except classics like Friends , popular shows include How I Met Your Mother , The Big Bang and the new HBO talk show Last Week Tonight . I can say with high certainty that reality TV is no more in with young people in my country .
So , whether you take a year off or not , my point is that you should n't be wasting your time .
I am writing with regard to the campaign that you are promoting in favour of an international sports competition that could be hosted in my town .
My favourite places to visit are from the area I live in and I would strongly recommend those due to the fact that we can also meet and I would be delighted to see you again .
This is a nervous and excited decision to me but I wo n't regret it and I am ready to join the field of the Accounting and to be a graduate school student .
I must admit it was really hard to find a really good group of players , who would juice up the audience and also play for free .
I think I am right for the position because I think I can boost the motivation of the people about movies and push them up to share their particular point of view .
To summarize the Home of the Future will bring us not only a new kind of home , but also a new outlook on life .
As a secret I can tell you that I want to marry him so badly , I swear to god that my life would be much better if I can live all of it with him .
The second part will provide the aim of sales promotion as well as the analysis of some key sales promotion techniques in detail .
Now I have to admit that I have a problem I am sharing home with a ghost or two but I do n't mind as long as he or she leaves me alone .
Finally , football involves relationships in moments of tension , and this is the natural context for virtues like justice , courage and honesty .
She immediately noticed that the glass was broken , probably shattered in pieces by those boys who invited her to play with them at the mansion .
Micheal tried to hit the door with hammer , but it was useless because that door was made of steel .
The town , Lahori , has been known for its practices to preserve nature . in our town , we conduct monthly meetings concerning waste management , as well as pesticides .
He knew how Celine loves having her privacy , he knew the moment he admit to everyone that he loves her , she would never have her normal life anymore .
She would undoubtedly do an excellent job and for the reasons I have given I have no hesitation in supporting her application .
The image of the elegant fairy queen referring to a man with a donkey head as her ' lover'(3:2:186 ) seem ridiculous .
I think that Spain is an incredible country since it has all kinds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , lakes , and you can enjoy adventure activivities , for example , trekking routes , climbing , bungee , surf ... You can make different tourism depending on the city where you want to go .
I would welcome the chance to work as a part of your cafe where I will make a small contribution while developing my English skills further .
When I was younger i went to a camp , and it was one of the best memories I have so it would be really great to know I would make some kids make the same way .
I saw this advertisement on a web site and I instantly thought it would be a really great experience for me to improve my English , but also a great way to show how responsible and caring I am .
During my studies I doubled the conversion rate of a London based hotel 's website , and improved the effectiveness of their e - mail campaign by 150% .
However , both readers and writers not only do it as an altruistic and philantropic way but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to became famous if they really appeal to a large amount of people and they will abe also available to earn money thanks to the publicity .
She is very kind , sensitive and quiet She also has an attractive personality and a big heart but she is very nervous .
On the other hand , friendship is a two way street where you receive and give back the same favors and , naturally , I enjoy doing so .
At first sight those paintings evoke an emotion in the observer , and the name of the piece helps to have a complete knowledge of the masterpiece .
I know I would thrive as a teacher in your college , due to your belief in small classroom size and individualized support for students .
I do not agreee with the idea which says that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect way of transport for commuters and nowadays , a lot of people is conscious with the global warmig and the envirnoment , and refuses to use the car every day .
Mankind will have found other energy sources , similar to wind powered energy , solar energy and water powered energy .
In this essay I would like to highlight how a wide range of public transport can help people to save a bit of money and a lot of stressful hours stuck in the traffic jam .
When I was in school I used to go to my granparents ' home to have lunch because my parents were at work , I fondly remember my gandma 's great cooking skills that she still owns to this day .
After months of working in the house he finished , and his cousin gave him a bonus reward of one million dollars to start with , buying a big house with everything they want .
Nowadays I try to choose films with good actors or actresses , special scrips and plots , documentary stories or special renowned Director 's films like Almodovar , Sanchez Arévalo o Alex de la Iglesia .
After I decided to go with him at the contest , I was thinking to go at that contest next year to participate and win that contest , so this year I was wondering how is the program .
Last summer I worked with children aged 10 years old during a month and I had organised some activities on the beach such as football games and gym classes .
I love Grey 's Anatomy , this is supposed to be a medical drama , but I am sure this show has been beloved because of the soap opera drama parts .
For that reason , I think that for me , young people in the past learned a lot from their grandparents and it should be the same today too .
If you need any other details , let me know so that I can send them to you as soon as possible .
First I think that this job is perfect for me because I have travelled around the world and I know a lot of kinds of food , in fact in my last trip to Japan I learned to cook shushi .
I was lucky to notice that and I made it clear to the whole class that they should n't open their booklets .
I know how to treat children and how to make them have fun , something that would help me to organise activities and events for them .
He 's a really nice guy , during the concert we had a few drinks , smoked some fags together .
There will be no more greenhouse gasses , you can forget about escalating gas prices and , finally , you will not remember air pollution .
A lot of people are afraid of catastrophic events even thought it 's very improbable that the same thing will happen to us .
I do n't think that people will live forever in 50 years , but I hope that the life of our children will be better than ours .
However Narwal Ji has taught me from the basics of Indian singing , to being someone able to sing on stage in front of a large audience .
Since my view , to use the public transport in this case have two important advantages : the first one you do n't have to care about parking ; the second one you can move in a relaxed way reading a book , listening to music or talking with other passengers .
Antoni Gaudi was the Catalan architect who design it in 1798 and in 1882 its construction got started .
You never know what you are going to find when you are reading ( or writing ) and less if you are doing it on the Internet .
While these approaches are likely to solve the problem partially , they might have a positive impact on water shortage in a long term .
As it was full of spruces , it was easy to hide from the German patrols and people from both sides of the border helped Jewish , spies and English , Canadian or American pilots to flee through Switzerland .
The winner had changed Japan 's landscape , what once was the amazing city of Tokyo now was a sad and dirty city .
Nobody had noticed that the president of the social club has an award for the runner , and he received an amount of 30,000 dollars because of his effort .
I am forty years old secondary school teacher of Art and I believe I have qualifications that you may be looking for . I have been teaching students for approximately 15 years .
Overall , the whole process of making bank notes has six steps and they are design , metal plates ' preparation , printing , inspection , dividing sheets into three groups and distribution or disposal .
What is the obstacle that stopped these green infrastructures from providing the ecosystem service of mitigating and eliminating urban flood ?
On the one hand , many argue that younger people should be made ineligible for important government positions , and the implications of this opinion are clear .
As a matter of fact , Shop - rite is one of the best place in my opinion , that I would advise people to visit .
During face - to - face learning students have a teacher - student relationship , as well as a peer - to - peer relationship , allowing them to develop inter - personaal skills and coexistence .
There are several supermarkets and two anchor shops at one end of the street , which are convenient shopping venues for people who live in the city centre .
In mexico , a foreign person do not face difficulties to be hired by a company . I would be pleased to help you with this part of your experience in my contry . I know that you are someone who loves animals ,
If you pay between one and three euros you can choose little dishes of fresh fish and different types of salads .
As requested , I 'm an English - speaking guy and currently looking for a job that does n't disrupt my studies at college .
But us , ordinary people , do n't use computers to solve equations , we use them to type things , print things , design things , make games and to do much more ...
Undeniably , the food culture disparity between China and Japan is tremendous , although our ancestors were originated from the same ethic .
In my opinion , public transport will become more and more important in the future . Travelling by car maybe is convenient , but it also brings air pollution and traffic jams .
Although I believe that I already have improved my English since the beginning of the school year , I 'd like to improve my English vocabulary .
He presents a theory in which buying lottery tickets is not a misguided input into wealth production as some critics believe , but a valuable input into creating a sense of possibilty from scaping from one 's current life by acquiring wealth .
Meanwhile , Mark and Michael were talking with Russian ladies , they were beautiful and flawless , the scientists started talking about science and that sort of thing , and suddenly the ladies vanished , the men started crying .
Moreover , it can educate young people be more self - reliant , because the majority of teenagers at the age of 18 do not know how to be independent from their parents .
The aim of this paper is to show , through a transitivity analysis of the lyrics from three different songs , how language has influenced roles of gender
When I listened this CD by the first time , I could sense how the singer break out in these songs and how many aspects of her life thought her to grow up a little bit more each day .
Some of the selected aspects for this assignment were the characteristics that Holden says he likes in others of his favorite books since this is one of them .
I 've never understood why most people see a closed set of charitable organizations to choose from when they want to donate money .
However , as a resident of the country , we can not forget about the history and about our ancestors services rendered to the nation as well as our culture and ideology .
This is so difficult due to the fact that they usually feel stupid , miserable , hopeless and do not feel good about themselves .
This kind of rules are very important , in my opinion , because when you do an activity and comply with the rules you are being a better person .
The restaurant I would love to review for the class is one of the most popular restaurants located just near the downtown plaza .
As you know I spent last month in Eastern Europe working for a similar cultural organization and I have a hands - on experience in organising a cultural festival and particularly musical concert .
I liked this shopping centre because it has a lot of women 's shops inside , the facilities are quite atracctive and very up - to - day , the green zones are wide and it is supplied with a lot of wooden benches .
What we have to do is simply go to the public transport stations and there will be vehicles that will take us to anywhere we want .
Whenever I hear about famous actor or singer complaining on photographers following them , I ca n't get a smile off my face .
Tomáš Baťa had own office , but do you know what is a little bit strange ?
After studying art in Switzerland , he worked as a graphic designer , illustrator and artistic director in London .
Starting there , beginning as a dishwasher , being promoted until I got the main position as a Chef .
When he was exploring the bottom of the sea he tried to grab a rock , but just when he touched it scattered into dust , which vanished in the bulk quantity of water around him , that 's when he knew the next important thing that the invention needed to have : resistance .
Recovering is a hard and complicated process and when you add a pregnancy to this equation it just makes it even more painful .
Of course I recommend this movie , because it is very interesting and in some parts is funny too , and Nicole is the principal character so I love it !
The city of Istanbul is one of the famous and crowded cities of Turkey which constitutes the country 's economic , cultural , and historical heart .
But then everybody goes crazy , you need to crowd through the mob , argue with another person for one , special pair of shoes in your size .
Once a curious novelty that was largely considered a harmless addition to our sometimes dull and overly familiar environment , it was welcomed as fun and informative .
By taking MTR , one can save all the hassles of wasting precious time being stuck in a traffic jam .
From my experience , I feel that the food served in this restaurant is of fine quality not to mention how delicious the food is .
Fame is a side effect of job in the media and so is spine disease for people who work in an office or threat to life or health for firefighters .
The menu in not really wide - this is good in my opinion , because I 'm quite suspicious of the restaurants offering too many dishes ... The restaurant serves fresh food only , depending on the season 's products .
However the main disadvantage of the disco is that it ends very early at 10:30 pm , whereas the comedy club is open until 2 am .
For example , if they see drunk or dirty people on public buses , they could avoid sitting near them or report them to the bus driver .
When I was nineteen , I started and ran my own business , for me , was one of the most exciting choices that I made .
I also got to know myself better and I have reached a descission of what I want to do next year , I am going to study at the university .
I would like to talk about my hobby of breeding birds , this hobby is very pleasant to me and also for many people , especially when you have different kind of singing birds like canary or finches … .
I do n't know what I have to say but the only thing that I know is that my English pronunciation is not very good .
Her intelligence in young age was a Problem for her teacher Miss Caroline , because never had such a well - educated pupil before .
First and foremost , it is difficult to feel deep emotions when it comes to living in a place without real social contact .
It has also influenced the international relations not just within post - Soviet area , but also in the entire world , as the period after the collapse of the USSR was marked as crash of bipolar structure of international relations .
I really like reading many kinds of books , magazine , etc.when the weather is bad , I love sitting in my favorite armchaire , near the fire place and reading .
It 's good to know that you 'll be in the shop next Saturday while I 'm away in Lugo .
She started to shout and cry , because she was very happy that her fiance came from abroad one week earlier than he planned .
The first place you could visit is FEXPOCRUZ , you will be astounded with the gorgeous girls and the fascinating business you can get it .
All of a sudden there was a loud voice that echoed through the neighborhood , and one can almost imagine the silence shattering like a glass .
Secondly , it is unthinkable to suggest it in outdoor bars and restaurants - such an idea is completely unworkable .
Combining a catchy theme tune and a well - designed visual advertisement can increase the chances of viewers remembering the brand .
The truth is we are always learning , but how we learn is another matter , there main type of learners are auditory , visual , and kinesthetic .
Therefore , Jake tries to arrange his stays with one goal in mind : travelling in a comfortable way but saving as much as possible .
I am rather lazy as a person , I ca n't say I really enjoy sports in general but I definitely love walking .
The food is always in a big restaurant where we eat the best food of the city , I recommend you to come a Spanish wedding .
At the moment I am living in Germany , but if I could come to your English course , then I will find an other location to stay , that 's no problem !
I was lucky to remember the word search at the end of the booklet , so I asked them to do it in pairs .
Firstly , teenagers today eat lots of junk food , which is definitely harmful , as it leads to obesity ( Summerfield , 2013 ) .
When I got to the door , I realised suddenly that something was wrong . I anxiously turned and looked at the window .
It was 11 pm and her boyfriend was n't in their house , she started getting confused and temerously .
It is well known in the whole of Europe and many foreigners are coming to Poland just to see the Cracow city and among other things the Wawel Castle .
I can cook and I like organizing sports and different types of activities , so I think I would be really suitable to work for you .
We are just three girl , and I think this kind of riding is so much more fun than riding at a stable with big groups and so on .
Micheal was afraid he was waiting for sara to get out he went to the shore to look if she went from the other side but he found no footprints.his mother called him he went home and still thinking about sarah.it was night and ge was afraid ti get there again.he went to sleep .michael closed the door and knew at this moment he had made a mistake .
The government can to improve the public transport making a great investmenting like changing the old vehicles for new and increase the number the bus , trains and build more bus station and trains station this kind the action will help a lot the quality of the public transport for population and will become the life of the people more easy .
But if she did n't take this job , she would regret it her whole life , and live with that was something she was not willing .
The source of this rule is easy to be identified especially when the parents are talking to their kids ; it is hard to get exclusively the kid 's attention , but the parents insistently repeat , " look at me when I am talking to you " .
Because you are the best teacher in the whole world!many of our class classmate really like you too!We know that you are going to teach Discovery - bay primary school .My English result is better once you taught me I really love you , Ms Cumings!your friend Ms Decock told me that she is going to Australia , and I love you two both I hope you that you will come back some times !
Raimond Belle was a former Vietnam souldier and worked as a fireman in the French army .
I was born in Danderyds hospital but lived in Stockholm , when I was four I moved to Danderyd .
As a father of three boys and one girl aged 7 - 10 years , I have the ability to create and perform fun activities .
I hope the world will not being destroyed by human , but in the end everyone knows that the entire of the world will be ruined and nobody will be alive .
Most importantly , before distribution , printed sheets with 50 bank notes per sheet have to be checked whether they are of perfect quality or not .
If you just learn how to keep a control of your body standing on a surfboard and how to steer a kite , there 's nothing that seems hard any more .
In contrast , the technology have been becoming more useful and it could do works that we had to do some years ago and having more free time could be better for us .
I am writing in response to your advertisement on the noticeboard in our language school inviting applications for the post of Club organiser .
They can also have constant mood changes and high levels of nervousness , since they may have lost many hours of sleep whilst studying for a certain exam .
He might have tricked the monsters into a trap , but such creatures , almost too evil to be real , can never be stopped .
Trams are available 24 hours and tram stops are evenly distributed ; it takes no more than 8 minutes walking from one stop to the next one .
As far as I 'm concerned , the city is no longer a museum displaying sumptuous and ostentatious monuments .
I may have not perfectly carried out my responsibilities , but I know somehow in my one year stay in Gala , I have made a difference to my students ' lives .
The look and feel should follow the " material design " standards as they are defined by Google and should use more modern fonts .
The sublime inspired many writers likeW. Wordworth and S. Coleridge , who had a conception of it as the feeling brought by the view of infinite spaces , like desert , sky or ocean .
After that day , I started to be able to sympathize with people who have lost their beloved ones because I have been through a similar situation .
If you require any further information do n't hesitate to contact me on 666777555 in the evenings .
How have you been ? I 'm writing you this letter because I think I found the perfect flat for you .
But the year right after you finish high school is a perfect time to find yourself , to decide what you want to do with your life .
Publis transport is always going to be slower , less flexible and much less convenient but we have the reassurance that we are doing what is best for our planet .
In ten years , they did n't change that things , because they are delicious and no one would like to eat anything other than roast !
I had always believed that the best memories of life were when you meet new people , new places , going out with your friends , taking sun on the beach , thingS like this .
However , over the past years , people have been travelling mostly by car which seems to have led to higher levels of air pollution .
Without a mind and body regeneration , you will not be able to learn as fast and as effectively as you would after a good rest .
I 'm easily excited and nervous because this oral examination will determine wether i can do my A -level on the college of further education in Bamberg what i really want .
First and formast , the bank notes should be designed and the design includes background colour , artwork and securityissues .
I 'm a sociable person , so I would n't have any problem in a group , provided that there are n't Italians , because in that period I would n't like to talk in my mother tongue at all !
Needless to say , if young people have to take care of their parents or children , they have to make more money .
Long before our journey I knew that I would love this country , I would fall in love with ocean and sea once for all .
So many twists and turns - she played her cards well , I never suspected while sitting in the pews next to my wife that when she leaned forward with a pained expression on her face that the evening would end at D'el Arte .
Other than that public transport is also not good for Natural resources which is not good for the future of the country .
Also the food will change in the future , capsules of your favourite foods will be available at the future in the mobile supermarkets , these capsules turn into your lunch as soon as you put a small amount of water on it .
If you like the great views from a high hill , as well as having a relaxing time with yourself or sharing it with other people , golf is the perfect sport for you .
Emphatically I reminded myself that I should n't have survived had it not been for God 's help !
Michael asked me where I had been at the time of the crime and I answered him that I had been at home having a rest with a friend who could bear out the alibi .
For example , it is claimed that it is more convenient to travel by car than bus because you can make breaks whenever you want to and they are more spacious .
Also , many observers of weather , stars or space come here , since this is an important place to observe weather , stars and space .
Such a phenomenon is also worsened by the education curriculum adopted in many schools , which has failed to adapt to the changes brought in the society by globalization .
It is perhaps the majority nowadays who find change refreshing because of the new opportunities it holds out and the possibilities of getting on professionally and socially .
For instance , in Chile the programme Elige Vivir Sano tries to improve the eating habits of young people in educational institutions , where fun activities are promoted to students by integrating healthy living ( Elige Vivir Sano , 2012 ) .
m98fhdf.fmn34@hotmail.com
On Friday , we went on an incredible sightseeing but the guide told me not to take pictures because I had to buy them .
In particular , he applied the theory of Joseph Nye Jr. 's " soft power " to the relations of Russia and Turkey .
On the other hand , cars are always there when you need them and you do n't have to depend on anything when you have a car .
The Headmaster had asked his school 's teachers to begin a class in English and she was one of them .
Secondly , my idea is putting on , at least initially , two lamps : a white overhead one and a red desk one .
This is a great problem during the winter : almost every student has suffered from illnesses during that time of the year .
It was made in the right place for such an unexpected film as it was made in a big manor on an abandoned foggy island .
It is n't easy at all , they 're too different languages , and I prefer to use the software " Grammarly spellchecker " to get some help .
Regarding personal skills , there are a large number of cases in which children were born gifted for the same field as their parents having great potential for a specific art or science since early childhood .
The ' Juliets ' even had to shave their beard and moustache and enjoy their role throughout the play .
You can choose the time and the days you will like to go and she has fantastic offers if you do not want to spend a huge amount of money .
Red is matter , brutal and heavy and always the colour which must be fought and vanquished by the other two . "
Parkour is n't just a physical discipline , there is also the philosofical part . Altruism , " be strong to be useful " ( it is actually a frase Natural Method ) , develop your body and mind so that in a dangerous situation you will be able to save yourself and other people and so on .
Now , we can look at those Pyramids from the other side of the world , receiving a live video feed in a device we hold in our hands .
They will bring a lot of good sense of humour , music , dance , and anything you can think of that should appear on stage .
At home I convinced my family to recycle and reuse the water that we ca n't drink , to give to our plants .
Do what you can do , and when you think that you ca n't do it , try your best .
In conclusion I think there will be no obstacles and objections to host this sporting competition in my town which on the other hand is also a cultural event for many of the participants .
He gazed at it , a bit worried about the possibility of more raining during the night , but proud of having put the farm in shelter .
However , it is also likely that people 's life , such as loneliness and depression , might explain the effects that social media can have .
For Lombroso exceptional people are independent , away from the banality of life , isolated , impatient , asocial , often considered crazy .
Watching TV seems to be top on our list of things to do after a long hard days ' work with a hot cup of tea in dark winters .
Of course being in a similar situation does n't seem to be easy but I think that it is one of the prices of being famous .
I 'm sure you 'll agree with the fact that basketball is a good sport for the body and soul too .
On one hand you put all your things in the car and drive anywhere you want to , on the other hand if you feel not very well to drive , you have no money to buy a car or the downtown of your city is closed for all the means of transport except for the public ones : tram , bus or trolley bus is your wayout .
The good use of magic is when Oberon use ' love in idleness ' to make or rather " force " Demetrius to fall in love with Helena .
That 's the raison d'être of horse racing : lose or win money .
However , it is also true that there are always minors who have no choice but to take public transport and also for their parents it is definitely more reliable .
I just get the 1st degree international black belt and I would like to tell to anyone he just starting this sport use your abilities and skills for the right things .
They teach the same things over and over again and do not rethink if those beliefs and actions are really right to help the world change and be a better world for everyone .
This centre should provide activities that do not require much physical effort for this kind of people like petanque or something like that .
Therefore , the hardest task of learning another language is to keep a high level of motivation to work on it and to pay for it .
Firstly , I must say that I do n't consider that my family members are my best friends , not only because they have other problems to care about but also because I do n't know how to tell them my problems .
Look , they are still very young and they are all prone to bad influences through parties without parental control .
It was exactly when he was hesitating whether went home to face the beatings from his stepmother or not that two craps leaped up out of the ice and flopped onto the bank in front of him .
Never in her life had she been to as crowded a city as Danang so she feft very nervous but extremely excited about meeting her lover soon .
When traveling to city centers , choosing public transport is to be advised , because parking a car in the city is really expensive and it is very hard to find a space .
Even though their couple was of the quarelling type , everyone around them , friends and family agreed on the fact that the pair was as solid as a rock , and despite the ups and downs , love had always won in the end .
When we reached the workshop the kids and I were told to put on protective glasses and given booklets with the instructions .
It seems a result of the fact that , after a long day , people prefer to unwind in front of the television , watching " entertainment programs " rather then news or what 's up in the World .
I strongly agree with the statement , that famous people also should have their own private lives , which no one 's following and that no one knows about it .
Despite all the hard work I had to do , I would not have to think twice if they ask me to do it again .
This is the hotel of my dreams , but the most important is that the people were happy in their accommodation , if they are happy they will return next year .
See , football is more of a mental sport than anything else , so running on the track was n't only about getting in shape . We would push our minds by running as hard as we could even if we felt like we were going to pass out .
During the afternoon I tried to keep my smile all the time because I did n't fancy going explain what was wrong with me .
Then , the large number of entertainment programs broadcasted discourage those who want more cultural or factual programs , as they have been drastically reduced .
Now , after all those long years have gone by with full of pain , disappointments , missing and regrets ; all I have was the memories which saved by him into a little wooden box .
Even though I am shy and I like my privacy , I think that during this experience it will be better to have contacts with foreign people to practise my spoken English as much as possible .
Actually , now I 'm staying in New Zealand , but I can give you some advice about travelling and working in Korea .
The course will give your young visitors not only a lot of fun but also a general knowledge about Polish culture and eating habits as well .
All these Victorian novelists use very detailed descriptions of places , people and feelings in order to make their novels as realistic as possible .
Watching the sunset die between the humble houses and four chapels , one in each of the cardinal points , dedicated to Santiago , San Bartolomé , Los Mártires and La Soledad .
Due to my interest in law and economics , I developed a multidisciplinary research applying the economic analysis in contemplation of illustrating the mutual influence of rules and economic transactions on the legal certainty of transnational transactions .
Cookery programmes , films , documentaries , talkshows … It 's clear that there are lots of different programmes on TV nowadays .
It 's usual to hear that this kind of bond is the strongest inside a family , because everybody thinks that siblings are the only ones whom you could rely on , despite not always it 's true .
However , the use of recycled water for daily routine is less common , because many people are repelled by the thought of water that comes from our toilets or drains .
He 'll be in front of the place at 8.30 , just 15 minutes earlier than we open the doors .
Sachin and Ganguly was my favorite cricketers , I love their batting .
I am prepare for long working hours , that 's no problem for me , because I am young and I like working and spend timee with people .
This report has the aim to show and discuss the main ways to reduce the pollution and to take care of the environment in Zaragoza .
It would be perfect if they served alcohol as well and they told me that they are in talks with the building management to do so .
Also , I learned that you have to be very enthusiastic and self - confident because finding the sponsors for a concert is quite a difficult task I liked that teacher trusted me .
I like a lot of songs but I think it 's Let 's Do It Again with J Boog because I like the singer 's voice , it 's a soft song and it 's easy to sing to .
It is more convenient to move from here to there when you take the bus or subway because you do n't have to worry about your car while working .
However , as educational institutions , universities and colleges have an obligation to provide a wide range of knowledge to their students to help them develop academically and socially .
This story continues until the end of the soap opera , when Ross and Rachel finally have a child ( Emma ) .
Maybe it 's because in basketball , you have to run a lot and you have to be really fast , and my second favourite sport is running .
I have to start saying that I never imagine swimming like my favorite sport , because until my back 's injury , I practiced other sports , I most like extreme sports like downhill , skateboarding martial arts like Aikido , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , but for my injury I have to start swimming and now I love it .
It is true that there are five stages in the whole process.we can see that the processes begin with design and end at packaging and distribution .
Just think about your future and in your family , and when you see rubbish lying in the street , remember that you can become the superhero that someday be satisfied because he did something to save the planet .
Sagrada Familia , or also called Gaudi 's Cathedral , is a very touristic Roman Catholic church located in Barcelona which is still in construction .
The condition starts with pain when you move your shoulder joint and then progresses into total failure and limitation of the shoulder .
What 's more , the importance of the protection of nature can be emphasized by educating citizens gradually , no matter in campus or in the public places .
And I like to trust my thoughts and secrets to them , because I know that my family is loyal to me , and their mouths are closed .
In my opinion , Pollution is a problematic on the entire world , not only in modern countries , so we should try to recycle more , any kind of help is necessary .
nice to meet you ! I 'm Lorelain , I 'm 36 years old and I 'm from Rome .
I'm very excited!I'm going to the United Kingdom in a week 's time but I 've already made some plans about it .
But I guess it was too big a shock , so Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
For example , a close relationship or a serious illness make us look at the world around us through different eyes , and also they let us grow into more interesting and nicer human beings .
I know it is wrong to have strong feelings for someone who is definitely older , and I know nothing will come out of it .
Since last century , the world population is more present in the bigger cities , which , as a result , have been increasing in size and in problems .
I would like to apply for the job you advertised last week because I am quite sure I would be perfectly suitable for the post .
On the other hand , at present , people identify another knowledge revolution , the internet in which the access to the knowledge is easier and faster leaving aside books .
As part of the same planet , protecting the global environment is not only the task of the government but also the task of each of us .
I 'm sure I 'll have many mistakes but I feel good because I must write and write and write I need to improve my English level . I must not fell bad if I want finally learn English very well .
I remember having tasted the " casu marzu " , a typical Sardinian cheese which has some little worm inside !
The river was flowing down with great noise , and its level was slowly rising up , as it had been happening for the last few days .
I like to play football and floorball , I like also to be with my friends and it 's also fun to play video - games .
People should get used to the fact that most companies will also care about your previous work experience , and the idea of gaining that through school would be really appealing .
I had to work as a liase with clients as well as the company officials ( since Shriram Law Consultants is a part of Shriram Group of Companies ) .
Nowadays , we have a lot of electronic devices such as microwaves , remote contols for tv , electronic devices for cooking , personal computers , and so on and so forth .
Luckily , we had arrived very early for our flight , so we still had time to do something about it .
Pressure exist everywhere ; for instance , your boss was angry and shouted on you or you should carefully deal with the relationship between you and your father - in - law .
From the above , as far as I am concerned , when Franklin Rosemont argues that " books can not be killed by fire .
First of all , we would like to thank you for letting us know about your concerns and giving us the opportunity to explain ourselves .
Generally , the holiday as a whole was good enough as the most important -in my opinion- aspects , like the quality of the guided tours and the accommodation , was very high .
Polish people had to defend Częstochowa and rescue their countryBut the polish resistance was smaller and smaller .
Hans Feurer is a mainstay of fashion photography since the late 1960s .
If any one you would like to start practicing this dynamic and amazing sport , I would tell you to try it as soon as possible .
On the big day I must say that I kind of felt numb , I did n't know what to think and what to feel .
Michael , my never - ending love story , was walking down the street one night with no particular thoughts in his mind .
I 'm sure that you wo n't be disappointed with town I live in because there is a lot to see !
In conclusion , from my point of view , it 's true that is less probable to find negative feelings inside family , like envy , refuse or hate .
It 's a multimedia device that while you watch TV , you can listen and see other people or cartoons , and it seems the characters are alive talking directly to you .
You then could pay your debt , get a new car , buy a new house , invest or retire , or do just about anything you would do if you currently have $ 10,000,000 in your bank account .
This year , I have finished my degree in Mathematics in the University of Zaragoza and in September , I will start to study to become in teacher .
I 'm a member on it and its goal that improve the positivity of our society by setting projects serves many people who really needs our help .
Using public transport can also save time , since you do n't have to spend time looking for a place to park your car .
I 'm sure that if you spend some time studying the information you can find there , you 'll have mastered the tenses the next time we see each other .
It 's worth seeing because a young boy , Charlie , helps him get through his sadness in a very luxurious trip to New York .
Despite the people 's opinions , if you have the opportunity to go , do n't throw it away , and check it for yourself .
I consider myself lucky because I know I can always count on them , and because they love me as much as I love them .
So , that 's why I gave up the idea to do it and decided to be a shaggy - girl= )
Also I remember sweat perfume of Spaniards ( and Spain itself ) , spreading through the streets of old town and mixing with the smell of fried fish that is ready to be served in numerous bars , cafes and restaurants .
Everything that goes on in the famous person 's life , including births , deaths , illness and divorces is fodder for the tabloids .
Those children are too old for babysitters now , but I love children and would really like working with them again .
Just running 30 minutes a day , you can improve your physical activity , lose weight , and improve your brain .
They will soon be engaged in a healthy , defiant and never boring activity and also will develop strong bonds with each other , responsibility and compromise .
Verdict - I was very impressed with the desserts at ATUM Desserant as they were delightful for both the eyes and the mouth !
I do not know why this kind of feeling arose , but whatever it is , I enjoy my days with family members .
Traffic is a really big problem in cities nowadays and only the use of public transport can make a significant difference in the quality of life in our cities .
It 's really depressing to see kids being engrossed in soap operas or some useless reality shows or cartoons .
The effect that ' love in idleness ' has in the play , creates the plot and so potions play a main role in the book .
When I was young I used to watch television every afternoon to learn interesting things as geography or maths and it helped me a lot .
Not many of us are going to risk our lives , especially when we all know we are going to have a fresh start in college .
Maybe it 's not a vital part of being a well known sportsman but it 's important when you want to work something off during your career .
Occasionally her older sister would watch her down from the hall and poke her index finger on her forehead . " What a jerk " she 'd mutter under her breath .
They say that the Earth 's population will need to find and colonise two planets as our forests and fresh water supplies will vanish .
Naseer Khan was an able General , trained at the court of Ahmad Shah Abdali , the hero of the third battle of famous Pani Pat . "
Through our work we find an identity , we can find status , intellectual stimulation as well as wealth which enables us to buy comfort .
Doing such sports people learn how to overcome difficult situations and how to survive in an emergency .
Anyways , I would n't want to ruin the ending but I would definitely recommend you to see what happens next !
6 ) How would you describe your Excel knowledge level on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Thus , I suggest that everyone learn another language , in order to be a citizen , not of a country , but of the world .
Firstly , being at schools with lots of other children in a class develops your social skills , but learning at home , makes you lose contact with others .
Topkapi Palace was built in 1470 's and Ottoman Empire was ruled from this palace for 380 years .
On the one hand , if you belong to a School you can participate giving information to the children about the cathastrophic image our village would have if we do not reduce the pollution in the minimum range .
Honestly , I could not agree more , as the website as it is available today is an inconvenient tool providing insufficient informaton .
However , it is probably a truism that reading about or watching films about a country are only pale subsitutes to actually going to visit a place and experiencing the differences yourself .
the Doctor is an alien from the planet Gallifrey and he travels in all of time and space with his companions that are normally humans . in his experiences he saved whole planets to other bad aliens .
He did not want to fight with me because he was smaller than me , so he just ignored me and walked away .
It might be a cause of concern that all the research done has been under the command of private corporations that deny full access to experiment reports , leaving a cluster of questions without any answer .
I planned a mock test about the course followed by the students as homework ( they have been spending about two weeks studying the course ) .
Although there are a lot of people who strongly believe the best way of travling around the city is by motorbike , there is also a big part of the society who is sure it has too many drawbacks to be worth buying one .
After leaving London I 'd love to do two months of volunteering at a children hospital in York .
So , if you prefer save money and look fine , you have to visit ours outlet where you can find all that you are looking for .
And if you do decide to take it seriously , this sport will put you through workouts and sustained practices that are going to make you really fit .
Secondly , the student have a good body shape can easily to make new friends , and joining a sports team allows students to maintain good body shape .
This could be seen as something minor , but being able to do the sport you love without paying is an incredible advantage .
All in all , I think that helping our environment does n't have to be big time . We should be aware of the fact that mother earth is irreplaceable nor irrevocable .
" Atrio " is the most important restaurant of the city and it has been recognised with two stars of the most famous guide for restaurant from Spain .
The study guide does n't need to necessarily be a long and complex one ( since those may cause them stress too ) ; they may be just a quick review with a couple of concepts and exercises .
An enormous 400 by 150 metres , Red Square lies in the centre of Moscow and on its four sides stand the Kremlin , GUM ( Department Store ) , State Historical Museum and Cathedral of the Protection of Most Holy Theotokos ( aka St. Basil 's Cathedral ) centres of government , commerce , history and religion .
Young people can enjoy going to the cinema in the city center after having some " tapas " and some drinks .
Initially , we had some problems because the resistors did not increase the temperature enough to warm the water .
So it did not materialize for the transport sector often necessary capacity to provide reliable and safe transportation and moderate cost and in spite of the high demand for transportation services in the Arab countries are still public transport systems are undeveloped and drive people to rely on private cars .
This leadership role required proficient communication skills , as I was providing support to people of different ages , backgrounds ( with varying levels of English ) or levels of technical capabilities .
Likewise , there are many conspiracy theorists in the world who time and again circulate rumours regarding the existence of a secret organisation ( illuminati , for instance ) that runs the world secretly and plots for all the pre - timed wars and terrorist - attacks .
With our analysis done , this final part is where the results of our work is written and we can tell the difference between these songs and what we thought at the beginning
' Do you still plan on finishing our bet or the rumor is true Michael ? You have fallen to Miss Jane ? ' it was Nicolaih Heindric voice . '
The staff is so good , they are really helpful and they are always looking if you 've finished to take the dirty dishes away .
If you need a place to stay , I have a guestroom available , but that 's entirely up to you .
Women were in charge of the household chores , some of them could get a job as a servant of a Caucasian family .
Last but not least , fewer car accidents will happen if people choose to use public transport so traffic jams will be avoided especially in rush hours .
I do n't want to be a part of your life because if you act like that without knowing me than you do not deserve my attention .
I like English because it is very important to know other langeuge to communicate with other people and ir I go to another country it is very inportan to know English .
Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) refers to the " forms of participation " in a social media and having the sense of audience in mind as the key elements that can possibly change " the way people think of themselves " that changes the way they present themselves and their identity online thereby .
But some people can get annoyed by this kind of activity . They may be irritated by loud music in the shopping areas , long queues at the cash desk and crowds of customers everywhere .
Think of the Olympic Champion Nadia Comaneci , artificially stopped in her physical development to preserve her graceful childish body .
The name of this construction is related to two reasons : one reason is related at the dimensions of the building , the second reason is because near there is a bronze statue .
" Resolution number one : Obviously will lose twenty pounds . Number two : Always put last night 's panties in the laundry basket .
Michael 's mother cried for months and his father tried to look strong , but you could hear him sobbing at night .
I saw deer , bear , lynx , bison , wolves , lemurs , vultures , red pandas and other animals .
Despite the rise of social media , the idea of community has changed radically , because people are sharing interests everywhere on the planet .
40% of the girls read books several hours a day , while 13% of the male students do n't read in their free time at all .
It does not seem like years have passed since I first met her , but it was some time ago indeed .
Our working identities can change over time , our identity and behaviours as a young graduate are different from those of the professional expert and from those of the senior leader .
Keira Knightley , in the lead role of Elizabeth Bennet , delivers an outstanding performance .
As to my colleagues , I am grateful to be in a small group of individuals who most of the time shares the same line of interest with me .
Gala has paved the way for me to become that teacher I long to see .
They like eating junk food , hamburgers , French fries and sweets and what 's more they do n't do any exercise .
Next year I will be starting the Psychology bachelor programme at the University of Groningen , and I would like to earn some money beforehand .
Your health needs calm , friendship , happiness ... You must keep in contact with your friends and to spend time with yourself ( do not forget your hobbies and learn new things ) and your familiy .
Truly that knowing one 's limit is the first step of bringing out the maximum value of one 's talent .
Hi , I am Amy . I would like to spend two months studying in English , two months doing volunteering in children charity and the least two months travelling in UK.What do you think of my plan?I will not only improve my English skills but also devote myself to get along with children .
Summary of the article " Business à la française " which was written by Simon Kuper .
Consequently I see a pretty massive responsibility for the instructors and dive masters in telling the newcomers about the risks of their sport .
Lastly , some people may think that co - workers naturally melt into our social life since we spend so much time in the workplace .
Since I did n't discover that I am , in fact , a wizard , I could n't get a magic wand .
I can not find a word to describe this film easily , what can I say is you will be regret if you miss this film .
There was very little light in the classroom because it had been a rainy afternoon and a terrible thunderstorm had caused an electrical blackout .
but let 's think ... is it really so interesting to know , for example , what Madonna 's second husband eat for breakfast ?
I think that there is future for public transport , because there are still exist people who can not afford to buy a car , even travelling by car is much more convenient .
we can see the number of the projected sales of jeans of Jack&Jones Co . will be at 450 thousands of pairs in next Jan , it will be higher than the number of the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. about 300 thousands of pairs .Then the number of Jack&Jones Co . will drop to 250 thousands of pairs in Feb next year .
Second , for indoor swimming pool , it generally appear wavy falling , from 2500 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dollars in 2014 . We can infer , it will not rise sharply , and it is impossible to fall sharply .
Another advantage is that you will find most of the shops you can find in the city centre but you wo n't get lost while you search them .
On the other hand , the greatest disadvantage of traditions , is that religious beliefs have kept these very same populations from social and human rights progress .
You mentioned in your email that you would have travelled again with IBEROSTAR if it was not for the format of the release letter .
I love economics , so I kept studying and I have got a masters and a PHD degree in labor economics .
Fourthly , you wo n't have to waste your time going out to find a restaurant and come back home .
Everyone deserves to have a private life , even celebrities and stars , who is a life and soul of the party during their working hours .
For example , the champions of Olympic Games , China 's famous synchronized diving athletes , GuoJingjing and Wu Minxia , the two girls enjoy a really good friendship .
If you want typical souvenirs , you can go to the Buckingham Palace , you will find a lot of small shops that sell souvenirs for a reasonnable price .
Many non - EU citizens live and work in Europe but for this to be successful they have to be able to integrate into their receiving society .
I think that it would have to develop science and technology such as Yuan Longping 's hybrid rice , or after the food can make people 's great and then vigorously develop the economy .
I found out about Doctor Who because a friend of mine saw people talking about it online and she told me about it .
While I do not wish top continue to work and live like this , I am not sure I want to move again .
In my mind , holidays are essentially about being comfortable , staying in your element and simply enjoying your time off and not about creating uncomfortable situations if that might be the outcome of trying new things .
I have been studying English for ten years . I make sense of the reading , but I am not good at listening and writing .
Also , teachers could replace their methodologies following the best ones and the ones which contribute to have qualified students trained to face everyday life situations .
It was a cold winter night and the moon was fighting the clouds for freedom , much like any of us fighting through our life and it 's obstacles .
I think I would be a suitable candidate for the job because I am used to looking after my neighbours ' children and I have recently attended a course about first aid so I would be ready to medicate children in case they get injured .
But no , instead of sitting in a restaurant , my mum took us to a supermarket to get some sandwiches for dinner .
Since his discharged from the hospital we have been doing our daily home visit and wound dressing and also assisting him with his showering .
The ideal is to start practicing this sport as children , because the oldest you are is more difficult to overcome fear , but it is never too late to learn to swim .
So , if you are starting it , do n't give up because of difficulties are coming , just relax and be aware that you and your body require time to adapt to this new activity .
He was there not because he was a Christian , but his presence was because of a girl he had a crush on .
Starting to spend every evening together , we spoke about past , expressed our thoughts and future plans .
After all , what I had was so infinitesimal that I could barely taste it . '
All in all , it is my belief that if we use it properly , i.e. , if we carefully choose what to see , television can have an important role to play in the learning process of everyone of us , and in particular , in the life of the ones who can not afford travelling , buy books or live in an educated environment .
Disassembling games , building things of wood and playing Lego were my favorite hobbies .
Firstly , you can find songs about her children , lack of affection , broken heart and some commercial songs which have an interesting lyrics .
Also I am chef , so I can assure you that I will be helpful in the kitchen , I have been cooking for a large amount of people for 7 years in a really big restaurant .
If you 'd like to see it I 'm going to come along with you to the cinema , because I really wish to watch it again .
I was very surprised to hear that you want to spend your year off from university in my countrey and I am also extremely flattered .
We spent a lot of time together every day ; we visited some fantastic cities in Greece like Santorini , Athens and many others .
If I have some time before 14.00 , I love to have a coffee with friends - in Portugal everyone drinks an espresso !
Although there may be some argument or disagreement among students , I always think that everything is going to be okay because the sports team will be coherent .
Finally , you are around 4000 meters high and after 60 seconds of free fall at 200 km / hour , your parachute is opened and you are flying about 5 minutes until you land on the floor .
This is a once in a lifetime opportunity and I am certain that we will cherish every second of every minute there .
Besides , factories are keeping going on our professional items and service like , high glossy , auto painting and 4-side edge sealing , honeycomb board , etc .
You did n't mention anything about your best mate this time , and you two guys always have a lot of stories to tell .
A clear example is that watching television in another language is of vital importance if you aim to learn new vocabularies or improve your comprensive skills , and it makes studying a language really fun and enjoyable .
I have always preferred to relax during some series or soap opera , but after watching ' Flushed ' I change my point of view .
Speaking of nervousness , I think I 've found a solution for you to shake off your nerves about using the English tenses correctly .
Dealing with other people is the hardest part , escpecially when they 're the same age as you .
The plotters have immediately encountered strong opposition from the leadership of the RSFSR leaders under the guidance of President Boris Yeltsin .
I once read that in Italy we produce 450 different cheeses and I do n't think a foreigner would try them all !
This time in order to further reduce my TTT I handed over the correction of activities to the students as well .
The first single , ' Brave ' , is a chart - topping song about emotions such as fear and fight .
After the assessment and evaluation we will be able to adjust the necessary pedagogic help to individual students , know up to which point the proposed aims have been achieved and we will be able to judge the programme planning as a whole .
The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficult in their lives , but there are also the solution of all problems at the end , the lady get married and live happily with his love forever .
Obviously , Taiwan has its own currency , new Taiwan dollar , and if Taiwan 's economy is worsening someday , Taiwanese government could simply mimic what Japanese government did in 2012 .
Some Pro - choice groups and individuals believe that a person have to right of choice , this includes the right to decide if they want to give birth or not .
On the one hand , there are many students who strongly believe that having a break for quite a long time is a waste of time .
With the help of computers young people can meet new friends , find out a lot of information , take part in forums and discussions .
I knew that skating is the thing I want to do for the rest of my life , the thing I want to tell people about when they ask me what your favorite thing to do is .
The problem about this mansion is that the same hides a lot of secrets and misteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners who are a family whose husband went to war and died so the real ocupants of the house are nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister anne who turns to be one of the most important characters of the film and their mother who is called grace and has a particulary obsession for catholisism .
The only thing they could clearly heard was : - But this can only be caused by the contamination , although these windy day hasn't helped .
There is no doubt that travelling by car is the most comfortable option , but claiming that public transport has no future is too much .
Kiyomizu temple was built in the middle of Edo era .
In other words , technology should be used as a tool for the students be aware of the development of society and its advantages and disadvantages .
How can one know they have the guts ? what I believe , and think it 's true , is that braveness , boldness as well as callousness make people write truly what they think , without any lies , without any camouflage and without any kind of burnished layers .
If you would like to spend some time travelling my country Spain is a fantastic place , because the weather is good most of the year .
Even though I had to bear the climate , I was happy with being able to see my mother more often than I used to in past summers .
I would like to work as a volunteer in the upcoming summer camp at Arizona which you are organizing from 20th March to 30th March .
In conclusion , I think that public transport has an important role to play if we want to preserve the quality of life in our cities .
In conclusion , it is not only a good chance to take the children on an adventure , but also help them become independent young adults .
In conclusion I would really like that politicians who care about public transport will improve the services so that more people could leave their vehicles at home and move around much more easily .
I am really happy you write to me for some advice and I am very honourated that you want to spend some time in my country .
My plan is simple , I want to make the best of this British experience by studying English and possibly by finding a little job .
" Nowadays , older people are disadvantaged because they lack the ability to use technology confidently . " Do you agree or disagree ?
Some people say that the computer change the way people see the world , and this change the way in which humans perceive everything that happens around the world or only in their social life .
A feeling of being completely free , a joy of moving on a surface of water standing on a small board , an incredible speed - all of those things can easily make you happy .
Thus , our state spears no effect on fight it , transportation now is very over crowdedness and difficult , especially in the rush hour which people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock , the main reason for that is the increasing the number of people in our country ( housing problem ) and the result of that a lot of accidents has been done and a lot of people were died .
The above reasons I mentioned explain why I do not agree with the statemant that the public transport ha no future because travelling by car is more convenient .
You can do a lot of things using your mobile , like : call someone , text , take pics , listen to music , watch movies , play games , wake you up ( alarm clock ) , access the internet , check your e - mails , pay your bills , access the social media , learn how to cook ... there are many more unthinkable things we can do .
The localauthorities can also organise events in which they can encourage people tostart saving natural resources like water , or to convince people that power consumption can be reduced in many other ways .
In my opinion , celebrities should remember that if they want to be famous they , probably , will be chased by paparazzi .
For example , with every film seen our students have the chance to practice their language and to develop their own opinions , particularly as we always have discussions aroud a subject related to the film .
Charles has to go to the war and Grace and her sons stayed in that house but not they were not alone they were with Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
The start is the hardest part considering that your body is not used to do this kind of sport ; however , once you are in it everything becomes easier and you feel healthy and much more active .
Firstly , each teacher would be able to teach courses according to their own expertise , which leading to a more advanced and high - quality teaching .
I actually loved it quite a lot , I just loved all the suspense and the parts they leave you hanging , it 's just way too interesting , the movie is about the american government who annually gives 12 hours where all crime , even murder , is legal , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join it , you can kill whoever you want .
The script is a faithful translation of the original text and the plot , as well , sticks to Shakespeare 's work .
Staying at home all day is regrettable and not being kidnapped by aliens gets really boring .
Eventually , he reads about a journalist who is writing about him and a program called Black Brare .
My favourite soap opera is " Friends " . I remember to watching it at home at the age of twelve and laughing out lous with my brother .
After that , I went back home , I put them on , and I went outside to skate .
As per the doctor 's order we have organized daily home visit until 4/7/08 after which our nursing care will end .
To be Journalist , I must study very hard so I 'll try to learn in order to make my dream comes true .
Second , people on the boats are granted the opportunity to see beautiful ocean lives , while taking a plane does n't provide this luxury to take a look at the birds in the sky for planes are travelling at such a high speed .
Your advertisement in the Guardian of 31 August attracted my attention , because I believe that I have the skills you are looking for .
Firstly , there were 3 main gates , the center one only for the king , the left side one was for administrators , the right site one was for military .
I can show all my recommendation letters from my previous jobs , but I 'll say right now that they all say good things about me .
When he was just about cursing the final line he got hurt and his mussels was dying and star to peel off a black matter , at that point the guys in suit thought that he wo n't be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running , they freeze the time and run after him , he stopped for a moment but then , he start running again and when he cross the line he woke up in a red somber fluid , he was wiped out from the matrix , he opened his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was on a wood wheelchair and they said that he would never be able to walk again , besides that , he stands up and tried to walk again .
Hence , if there is no reason to take a year off , just go to college and start studying .
The chairs were placed in a U shape which made it difficult for team members to discuss their ideas and to maintain eye contact .
Motorola It was the first doing something to a mobile phone was on 3 April 1973 the first to do so was an employee of Martin Cooper
While watching or playing any kind of sport , there 's nothing worse than a team or a player trying to waste time untill the clock runs out , the game becomes dull and boring and you ca n't enjoy the excitment that only the uptempo style of play can provide .
In fact , if football has a downside , it is this , the fact that you need twenty - two people to set a match .
Just because of their attitude and aptitude , their behaviour … simply in the way they act , we can see their intentions .
From Siracusa we moved to Agrigento where a lot of us stay in the hotel that night .
I have been learning English for a while , I am sensitive and positive person , full of energy and willing to have new adventures .
First of all , you need to preview .If you do this and you 'll have a clear idea about what are you going to learn in class .
Mean - End Chain is being used as Trivago is not only to help customer search for a hotel room , but also to achieve the personal value for customer which is worthier than money the customer saved in booking a hotel room .
When I grow up I want to be a vet , it 's a dream come true for me , I hope I will go to other countries like Australia and job there as a vet for a couple of years . I have never been blood scared or something like that and I would love to have a job I think is fun lifetime out .
So many storms , and all the things happening around the world are the result of not taking care of the only planet we have to live .
Once I got fitter enough , I started enjoying the game , learning its strategies , developing personal and group skills and having fun at the same time .
" The Exorcist " , is one of the most exciting and astonishing thriller that I have seen in my life .
Spent half an hour after we arrived , started coming everybody , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently structured , plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course , also the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool , we were lucky we had an amazing wedding planner who arranged the magnificent and fun activities , he said to the bride and groom enter each an inflatable ball and try walking on the water as long as withstand , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
In addition , civil wars or catastrophes like the Arab spring might also be avoided since there will be an educational standard which could teach different ways of political leadership .
Surfing the Internet , I have found that if I catch a bus I will be able to get off in several station ( Coach station , Patcham , Preston Circus and so on ... ) while travelling by train I can choose between Brighton and New Brighton .
To support my argument , I would like to tell you what happened in my country when such a ban was introduced .
Because there is this wicked , unwritten rule , according to which if you are looking for something , there is not the slightest chance you will get it .
The first episode aired in 1963 and since then Doctor Who has been one of the most famous sci - fi TV shows on television .
Fifteen years ago cell phones did n't have music or a camera , while nowadays they have camera with high definition and you can download a lot of music .
Sale promotion , which is the set of marketing activities undertaken to boost sales of the product or service , has become a vital tool for marketing and its importance has been increasing significantly over the years .
2012 ) described an experiment from Showa University which aimed to test how well dental students could deal with emergency situation .
Thirdly , sheets of bank notes will be printed with colour on both sides , usually 50 bank notes per sheet .
Finally I really recommend this restaurant , especially for couples or friends that want to try something different and newfangled .
Some people claim that universities and colleges should not spend a great deal of money on sports and social activities , as their budgets should prioritize classes and libraries .
Away from busy and noisy roads , the beautiful old inner city reflects what Brussels really was for centuries ; small but cosy cobblestone streets flanked by small houess and shops in light colours and old - fashioned roofs .
The visitors programme is from Monday to Sunday , from ten o'clock a.m to six p.m. And a phone number where you can call for more information is 0040212345678 .
Everyone who has ever stood on a surfboard and tried to catch the wind with a kite knows how wonderful it is .
We also have a biogas plant in our outskirts that takes care of the rubbish and sewage and the power generated is used for street - lights and meeting the power needs of the community office .
If you 're looking for a great film to watch on a rainy day , I totally recommend Alice in Wonderland .
For example , research has shown that not computers themselves , but the things we use or play on them are addictive , like social networks or games .
I must say that I went there because my sister is living there so I did n't have to book a room at the hotel and spending too much money .
Maybe it was because I was with my friends and I could find many ways to spend my time with them or it could also be the great environment .
I am writing this letter , because the last week I read a notice in your STUDENT FILM CLUB magazine about a movie or thriller that I like it and I can advise you .
There are n't boxes for rubbish in every condominium , and we haven't the harvest of the dampness that is present in many other towns of Italy .
Currently , each class is given to 50 students which limits their opportunities to experience one o one activities that enhance their learning process .
The greatest impact of internet on our life is the use of social media because you can get in contact with everybody around the clock .
He seems different , she never imagined that Jason can be like that , she fantasy with someone , brave and strong , and she never foresees something like this , but she feel something for him , maybe she is in love with this guy .
People complaint about how the information about different TV shows do n't contribute in the process of learning , that 's why many of This programmes are considered trash , because of the multiples shows such as realities , talk shows , or showbiz that hardly ever have a good message or something interesting for people .
By the way , a friend of mine runs an hotel in a seaside resort and I know that he was looking forward to an English native speaker who could help him with his foreign guests .
In the past , I tried to play basketball , tennis , ping pong and so on , but the outcome made me depressed and less confedent .
On the other hand , my advice that i give to someone who start this kind of sport is that he must do it with a lot of responsability and sacrifice if he wants to become another Maradona .
She was trying to improve her English skills since September by taking an English course , but she had felt herself still unready to keep a whole math topic using this language with the Clil method , because she was placed to the B2 level in reading and listening while in speaking and writing the level she had joined doing a specific test was only the B1 .
If we consider the potentiality of this means of communication , the television would be one of the most important invention of this last century .
When I was in secondary school , and my friends were dreaming of be Doctors or Dentists , I decided that I will be an electrical engineer or mechanical engineer , so I entered the scientific branch .
Apart from that , I have been studying English for 10 years and I am sitting for Cambridge First Certificate in English next December .
Michael was told me he was knew about this contest and at that moment he want to call me to ask , if I am able to came with him at that contest .
Besides that , if I had to choose a type of film I would say , the comedian and the action ones are the most appealing to me if they have a real dramatic and coherent story instead of a fictitious and meaningless one .
Although I was watching it from backstage , the atmosphere was the same as I 'd have been watching it in front of the stage together with other fans .
Finally , opening restaurants with different types of food and entertainment facilities like movie theatres and gyms should be considered .
Owing to that people wo n't need to meet and talk .
Convincing students to take a more comfortable road by giving up the possible risk is definitely not the proper attitude the educational institution should have .
To sum up , it is a good decision if you do things that are necessary or needed at the moment though you do n't like it .
Based on my understanding of this position , you offer a full on - the - job training to your employees and encourage their involvement with all laboratory activities .
When it seemed impossible to catch him , a girl , who was crossing the street in a wheelchair , crashed into the thief and he fell down on the paviment .
After all , this is a hard work from an early age and on the list of players does not enter by accident .
I was still out of breath sometimes , but I kept doing it because I wanted to achieve my goal to lose 10 pounds .
First of all , I would like to work for at least three months in a language school in London as Italian teacher .
It is funny how such a simple activity can bring so much joy into a person 's mind during the well - deserved breaks .
It seems like cars are losing the battle in this case because these cities propagate the idea that riding bicycles can lead to better future .
If I could change places for 24 hours with a famous person , I would like to be Paula Echevarria
I thought it was Stacey again , trying to get into my house again and trying to seduce me .
This can be seen in teenagers , who seems to prefer to talk by telephone than " face to face " , and also in children , who prefer play with video games on their own than going to the park
Young people are able to choose what they want to watch / read / listen to , and the choice is practically unlimited .
She describes the winter as ' angry'(2:1:112 ) as Winter is sometimes thought of a miserable season .
I would like to tell you that I have done a course in which I have learnt to organise all kinds of activities with children since canoeing from swimming competitions , also , I worked in a summer camp last yaer where y could put all the things that I have learnt in practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to do it again .
This year , in Italy , for the first time in more than 200 years , it happened a weird coincidence : the political leader Silvio Berlusconi and the singer Ligabue marked their careers on the same day .
On the one hand , you 've been doing sport since you were seven years old and I understand it 's very important for you .
I strongly believe that if the suggestions made in this proposal are given attention , the service provided to language learners will be strengthen and enhanced .
Last summer I decided to do something more than just relax and have fun , so I started to look for an interesting summer job .
To tell the truth I do n't do sports regularly and it is not an essential part of my daily life .
All the participants , which were ten in total , were given a personal computer for the duration of the entire course in order to put into practice what was taught .
As a result of an appropriate use of social networking tools in education , Javanovic , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrate that students adopt Facebook not especially for socialising but also for academic purposes , like to obtain benefit for their studies or to recover time in discovering learning resources ( p.39 ) .
Yes , Gala National High School has given me thousands of reasons to be happy and to feel blessed .
My mother is a perfect study of case for me because she can not well the transportation system in Paris or New York without been lost and very tired from all the walking that she has to do when commuting .
The place is very near where I live , and I 've worked in a lot of Cafes before , unfortunately I had to leave them for school and college .
I look forward to hearing from you soon and I hope that you 'll find this experience as amazing as I did .
Firstly , most teenagers who are against this idea are convinced that the university course they have chosen will be the future career in their lives .
The summary of my vacations is that the time I spent with friends I had a good time but when I was with my family y got bored .
Charlotte Brontë uses the same technique in Jane Eyre , her masterpiece .
The European Union is created and meant to be an organization that helps all of its members to develop economically and socially while contributing to the common good of the whole union itself .
Michael decided to blame the dog for the unfortunate incident and when he told his father what had happened automatically he put the dog up for adoption as it was n't the first time , despite of Michael 's attempts to avoid him doing it .
If you need sun and warm weather , you only need to sit in a plane , enjoy your flight and take a pause from your business and from work .
A fervenza do pedregal ' is located in my town , Tomiño , in Spain .
I recommend you to play it with your friends , but if you are in a new city , you can search teams on the Internet .
Modern life orders our days and weeks in a packed schedulle of activities : job , children , housework , fun , free time ...
It was the end of a hard work 's day so we went to bed early ; we were very tired and we had forgotten to put out a candle .
Although very important and critical , there are lots of myths surrounding it and many patients suffering the disease do not know the real facts about it .
But we need to think that there is a better way to protect the earth and human 's environment such as riding bicycle or waiting for environmental - friendly car being invented .
When we saw that we escaped as fast as we could , and we saw as his mum walking to find Michael , like a zombie .
For these reasons , what people usually do with their rubbish in their daily routine is to sort it and put it in the correct bin .
If the idea of a street marke does not seduced you , I recommend you visiting a is a little shop in Saint Peter street , The Old Bag , where you can buy bags and other complements such as umbrellas , gloves and scarfs .
As long as people keep accepting this technology for communication , social media sites will also keep proceeding to the next step and affecting the society .
On the other hand , I personally think that pupils enjoying more working with textbooks because they can do this activity with classmates and they can help each other .
Europe needs bright young people with an urge , with a wish to be productive , to create a better future for themselves and for their children .
As soon as I met my group , I discovered how far behind I am in terms of using English to demonstrate the ideas and lure the attention from other group members .
There are two desks with two computers , two chairs and two bookshelves with my brother 's school books and mine .
Many scientific studies have been undertaken to determine the exact nature of the smile and the real reason remains a mystery .
You can taste Peking Duck , Sichuan spicy diced chicken , Henan stewed noodles and Yue dishes ...
In conclusion , a wide range of buildings and constructions can not only destroy our own living environment , but also that of animals .
It consists of eight part : Introduction ; How to start ; Writing the play ; I want to be Cinderella ; Practise ; The big night ; Reason for doing a play and A few final thoughts .
This undergraduate work along with the diversified professional experience helped shape the specific research interests that now drive me to pursue graduate work in the field of Industrial pharmacy and gave me the opportunity to learn and work with the new medicines and delivery ensuring their safety and quality academic and research opportunities for my interest in pharmaceutics as a scientific career .
Sometimes , when I got to dress well , I wear dressy stuff , such as skirts , dresses , high heels and a sort of classy hairstyle .
Different activities , including seminars and exhibitions have been held in different districts to spread the message of environmental conservation across the community .
Any form of public transport like a bus or a train is too much of an inconvenience especially in a large city such as London .
During the last year , I watched a lot of famous and priced films , so that I am prepared to follow discussions about them .
Aria moves to Iceland and the other girls lose contact , and Allison is still missing .
I feel extremely worried not to have picked them up . I would be very grateful if you could have a look in the room .
However , it would n't be impossible to collect the rubbish and clean the streets more often - it 's just a matter of organisation .
To sum up , studying abroad is a great chance to get a great job as you have higher education with much more experiences .
Unfortunately it is very difficult to learn foreign languages when we are adult so it is extremely important to teach and to study them since kindergarten age .
Famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
Moreover the languages courses can be expensive in my opinion the best thing that you can do is move into other country it would be easier to stay motivated because you need to learn it to find a job or to make friends .
However cool to hear that you 're coming to Enschede in a month 's time !
The purpose of this letter is to notificate you some complaints that some citizens has , this is related why only boys have to be in the draft of military service , and girls does not have to .
He is the man stuck in a generation where loyalty is just a tattoo , love is just a quote and lying is the new truth .
And if we consider the speech where the woman said that at the present this phenomenon is a problem because this bamboo is the main source of food to the Giant Panda that still lives in the jungle .
There are different types of public transport that people use in major cities in my country , including Moscow : bus , train , tram and metro .
Genuinely she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so by going to their old house as a surprise would be at least would give her the chance to confront instead of making a chaos about it , despite this insignificant fraud she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
Since Michael was a child he has always dreamt of moving to Australia , where he could practise kitesurfing for all day long , meet open - minded people , chill on a sandy beach and drink a good Australian alcohol .
I speak English very good , because my mother is from UK and my father is from Canada , although we lived in Spain in our home always spoke in English .
On the first hand , I would like to talk about the fact that with the help of the internet we can easily stay in touch with any of our friends .
In the class , you should take notes and write down what is Iimportant .If you have any question then you should ask teachers to help .
Finally , he had found the present and before the end of the day he ran quickly to his girlfriend 's house .
In conclusion , as an international legal professional , I must be prepared for alternative methods of dispute resolution regarding cross - border transactions , giving the increasingly requirement to look beyond domestic law to find appropriate solutions .
In my opinion there may be many rules , but if we do n't respect it , we will not help our habitat .
One of my main responsible for preparing something by 7.30 am so I get up at 6 every morning and I leave home for work at 6.45 am .
Me and my dad have three dogs and we hunt moose , rabbit and roe deer with them .
I have been in the USA last year , first in order to look for a job as a pharmacist but also , having a lot of time to explore a new world .
Some may argue that TV just does not have sufficient content for us to be able to learn , other may argue that TV is an amazing source of learning . i.e we learn about new technology via a mobile phone advert air on TV .
So , give it a shot and you will realize it is one of the most amazing activities you can ever do .
Surprisingly , on the other hand , a speech too low is seen as an antisocial rule , and can be interpreted as an offense .
The light is diffused so that the various curves and geometrical shapes on the painting are made visible through it .
When I think about The Home of the Future , I can see a lot of new things that could simplify my daily life .
I think everything is possible when you are organized . You start to build your own timetable , which make your life more easy and effective .
In addition , the last three years I have been as voluntary in my tennis club , where I have developed different skills to organize activities , sports games and competitions for children from 6 to 14 years old .
But when I was there I began to make new friends that I never thougth I was going to have , and I never thoungth the way that I was going to know them eather . at the begining I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .
Though the road was wet and slippy , he rode his motorbike fast and skilfully , getting his way through the other cars and trucks .
I am located in the fourth place , but we are so close to the second to the fourth ( in points ) so , the idea is jump very well even though the Natural Well is a difficult because it is dark " , explained Duque about his plan for the event in the Ik kil on 17th and 18th October .
The building is important because it was built in the last century during the rubber age , when the city was one of the most richest city in the world .
The boy 's acting is really something , such a thing that his acting earned him a nomination for the Academy Awards .
It is the best movie I have ever seen ! You will be tense while watching the whole movie and I know it .
Even though the boat was ready to go Jessica was afraid for it to break in pieces again , she almost could foresee that forthcoming heavy rain destroying her boat , so she had an idea .
I agree that communiting by car is easier and faster than most of the public transportation ; however , there are serious problems come after it ; the amount of vehicles on the roads keep increase and make congestion and pollution which are far more severe than the inconvenience causing by public transportation .
Since then I have undertaken further practical training in advertising and marketing communications at Moscow International Higher Business School(MIRBIS ) .
The purpose of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in Pamplona , and to outline some recommending shops that might appeal tourists with different interests .
What he did n't expect was that all the hair had gotten stuck in his throat , leaving him unable to breathe !
At night , we can stay at home , as you said , and also we can buy chocolates and see a movie , that 's great for me !
Well , last Sunday , I went to the cinema and I watched THE TITANIC , perhaps the movie counts us , the typical story the rich girl falls in love with the poor boy .
First of all , the brain is a complex part of our body that is able to process information and create knowledge based on stimulus .
Micheal closed the door and knew at that moment , he had made a mistake .
Development was also happening at the same time which was good for our town , but , lots of trees were also cut down as a result .
In addition to that , I love children and I usually look after four children , aged from seven to eleven , every Saturday .
What I can say is that I have been learning English since I was twelve , and it has been a pleasure from the start .
Pat and Tiffany are trapped in their psycologically difficulties ; Pat 's desire of his ex - wife can not be fulfilled , while Tiffany can not get over her guilty of her husband 's death .
As far as the job is concern working on Monday and Wednesday evening would be perfect for me because I am currently unemployed .
My friend Peter recently told me that he was moving out from his flat , so I asked him if he was willing to rent it .
I felt strong enough to move about , looking for my compass and map in the rucksack on my back .
She was very enthusiastic and telling them that Juan , the boy who she was fallen in love , had written a letter for her .
First , they would n't have privacy because there would be many people surrounding the one dealing with the employee .
However , a few years ago the government has paid more attention to the environment to our country ; for example they made a lot of advertisement on televion , in newspapers and on the internet to explain that the rubbish is not good for our world .
You must not be in your own , otherwise you could not dance in a company , so that you share your passion with people that feel the same and that , make a strong relationship forever .
There is a parking meter system , which is not very cheap , compared to the shopping mall parking , and it can be difficult to find parking nearby .
Conversely , we share our deepest worries and problems with our close family and friends because we are not afraid of exposing our weakness to those people whom we trust .
You know , I have graduated culinary school and it was a great opportunity to use my skills . I 've made a lot of new friends .
She was expecting a letter of the local drama club , in which they would reveal the character list of their new play .
This is another big reason to take care about reading , because in this competitive world , only smart people will be able to get the best opportunities available in society .
From 7 to 18 years old , I mainly wrote for school during classes , homework , and tests .
Unfortunately , there is still a long way to do in terms environment concerns , but some of this solutions suggested by the mayor help us stopping the pollution .
My advice is : eat a lot of vegetables and fruit , drink plenty of water and run at least 3 times per week .
Well , I have already explained in detail how I would decorate two of the room sides , so now I am going to tell you what there would be in the two remaining walls .
As part of that job , I had to teach children to swim and I was in charge of serving breakfast every morning .
Some experts say that public transportation is a crucial part of the solution to the developed nations ' economic , energy , and environmental challenges , helping to bring a better quality of life .
City officials and politicians can lead the way by utilizing these forms of transport themselves and bringing about change through personal example .
In the distance was the sound of panting , it came like a gust of wind in the still silent night .
In 2 hours Mary 's plane was leaving and he had to go to the airport to stop her from going to Scotland .
Because of the damage of farmland , forest and wetland , it is likely to lead to the pollution of water and air , which can cause the decrease of people 's living quality .
The local government of Mińsk Mazowiecki has recently implemented new laws which concern rubbish segregation .
Although , I have been struck by its major draws such as Plaza De Espana , Real Alcazar and El Torre del Oro , this is the relaxed and social way of living which has most impressed me .
Then I realized that the chair had wheels along with a ' nitro & teleport ' button on the armrest .
Their main concern is to make you think , laugh , maybe cry a bit , but above all to give you a great time .
Behind this word I see my brother , parents and grandparents and feel very warm feelings .
Only in that moment we will understand that we are one of the millions pensioners who need a lot of different services to live as fulfilled and independent life as we deserve .
However , I really liked experiencing that because I had never seen the media in Spain pay so much attention to a TV show .
Unfortunately , there is a certain limit to space , so it is not possible that everyone use their car every day especially in mega cities like Seoul , New York , and London .
The rest of the show is based on the interactions between all 4 children and how they work together to unite their family .
Series also can help you to study , for me it helped me a lot because I love series and some q I watch helped me in school , such as breaking bad , which helped me in chemistry , and so many others .
Others , by contrast , choose a country or trace an itinerary to travel to the place of their dreams and set off to live new experiences .
However note my emphasis on adult , healthy and able - bodied , for young people , for older people , for people with disabilities being able to drive brings more costs than benefits .
This is a question that I struggle to answer , but I have to claim the most important person in my life was and is my marvellous father .
What 's more , extreme weather appears with EL NINO periodically causing catastrophic floods in northern cities in China and long - lasting drought in South American .
Riyadh is the capital City it 's in the center of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
I think that travelling by car is good because you have your own sit and in the winter your car is hot and you also can listen to the radio .
Some years ago people believed that private cars would be the main vehicle to move around but nowadays , due to economic crisis , most of the people have changed their minds ; they believe that public transport would be the main way to move around in the future for many reasons .
I want to discuss the results of my research with everyone that is interested in it , from Brazil or from any other place in the world .
I 'm so glad you come to my country . I 'll give you some suggestions , hoping that you can have a wonderful summer vacation !
Pat had just gotten out of rehab for bipolar disorder whereas Tiffany , a widow , who had just lost her job .
They finished the work when it was 6:30 , so they had to leave the city quickly or they would die .
However , more often than not , the high price of the ticket of the museum can ruin the fun when you get to the coutry .
I enjoyed all the cities we saw but the best in my opinion is Siracusa . in particoular I liked Ortigia that is the oldest part of the city .
However , with the rise of industry and specialized companies , it became possible for workers to move jobs , often to places far away .
In the future , people will go out of the Earth .Because of the damage , people on the ground ca n't survive .
I live in Milan with my parents but I 'll move to the USA before the end of spring so I would like to find a job there to make some money .
Together with that , more people are getting familiar with driving and feeling more confident about driving their own car .
Edison began a serious research about the incandescent light bulb on October of 1878 , and his original design were in 1879 .
Despite the fact that computers decreased the use of paper , they 're still harmful to the environment since they consume tonnes of electricity .
Besides , as I have already said , you can exercise three or four hours a week instead of going every day to your training session .
Some advantages are that fast food can help to save time and deal with the temporary hunger for white - collar - worker , but it can also harm their health .
It was my brother 's birthday so he said if we could go to a new restaurant called Muerde La Pasta .
People thoughts have the power to make you feel the best feeling ever and literally the opposite , just do n't think about anyone 's thoughts but you , as you have the control of your life not anyone else .
Non - biodegradable plastics could actually piles up the landfill and cause the land use in our earth to be occupied .
Appearing from another world he will rise up against the darkness to protect his forbidden love .
Whenever researchers consider most or all of them when working on the research , researchers will get results with a high precision .
We are sure that the tourists who visit our city can feel it and hope that they will help spread the message when they go home .
However , if students participate in community activities , for example , doing volunteer job in the town 's library , they would not have sufficient time to communicate with each other since most of their time is full of working .
I kept my body very close to the icy ground in order to reduce the impact of the bone - chiseling wind .
My stepdad shoot a very big moose when I was there with him and I get the trophy of the moose .
What is more , this kind of students are between eighteen and twenty two , when they need to socialise and interact with other students to enjoy their free time .
Jack was frightened , but suddenly he heard the door opening and saw their friends rescuing him , they had used some weapons from The King of the Sky , they got into the room and started shooting while Michael was unleashing Jack from the chair , accidentally , Mark killed Miley while he was shooting , all her body parts were scattered on the floor , he did n't care about and flew with the others .
As the secretary of the English Language club I am writing you this proposal to persuade you as to why it would benefit both the students , and the college if we would receive funding from you .
This is a great example of how Spanish population could go on with their lives working together without government 's help .
Once the day was over , the Japanese government tried to reverse all of the damages done , but it was impossible .
This experience of amplified minority stress prompted me to think about intergroup and intragroup interaction early in life .
My wife had to ask me for help , because she was n't strong enough to push the safety lock through .
Also , Ss were writing the sentences individually in their notebook instead of choosing only one person to write for the whole team .
The second is a pragmatic reason I have a five year degree and I worked for two years in a medical devices company but now I am unemployed .
The growth of the suburbs changed the face of American society , bringing with it a whole different way of life .
In conclusion , I would like to say that self harm , low self esteem and bullying are all causes of destruction in our schools . We need to stop this .
As a matter of fact I have been camping since I was 6 years old , for this reason I started working on summer camps when I was 18 years old .
People should be educated carefully about all the safety regulations and laws when they get driving licence , the more they know the rules , the less risks are taken on road .
Running is cheap and everyone can take up running , no experience required after all it is just one step after the other .
That 's why when I go to village I like to use the Singair Road than DHAKA - ARICHA highway .
Jack bought a ticket to the earliest flight to Texas , once he got off the plane he ran through the landscape .
Because I was so sure Abul kaka and Noman will prefer Aricha highway rather than the Singair road .
I 'm not a sportsman , I like watching basketball , tennis , football , but my favorite sport is the running .
The reason for this is that the nitric oxide relaxes blood vessels and dilates them , which helps the blood flow more easily and lowers blood pressure .
Although , herbal medicines have significantly performed well in the treatment and management of illness , people have increasingly consumed these products via self - directed therapy .
I met him two years ago in a party , and since that day my life has changed in many different ways .
In my opinion tennis is the best sport because I 'm an individualist , so I prefer individually sport , because in these kind of game everything depends from you .
I thought it was the perfect moment and at the speed of light I put a whole box of sweets into my old bag .
The hard truth is that until somenoe has to face the situation himself , it 's quite difficult to restrain from wasting energy , food , materials , water ...
A friend suggested giving ice skating a shot , and for me , everything worth trying just to be able to skate again .
Desperately he started to kick the door , furiously , blind with rage , harder , faster .
To the best of my knowledge , it is a way of behaving more than a way coping with the latest technologies .
Tom was really tired and it was really weird because it was not a hard run , I knew it was because of the nerves .
In conclusion this film is plain and a little discounted but in the same time light and funny film to watch during the summer with some friends .
First of all , our environment is polluted and if we are determined to save it we should definitely stop using cars .
Secondly , keeping the main task , they were given a tablet with wireless connection to use instead of books .
Warning the responsible departments how much they can do to the city in relation to employment opportunities , tourist atractions , enrionmental education , ecological preservation and make it as the best touristic city of Litoral Paulista .
After that answer , she was n't satisfied so she decided to start calling all the hospitals of the area .
It was easy to draw him into the love affair or to make him horny , but it was quite difficult to start an argument with him . I think that he is a good writer because he is able to describe his sexual dreams and thoughts lively and vividly .
Full of sorrow and pain , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
A total of 309 complete and exploitable questionnaires were collected , with a response rate of 77% .
I should like to thank you in advance for granting me an appointment for an interview and look forward to hearing from you .
So , we should focus our minds making the right decision and spend our time wisely doing what is most important .
The arena could hold about 70000 seats and the arena was about 75 x 46 meters and about 50 meters high .
The cosmic era , communications , easy access to the Internet - all of these things will become common in the distant future .
From an environmental standpoint , use of public transport ensures that carbon emissions from automobiles are prevented helping in preserving the balance of nature even in big cities like Tokyo and Delhi where the carbon emissions are very high .
It is argued that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
First , whether played individually or in teams , it 's great fun and demands a lot of effort .
Everybody knows what separate rubbish into different bins means but , big part of the society believes that it is not worth doing it if there are people that does not recycle .
In conclusion , you do n't have to do a lot of effort to have a healthy lifestyle and there are plenty of benefits from it .
As for my city , the mayor gives environment his top priority and a budgeted plan under the process of implementation .
As well as being a great way to stay fit basketball can help you to make new friends and make you a good team player .
A girl was on the other side of the phone and she told me that my sister and her boyfriend were n't with the other passengers .
Of course , I originally came there to work : putting the chairs and tables right , ensuring that everyone in my appointed space was well - fed , and keeping an eye on the cash counter .
This book made me interesting and I begging reading more and more while I read the more I love it this time everything did not matter to me I want to finish the book as soon as possible I do not know the end but I want the end of the book was amazing but the same time I do not finish the book because the mystery to open up finished in .
Every Saturday morning , this village organizes a market where people can buy some natural vegetables or fruit which had been grown up by local farmers .
We took all we needed and started the searching for Niall ... We went in all caves in Los Angeles , but we could n't found them .
Dressed in a swimsuit , she was waiting in front of a swimming pool for the next judges command .
That is why my parents decided to go on a bike trip to the forest outside our city .
' Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world . '
He took his wallet and then he ran to buy the magazines and after that he went to the hospital to give them to his granny .
This may be the reason why some go for bread and milk and forget about it , after entering a colourful and attractive store .
For last six years , I have worked in a number of different bars within the busy city district region .
Secondly , people who use public transport are safer than others who use private cars ; if they drink more than usual and drive their cars ; there are a lot car accidents due to drivers are drunk .
A large number of huge capacity waste treatment plants have been established to keep the city clean and green .
Being able to study in an English university will give me the opportunity to get a better job and an exciting experience .
My goal has always been to combine speed with quality , using good organization skills and an excellent mastery of different technological tools .
I started dancing when I was six years old , my mates and I were so cute with our little dresses and tiny feet doing slow movements .
In conclusion , it is my belief that it is not possible for public transport to disappear in the future even though travelling with cars is more convenient than travelling with just trains or buses .
Even if we do n't have to do daily shopping because of our mother or somebody else , someday we will have to go out and buy something .
It also helps to overcome some stressful situations , even though it 's temporarily , it 's still beneficial for your heart , rather than being constantly stressed .
I like to watch the games at home with my father , but mostly always go to the stadium with my dad , you feel indescribable emotions . and my father was to convey this passion .
My name is Kamaldeen I 'm 31 years old I 'm married and I do n't have children .
Three months later Magda was walking with her new boyfriend and Michael saw them , he was totally insane and jealous , he caught an enormous stick from the nearest tree and he beat them as strong as he could .
Do n't hesitate to contact me if you have some offer that you think could fit with my background .
I met some roleplayers at Wiscon and also some live roleplayers through Geek Network , of these the live roleplay looks promising .
The latest research carried out by The Health Department in Spain show that young people are not as healthy as twenty years ago .
Second , the theme is outdated , and developing new design can be a good move to attract more clients .
So , if you need techniques for learning you need to analyse and create your own words , this way you will never forget this definition .
Well , ecologists say that get around using transport public is more beneficial for the environment than using the car or motorbike .
At about 8 p.m in the evening on December 12th , my friends and me went back home .
For example , if I liked a thing , I would not think much about its colour or a colour of the shop where I found it .
As time passes by , the relationship has so many ups and downs , but with consistent love and caring it ends with a strong bond that is n't easily broken .
On the other hand , I have learned French and Spanish just for a few months , because I was curious to learn the oficial language of the countries , where friends and relatives are living in .
First , it is unnecessary to spend more money on school buses because by Grade 5 children are able to take care of themselves and each other .
It 's the way to prove you wealthy , when you get a car to your home , or go to school , work by a car , people will change their mind about you .
The graph shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream in two places - one is from an ice - cream while the other is in an indoor public swimming pool , from 2012 to 2014 .
Yes , they are right in saying so and in fact , many people are second - hand car owners .
On account of all this , it is easy to understand why my perception of Seville has significantly changed over time .
I 'm sad when I see a nursing house but you know , there , people will never talk whether they do bad or good and in the end of the day , they will not care only about themselves and their insecurity .
Several hours later , he found an open sweet shop and he bought some bonbons for her .
If the government provide good transport infrastructure like modern and comfort buses , traffic free Metro lines then people would rather to use public transport than travelling by car .
Eventually , it might become so much of a precious resource that it will be used as the international currency instead of dollars .
I was born here in Sweden , actually right here at Danderyds hospital , but I lived in the city back then .
Simple things like recycling garbage , walking short distances instead of using cars , not throwing garbage on the streets or oceans , can mean a considerable change , because if we add the small efforts of each of us , the results are translated into millions of people .
We were faced with the real problem of lack of time for translating , especially closer to the end when our translators have worked with very large texts .
I have taught a number of American literature survey courses , as well as writing courses , including technical writing and first - year writing .
I always thought that the Internet was amazing , but now I even surf the web to find some solutions for my children 's homework .
While it can seem harmless , cyberbullying causes many problems among teenagers , such as depression , suicidal thoughts or even worse .
My little sister wanted to learn to play the piano so she joined a music school which organised a concert performance at the end of the course .
Tennis , tennis is not jsut a sport anyone can play but it 's professional sport needs to more hard trainee and more time to be perfect in it , in first why I choose tennis ? , seriously in 2003 this is my first time to watch the game on TV when I saw roger federer played I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to it 's professional motion in playing the ball , from this time I was interested in this game and watching all championship , so more time , time and time it was my favoirite sport .
Unlike the post - War society , where the European economy was booming , since more than 5 years , Europe is suffering from a profound economic crisis whose major effects are borne by the youths , including the highly qualified graduates .
He 's one of AC-12 's leading investigators although he sometimes has the tendency to let his personal feelings sways his professional judgement .
First of all the environment is contaminated and these substances get to us by water , air , food ... also the clothes .
The more oxygen you get for your organism , the easier you will be able to concentrate on anything you do .
Considering all this , nowadays it is socially important a development in positive values among young people such as respect and tolerance to create honest adult people .
Unhealthy food and neglecting physical exercises increases the chances of getting fat and having problems with your heart , liver and other organs .
I 'm also glad that you want to visit my country . You 'll find that it is a very beautiful one .
In my view the reason of having more energy during the day lies in the diet program which is followed by each of us .
They are just people , but not like you or me , or at least I do n't have a fabulous ferrari to comfort me when I 'm sad .
anyway I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once especially that we have the most amazing reason to live for its our beautiful son our angel and amazing love of our life .
But there 's something in her big bright eyes , circled with long brown eyelashes and frecles , that makes her appearance unique and causes Tom 's heart to flutter every time he brings to his mind her piercing stare .
There 's a lot of pressure in the deep parts of the sea and what happened to the rock was the clear proof of it .
Although I 'm Italian native speaking , I 've been studying English for seven years ; furthermore last summer I spent two months in Philadelphia so I can communicate quite well in your language .
If you need something for a special event like a wedding , you can go to three shops which are specialited in that .
we have cars so we do n't have to walk , in the same fashion , people who ca n't afford a car will want public transport , even if a bike could be the solution .
The hotel would be luxorius but everybody could come because the prices would be low , so the hotel would be always full , I think that many people want to go to a luxorius hotel but they ca n't .
There needs to be much wider public debate , and if a majority agree , they should be given enough time to get used to .
With the opportunity for change comes choice , although circumstances , economic and personal , can often force people to do what they might not normally choose .
For example , some cities like Beijing and Hangzhou have to limit the number of cars which come for traveling to decrease the pressure of transportation in sight spots and city centre .
First , when I was in the starting line I felt could not finish the competition , then when we were in the water the coaches did not stop to encourage so was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so exciting to see our family waiting for us clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
Sorry that I haven't written before but my mother had been using the computer all the time for work and I had to wait until she finished her work .
As designers are not limited to using only sound or still images , they can create advertisements that are appealing visually and audibly .
It 's known that over the years the system have improved and new means of transport have been offered such as trains and trolleys all of them with just one objective to transport a mass of people at a quick time .
In addition , most shopping malls do have enough space for their customers to move around without getting any clustering of people ; as this is a statutory requirement to building a shopping mall .
Personally , I think it is acceptable to keep animals in zoos , as long as they have enough space and are properly looked after .
I would like to improve my communication skills and I would really love to be an active part of your summer camps trying to do new different things .
It is a little village where you can experience a different culture , find local handicrafts , eat good food and enjoy beautiful beaches .
Our pupils have to sit for many hours a day , and they find it hard to sit still and to be silent .
To be honest , I was not very attracted by the spirit of the city at the very beginning of my stay .
Secondly , people think buying a car is a cheaper option in long term than travelling by public transport every day .
Doing sports is my hobby because I find it interesting and it makes me healthy .
The dessert also came with a choice of coffee or tea so I opted for the Lime Flower & Lavender Tea at their recommendation as well .
The purpose of this assignment is to explore the possible short story D. B. wrote and that Holden liked so much .
For this reason , the use of public transport is going down , and some experts say that there is no future for the public transport .
And , it 's really enough development in our planet , it would be better if we can leave some place blanked , we do n't need so much convenient transportation , and we can still live well .
Taking everything into consideration , it would be fair to conclude that there are numerous ways in which one can protect the environment and take care of the area in which they reside .
Daniela 's mom and her returned to the park , to continued piking the trash from the grass .
The trainee receives a grant to help to cover subsistence cost , so the company is not required to pay him a salary .
In addition you do n't think in yours problems and the only thnig that you do is have fun and do what you whant to do .
Nowadays , many people around the globe are trying to acquire a second language , when it comes to decide between learning in our own country versus learning abroad , we can find several pros and cons that might get us fairly confused .
After a little while , I heard a hoarse voice coming from the room with the open window . "
The reason I am writing to you is poor quality of a food processor , which I bought in your store two weeks ago .
The reason why I love to ski is the freedom I feel when I ski and it is also my type of sport .
The Washington Post has written down : " a spokesman for Russian President Boris Yeltsin said that the Soviet Union will cease to exist by the end of 1991 .
My expertise is to organise games for children , everybody enjoy the way I develop my strategy and they just ca n't resist the team 's rivalry during the games .
The salt brought out the sweetness of the watermelon while working as a balancing agent so the juice would not be too sweet .
We have brainstormed about many possibly interesting locations , and we eventually decided to prepare a little tour at and around the Grand Place of Brussels .
All those people who are living this abuse have to know that they are really important and deserve to be happy and free and they are not alone .
It makes mandatory for the inter - city buses , commercial vehicles and other heavy vehicles to use Compressed Natural Gas ( CNG)instead of diesel .
Český Krumlov is worth seeing as well .
Many people use public transport every day and I think this is good for our communication , because we can talk to other people .
-"Thank you for the information . Bye "- I said , knowing what I was n't going to do tomorrow .
I 'm writing you a letter because I was made a short film with my friends , and I want to tell you what is the film about and how was the experience .
For some people , living a life which enable them do what they like and like what they are doing is enough to be considered as a successful life .
I hope I 'm not asking too much and I 'd be really pleased if you 'll give me your help .
Poor people leave their towns to look for a better live , but if we start to give them enough resources and decrease their migration to the big cities , the need of energy would be decreased .
She starts to work for Mister Frederico , a young and wealthy man who has three brothers to take care .
Here you can experience the typical Milanese aperitif , during which you can have a cocktail while eating whatever you want and you can get to know many young people .
If there was someone who asked me " What is your favorite sport ? and why are you enjoy it ? " I would tell that my favorite sport is soccer and it could let me know how important the team work is and I could always feel that there was a kind of power , like someone putting me into the water from the high place , to push me running and kicking the ball .
As a result , I found two Ss opening their booklets and reading the original text to copy the sentences .
After some time I felt sad , because I realised that I wo n't be albe to see the bend playing at the stage , because I had to stay in front of the entry .
In winter is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the near peaks : skiing is my favourite sport , I do that since I was five and I love doing the most difficult slops , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
Children are supposed to be the future of their countries , but in Africa , especially in the countries in sub - Sahara Africa , there are many cases of famine - extreme cases , so children spend very difficulties .
The worst player is those who do not put their trust in the other teammates and the best one is them who put their full trust in their teammates .
But the bunny yelled at him to shut the door and bit his arm so badly that tears came out instantly from his eyes .
In winter , you need to put on heavy clothes , while in summer lighter clothes , a hat and pair of glasses will be all you need .
Despite having timing issues , I feel that thus far this was the class with the most natural student participation and the lowest amount of TTT .
The acting of a classic is undoubtedly a difficult task , and yet Olivia Hussey and Leonard Whiting play their role very convincingly .
Full of rage and disappointment she opened the door and saw the woman sitting in Michael 's lap .
Baja California is bigger than Aguascalientes for the beaches and tourist cities .
This does n't mean that parents should keep themselves distant from their son ; on the contrary , a son should talk to his family , asking for advice or just to confront each other , because communication is at the base of relationships of every kind .
In summary , I would like to point out that the most impact for young people have their own , because life is a time when people only choosing .
You are able to analyse human emotions and rationalise moral situations , so it is a movie that provides a lot of factors .
Most of the biggest American companies are in Brazil for a long time and as an English native speaker it will be easier to you to find and internship .
Different kinds of sashimi are offered - of mackerel , sea bass , octopus , butter fish .
In the first conic part it is possible to feed with the fuel ( i.e. the pellet ) that leads to the combustion chamber where the pellet will burn to generate the heat necessary to warm up the air .
I mean , it would be better that there was more transparency as far as how they spend " our money " is concerned .
All in all , I consider there is a wide variety of shopping options in our home town , so I expect tourists would not be disappointed with what there is to offer .
About 1 hour after he started to hike , he saw a big cave and there was a cozy - yellow glow inside the cave .
Nature is also change , but in a cycling direction , and in a natural rhythm : the movement of celestial bodies , the rotation of Earth , the alternation of days and nights , the sequence of seasons … , in short , the wheel of life .
The desire of some country 's leaders to become famous and to glorify their names as great commanders brought about wars and conflicts between countries .
As I told you once , Colombia has a lot of amazing places where you can have fun , met new people and learn all about our
The people of my town try to plant plants in the centre or somewhere is too smoke , so they try to keep the air at recommended levels.on the morning a lot of people go on footto the work or to the school or ride a bike or they take the bus .
In conclution , i 've got to said that now we do n't have to worry about the future we just have to carry on in present and do it the better we can .
As I am in my late 20s I 've found it hard to find a sports activity that would neither be so competitive as those in fashion in my country nor demanding , so I could do it in my free time .
I think am a suitable person to care of children , because I like working with kids , is not the first time I work with children .
Although I am rarely watching the show on TV I like the way they are trying to keep up with modern technology and that they are always making boring nes so vivid interesting through short video clips , pictures and their choice of words .
I like how the players moved through the court and how the audience applaused them every time they won a point , although I 'm not in the court I could feel the feeling of the game , it 's really awesome .
I realised there is no time to think too much when it comes to practice , because you have to act quickly and to prove yourself and the others that you use your knowledge in order to accomplish a certain task .
Today , many people , groups or social movements are disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture ; for example , the marriage or the age for married , the role of women in the family , the religions , the education and new ways of family and many values .
Silver Linings Playbook , as a Hollywood movie , describes the love story in a hilarious tone .
At that moment the phone started to ring , I pick it up ... but no one answeared me when I asked ' Who is that ? ' .
Nowadays , we usually travel very often to many different places , so for us is more comfortable our cars , but for the atmosphere and for our wallets , it is n't .
I feel I have the right experiences and attitude to be a great member of the crew and I hope you will consider my application favorably .
Whole generations are brought up with this dish , yummy as it is .
Leading articles of the most read newspapers in the States were dedicated to the first Russian president .
Another disadvantage this kind of vehicle has is the low number of passengers who can travel on a motorbike consequently not everybody finds it convenient or comfortable owning one .
In general I think our technology is not the best thing for our health and tv and other similar things are responsable for our problems with helth and eyesight .
The aim of this report is to give some information about the range of exciting activities that people can do in our area .
I can also do different activities with kids for example : singing , running around the garden , planting trees , drawing , playing instruments , etc .
I do n't have to be late for the delays , I can do anything in my own car I can put music I can drink , eat , speak or wherever .
Jacob told Jessica if they could leave the island with Scarlett 's family , she was not happy about it but she said yes .
Also our monthly speakers are exellent , for example , last year we invited a well - known actrice , Janet Hewitt , to share some of her experience on Broadway .
I love this place because it is relaxing but the only problem for me is I live alone and I 'm lonely .
Not only did they share a clear interest in writing about social issues that struck the contemporary life in Britain , but they also had similar ways of structuring their novels .
Thus , we can conclude that colour is a powerful tool but in the same way manufacturers and retail companies should take into consideration other factors .
It 's a very mooving book , but it is n't difficult , I think that 's for teenagers , but is also good for adults .
The next day , we made sure to go to the beach early and we had a blast with our other friends .
While playing , I rejoiced at this exercise , because I have never sweated so much and felt refreshed before .
After walking for a lot of days , the ' survivors ' were worried , and thinking of how much they would still need to walk to find a city , also they were thinking that maybe they were going forward one day and backwards the next day .
When I started aggressive skating , I had to learn how to balance my weight using heavy two - wheel inline skates .
In my opinion , to be a suitable person for the summer camp job you should have qualifications to create fun activities and to keep kids safe .
One night Paxton was speaking them about the crown that had spoken with an old man ( Bob Cartes ) and said to him to about the family Agers who protected the crown .
First of all , Balkan music turned out to be one of the most irresistible kinds I have ever heard .
When it comes to the best way for students to make friends , some support that participating in community activities or traveling are preferable , however , from where I am stand , joining a sports team is the undoubtedly the best choice .
So , she picked up all her stuff , left a note , and tearfully closed the door .
There is a clothes hanger near the window and the curtains are yellow , green , blue , violet and white .
The staff 's clothes are beautifully coloured and believe it or not , all of them are Japanese and can speak English fluently .
He waited for what seemed like an eternity until he saw her leaving the kitchen with Michael 's father 's breakfast .
It is known , that it is the job of paparazzi to follow famous people and look for sensation in their daily behaviour and celebs are aware of the fact , that they are recognised everywhere , but an interest in one 's private life , when the person does n't want to is basically a synonim for trespassing .
You can see modern clothes while you eat in a restaurant and you can take photos with a tv star , because they buy in this shopping center and you feel a star , because you see a famous person and you think that you are in a film .
I like this park , so to my mind it is the best park in Moscow . You should go to the Gorky Park .
You are dependent on schedules when you use public means of transport , that is to say you can not begin your journey when you want .
In conclusion , this kind of transport will have to enhance if the companies in charge want citizens to use their buses , trains and other public vehicles in the future .
And she has written a letter to you asking for granting Tsz Huan an opportunity to grow up in the family of St Paul 's .
Indeed following a routine of work would allow me to put my mind in gear and study two or three hours a day .
Everywhere I have worked before I have been praised for being very organised and having the ability to deal with unexpected situations successfully .
By playing golf you can enjoy a wonderful journey in touch with the nature and even with some friends , while you do some healthy , constant and not too tiring exercise !
In fact informal justice system is directly proportional to the Jirga that originally owns its roots to Baloch culture and had been transferred to Sindhi society progressively .
Would you be so kind as to let me know if there are some restaurants or pubs that need staff ?
A lot of people use public transport every day in this world , but some people prefer use your own car to go to the work , school , and whatever .
There are beautiful cities to visit like Madrid , Barcelona , Santiago , Valencia and all the cities of Andalucia , the south of Spain .
Indeed , the method by which a person go from point A to point B can spell the difference between a good and a bad day .
Aisha is a funny girl , she is always making jokes , and she really knows how to have fun .
Finally , I 'm proud to say that taking care of the environment is part of my and my family daily life .
While I was dancing she pushed my by accident , she did n't noticed it so I thought she was an arrogant person at first .
Further to our recent telephone conversation , I have worked as a babysitter with children aged 5 - 10 for five years .
The financial benefit that public transport gives to the common man is second to none , especially in common situations like long distance commutes for daily work .
Firstly , drought has caused farming in some of the area , such as Africa where is an underdeveloped of infrastructure and a lack of abilities to react after emergency .
In many developing countries , government rarely attach special important to both the quality and quantity of the traffic system , especially in rural areas .
Although I am in my late forties I am still very active so I like practising sports , music and going to the cinema as well .
Sharing my flat with two boys is amusing most of the time , but when it 's about cleaning … oh my !
But , if I could be there , I would n't waste my time walking down the streets or laughing at the ridiculous aristocrats .
Quickly , Angie ran to the store detective to tell him what she had seen .
However , there are various advantages and disadvantages to a mobile phone and everyone has to decide for him- or herself in which way to use this medium .
It often happens that someone jumps in front of it and you feel the vibration when the train breaks the bones of the dead person .
He was exhausted so he decided to go home , let his mother deal with the party and any problems would be taken care of by his co - workers .
Hasselt offers a wide range of interesting activities and has a lot of places of interest .
She was a machinist , and was currently working on some secret work he could n't understand .
Besides that , this restaurant is located in the heart of one of the most popular cities in southeast Asia , Kuala Lumpur .
For example , if a bus can carry 100 passengers , at least 25 cars can be reduced on road , solved the problem of traffic jam .
So my recommendation to you would be to do something similar if you are looking for good experiences and plenty of laughs !
To sum up , the world nowadays makes young people to survive by themselves , and they do spend much time to help others .
Michael had to move from his small cubicle to his own office , he had to adapt and he had to do it fast .
In conclusion , for me it is a lie that the public transportation has no future , however , they have to make improvements to this like the use of better ways of fuel or energy , one way is using renovable sources of energy such as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hidraulic(water),Also there are biodisel , and gasoline extracted from seaweed .
As the ecology organisations says , it is better for the environment , and as we decided , it is better for us to save our precious time .
In last place , it is undoubtedly influenced by the place in which you are buying ( i.e. the room , the organization , the prices , the distance , etc ) and the unknown people who are in it which may cause trouble or facilitate your shopping and make it more enjoyable .
In the new buildings there are usually dustbins for each material ( glass , plastic , etc . ) , and around the older buildings there are more and more separate dustbins .
In this case , they do not have the possibility to go out and enjoy the benefits that cities may bring to their lives .
The chocolate flavor was rich but not too sweet while the raspberry sorbet was delightfully tart and tangy .
Cars nowadays have technology that allow both drivers and passengers to have a better travel while listening to a music or use the internet without having to spend hours standing during the journey .
There is not probably a bright future for public transport if it does n't develop as it should in the world we are living today ; that is , if enterprises continue with their current already old - fashioned business model , for sure they will lose customers , and so , benefits and weight in the transportation world .
As a reoccurring theme , Puck 's use of magic creates humour , conflict and balance in the play .
We are married couple , both 32 years old , live at the moment in Flims in Kanton Graubünden .
So now , if you 're thinking hockey is for you I recommend you to buy a pair or good grass boots .
The description of the animals and insects makes them seem as if they were evil spirits to the fairies and spirits are magical .
When they arrived at mainland , Jack woke up , there was n't anyone around him , there was just sand and the beach …
I also like to speak English but I ca n't speak it at home because my little brother just says " stop talk English " when I talk English .
In conclusion , personally despite the danger of some sports , doing sports is by far better than just sit in your house and watching them .
Nonetheless , I managed to remove the box from the ground and staggered through the doorway , in the direction of the living room .
If they aware the benefits of using Trivago , they will love to use this as they could spend less time to compare all the hotels .
In order to boost the usage of public transport the government or the governing body should consider these factors and must find a solution to these problems .
First of all , you can use a taxi and give the address you have to the driver , this is an expensive ( but easy ) option .
Therefore , finding a good place to buy and enjoy a meal with fast food is not so difficult and it will not take time for people to go back their work on time .
As we all know , nowadays , English proficiency is on the list of the required skills to be employed and the market highly demands it .
Nowadays , people are really worried for their jobs due to the big financial crisis in which some people are lost their jobs and other are working in rubbish jobs for little money .
Corporate Social Responsibility ( CSR ) is indicated in more than 90% of missions statements around the world .
Despite its end and all others odds that it may have , I 'm still a big fan of Floribella and I ca n't wait to watch it again on Netflix .
Ivan is from Machachi , he is not studying anything but I am sure that he is a great person .
Suddenly he hears a weak voice whispering ; do not try to stop the shadow , let it kill the criminals or you 'll die .
By conserving this place , the opportunity to gather a great amount of psychological enrichment is conserved , too .
Unfortunately there is a lot of traffic , so the best place to avoid it is a little artificial lake called Idroscalo where people can run along the 7 kilometres perimeter or cycling open air while looking at the swans .
I enjoy running a lot because it relax me , I let out all my worries and frustrations , so it makes me happy .
IN my country peole do alot of mistake and have alot of of bad habits concerning their attitude towards the rubbish , they are always throwing their old things and rubbish in public place , the governement also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour
Therefore I think this experience of three months can offer me a unique chance of growing as a person and better understand if I am actually ready to be 100% independent .
Therefore , I consider myself competent and optimistic to respond to the challenge offered by the post of receptionist in your language school .
It meaning new day of the new year and takes place on 21 March ( first day of spring ) this day very important for us because we cleaning our house , buying new clothes just for new year .The major things in Norouz day is haft sin table and include the seven items which start with letters " s " .
After a day of shopping , you can go at one of the many restaurants Kortrijk has .
My father was happy because it was a great opportunity and understood that it was what I 've been dreaming for a long time .
However , just as I thought , more than 50 percent Scots voted ' no ! ' , so Scotland did n't separated from the United Kingdom .
And in Silver Linings Playbook , Pat and Tiffany , who both used to stuck in their misfortune in the pass , leave their pass behind and move on with each other 's love and support .
All students are different in terms of their cognitive styles , learning levels and achievements as well as motivation , personality , and pace of learning .
In fact I had to be everywhere with the guy , just hanging and helping him not to get lost in the city .
On that day I found something wrong with my position on the result board . I was shocked and decided protest for the wrongdoings of the race committee .
That is why , nowadays , I feel a huge admiration for Malala Youszafi .
Most of us think it 's a great idea , but is it better than our comfortable life in the city ?
We would gladly share our excitement about the Grand Place with your students so that they can immediately get acquainted with it as a very enjoyable place to go to .
If MUx / Px is less than MUy / Py , than it is the consumer 's duty to buy more of good Y. If MUy / Py is less than MUx / Px , than the consumer must use more of good X. When you work more , you can consume more , each additional unit yielding additional , marginal utility , so you continually increase the sum of your total utility .
When other kids are happy that makes me happy . I like it Because it makes me feel good Because you do n't haf't
After two years that his essay was released , he will understand that his essay was wrong moreover , Michael will want to apologise many people who read his essay thereby Michael now goes home , takes a cup of tea , goes to bed thus Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
Huge , bulletproof windows are my biggest dream . I could n't live without them .
Currently I am working as a teacher of English in my city of Dnipropetrovsk .
This is caused by the waste of factories , but also by the damages that tankers do not only to the sea , but to the mainland too .
To our relief , she was saved and when we went to granny room , we saw smile on her face .
I work as accountant in a company in Milan , but I would like to have more opportunities and I think improving English is really important to be more competitive at work .
I have read your advertisement in the local newspaper and I am writing to apply for a job at USA SUMMER CAMPS .
Without waiting for her answer , he just went into the office , gave to Mike , his boss for 10 years , an envelope with a resignation letter and left .
I am an English teacher here in my country , Spain , and I have worked with children aged 5 - 14 for five years now in different educational centres .
On the other hand , the farmer who owns the sheep refused to sell the sheep for higher price than normal to the circus .
All the building here have been built to respect the environment , in fact every house has photovoltaic panels on the roof .
As soon as they got to the base of the mountain trail everyone filled up their water bottle and began walking .
Trying to take care of it , extracting only the necessary and trying to cause the least possible damage .
Firstly , the immersion method takes its inspiration from the way in which we all learnt to speak our nature tongue : implicitly .
We had several problems , especially with the bus , which was often delayed and in one case it even caused us to miss a scheduled guided tour .
Finally , to make it delicious there are some tips : if you like , you can put a little salt and pepper on it .
So , it is necessary to find a solution in order to make young people keep fit in a motivated way .
He finds himself in " the Glade " , a farmstead and a camp at the centre of a towering stone maze .
I am always punctual . I 'll be good at preparing all the events as I am- as I already told you- organised .
The use and misuse of magic of magic plays a vital role in ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' .
Going places is of paramount importance for people , and going quickly even more ; that 's why I think public transport is not the most efficient way to go places .
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat so I lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area is changed so rapidly , such as , Now it have a lot of condomedium were buildeda long the main road and nowaday this area has a big shopping mall and modern hospital and large police station that 's make my life so convenience and safe because i can walk from my house to go to shopping mall about 10 minutes other that i can walk to hospital just about 5 minute so i did n't worry when i got sick and The large police station is set in front of the hospital that can assure safety for everyone who live in this area .
It is true that cars pollute the atmosphere , but it is also true that the emissions from public transport also contribute to pollution - some would say that even more than private transport , as Diesel motors are particularly dirtier and more inefficient than smaller , petrol driven motors like those of private cars .
Although in some occasions some clothes styles are required , people should have freedom to choose what clothesdo they want to wear , and it should not have consequences in our life .
basketball needs that the person should be tall enough to play it .i like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , have self_confidence and makes me active .if anyone want to play basketball , he should do many exercises and try to be able to play it because everything is difficult at first but we should n't give up .
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , is the champion of high - jumps of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he is thinking about retirement even though he feels with force and desire to go to the World cup of 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
So , this means we are getting less intimity and becoming more gossiping at the same time , as a consequence of sharing our lives on public sites .
Money is almost essential , but the way young people learn to interact with this is essential to shape a society that appreciates what it obtains through effort .
I have fond memories from my childhood , she was always cheering me up when I was in my sad or difficult times , even when she was not feeing well .
The aim of this report is to inform about the ways in which my village carries out measures to look after the environment .
Firstly I would like to say that I have some experience in looking after children because I have worked at a local summer camp last summer .
This is clearly illustrated by the growing number of recycling facilities the residents of our town have at their disposal .
Right now , he has the one thing he always wished for - popularity , but only now does he realise , that it was meaningless , point less .
I would like to apply for the job as a music and dance teaching assistant at your summer school as advertised in your advertisement .
Tom had a series of things he had to do for his friend Rob before 2 pm and had to start as fast as he could .
The car is a quick , cheap and easy transport since you can use it when you want and you can park it where you want .
Firstly , there are a lot of people in western countries , who do a part - time study and work full - time or vice - versa .
I would recommend implementing all the suggestions listed above because these improvements will increase the number of foreign students making their accommodation in the town more pleasant .
What is more , these styles usually tend to abandon the classical tendencies , and both rose in a response to a new demand in the culture .
The house is already equipped with everything you might need and furniture so all you need to do is pack up your things and move !
Furthermore , I have an excellent relationship with the people I work with , although I very often strike people as bossy and unfriendly .
Secondly , private cars are the main reason for the air pollution . We should consider the protection of environment for human future , not only care about the convenience we can see for now .
Some children start school at 7 years old , it depends on when they are born - at the beginning or near the end of the year .
For lot of people , travel by your own car is more comfortable than travel by public transport like bus or metro , because you do not depend on a schedule , that it is very common when you take public transport .
Whenever I talk with someone I meet for the first time , I often make us fall into awkward silences .
Another point is we have our own cars and it 's more comfortable , I do n't have to wait in line to buy tickets .
I will be at the train station at 7 o'clock and I will be waiting for you at the gate number seven .
In addition , I have experience working in restaurants during the summer so I am used to all types of kitchen duties including cooking and washing up .
Michael decided to open the door and back for her , he thought better the things he do not want to leave her again , he like her , he knows himself and he wants to know her , he have kept all his feelings for a long time .
When I stop doing it for a week , I feel that there is something missing and I 'm not in a good shape .
But nothing is real . They realize that no cup is on table , no one is at room , and the light is off .
The objective of this study was to see how people adapted to new technologies and how our cultural roots are being forgotten .
Animals , insects and plants are commonly referred to in ' ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' and these descriptions add to the magic .
The main shopping mall of the city is under reconstruction at the moment , but in one year it will be open for visitors and will surprise them with high tech design and exclusive brands .
I thought that he must have called the reception for some wine , as the waitress said that every night after he had eaten , he always drank a glass of wine .
Last month a monument was erected in their memory so that nobody forgets what happened in that large forest where - as the people would say in that time - German soldiers can not guard all wood , unless they stood behind each spruce ....
It is a different kind of restaurant , because you can find not only the typical Spanish food , also dishes from different parts of the world .
According to the findings , it is clear that nowadays going to nightclubs and cinemas are more popular than going to theatres and operas or visiting historical places .
He was accused of mistreating his wife and that is the reason why they had been separated for the last eight months .
My favorite one is the Italian salad , because it is healthy and the sauce they use is savoury and strange .
If you come on Spring , you have to visit Seville , and you will enjoy the Easter Week and the Feria week .
On the other hand , going abroad without your family might be a really bad experience , because you may thoroughly miss them , maybe because you are not able to visit them as much as you can due to living far away from home .
They present complex informations so smartly that an ignorant fool feels like a sagacious monk , whence he becomes the follower and a voter .
Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest by a critical perspective but while shooting the film , appear some protests against the privatization of water and the team fall into a chaos and then film starting to give some social , politic messages .
I consider this course as a priority in order to get every employee to feel motivated and involved in what this company has to offer .
On the other hand , the majority feel lazy and they go shopping just for special occasions , without any rush , they dedicate time in search of fashionable clothes , best quality garmets , stylish items .
Therefore , they choose a job that is related to a hobby or sport so that they can learn from and earn money at the same time .
I am accustomed to work with children because the last two summers I worked in summer camps and I have two little sisters that I love them and which I spent a lot of hours take care of them .
If you could give me a chance to working with you and your organization , it will be a great pleasure for me .
The warm interior is the perfect place to eat in winter , while in summer , many diners prefer the exterior tables beside the turquoise Soca river .
Good products with reasonable prices , a good manager of the strong leadership and excellent marketing plan are the factors that lead to success in business
Then she would n't be talking about the negative aspects of work because it is work which allows her to consume and maximize her utility .
Therefore , outside the school , Vietnamese parents want to send their children to tutorial classes , such as : math , writing , grammar , … .
Inocencio , surprised by this discovery , asked to his partners in the Order of Saint Bartolo about the taste of their blood , incredibly , after a needlestick in their fingers , all the priests from the congregation agreed that their blood did not taste like the wine converted in Holy blood at the church .
It is celebrated on the mother 's day on May , the first Sunday and it is located in the city 's longest avenue , around a kilometre plenty of flowers where you can make your own bouquet for your mother 's present .
I would love to be in an intellectually stimulating environment , being surrounded by the brightest young minds from all over the world .
Public institutions should encourage the use of public transport , especially trains as they use electricity and are less pollutant than other means of transport .
The bottom line is ; a fast paced game is a much more exciting experince for players and viewers as opposed to a slow paced one and that makes the " shot clock " fundamental to the dynamics of the game .
On June 21st Is impossible for me because I have an appointment with Mr Set , my dentist .Can we set the meeting for the next week ?
If you are looking for a movie to see , I recommend you " Nemo " , it 's the most beautiful Disney 's movie .
To summarise , my hero of 2013 is Epke Zonderland , because of his achievements in the gym .
On the other hand , if we do n't use public transport and every person use a car , pollution will increase a lot .
Sara had left our hire - car keys on top of the table and had paid no attention to them for a while .
The painting is an amazing one and one should definitely take a look at it in order to appreciate its full beauty .
The painting is an amazing one and one should definitely take a look at it in order to appreciate its full beauty .
That made me get crazy and angry , so I knocked him down with only one punch .
Apparently , it is a good thing , because it is a significient symbol for the development of a country ; however , on the other hand , doing large - scale building projects may bring a galaxy of probems .
It offers a delicious Egyptian menu which provides enough dishes to cover all tastes , as an example , their delicious fresh eggplant traditional salad .
I love to design presentations and edit things at the computer but also in real life like my room , clip - art and more .
In my opinion it is very important to speak several languages not only for above reasons but also to train brain , to have the opportunity to find a job abroad and , why not ?
So I think you should n't be upset because now it is a difficult period , I know , but it passes and we can get back our life when we go to university .
In addition , they often have discounts and offers , so you can get some bargains is you look into the wardrobes .
Is it the poor , homeless children in your country or the starving people in Africa , or is it some cancer organizations ?
This method has its advantages , as it is the way we all learnt to speak , and so it is arguably more natural .
Michael and Marcuangolo were friends but in the school they were enemies .They had amazing battles in the playground .
In addition , I am committed to science and I am a dedicated , team - oriented person , who is able to work independently .
I am going to look at my lessons again to see if I can change those lessons and try to make my pupils active .
I just go to the gym twice a week to attend a course and I swear I have never sweated more .
It is a lovely place not far from our school , and I think it 's interesting in his natural habitat .
So it is very strange for US to say " rule by law " when they support Occupying Central .
In light of the above , and as agreed I seek your kind help in approving the price of $ 30.00 per each to close this deal in a safe way .
I ' am not saying that television has to educate our children , but it has to offer programmes which make them revise essential things as numbers or letters .
Get the train and jump off at the " Viterbo " stop - I will be right out of the station waiting for you !
Besides , it offers you spare time to read and listen to music , provided you can find a seat and have a calm trip .
Three Roman emperors built totally the Colosseum and they were Vespasian , Titus and Domitian .
Meanwhile , a surge of sympathy and despair overwhelmed me with lots of thought - provoking words .
Michel 's parents were out so it was the perfect excuse to have an amazing party in the living room , even though they forbid him meeting with friends .
Pontevedra has been one of the most polluted towns from Galicia for many years .
Autumn is also a great season because of all the colorful leaves falling even though they are a hassle to pick up , especially in the pools .
Assembled around those long tables , you will find the smaller tables and even a cosy lounge for people waiting for a free table .
They never spoke about it till a few years ago , as they were considered like criminals by their countries as they had broken the law during that time .
All citizens are involved in the process by organizing their waste in the corresponding bins and by making good use of the waste calendar .
Famous people should realize that if they try to gain famous all the time and waste their time on it , they will not have their own private life .
He was in the same state as her for about a week after the drama , and had to live on his own for the years who came .
My advice for people who would like to start dancing ballet is : do n't be afraid , it does n't matter if you are seven or seventy , if you want to do it you can .
You should bring summer clothes because it 's very hot at his time of the year , and some jackets since the north of this country can be a little chilly too .
When you want to travel the world or just going to visit your parents , which are two thousand miles from you , it would be better to take a bus or a train .
The first difference when compared to ordinary TV Shows is that all episodes from Season One were released at the same time .
From : 6kDtyhs40lPuEC8Q3@web.de
Key words : ecotourism , marketing , track , the Guarujá beaches , tourism .
Also the staff there was very nice and they wanted me to stay , but I needed more money so unfortunately I could n't .
We all know the situation , when we are in supermarket standing in front of two products which are the same , but one of it costs much more than the other .
La Cacharreriaes a tapas restaurant so you can choose lots of different , small dishes and share them .
Our Mistakes mistake made us better than before if in life we had't got any mistake we would n't succeed that 's why the mistakes are very important in life and I believe our mistake improve us so
If we take a look on the Swiss public transport system , in the bigger cities almost all people go to work by public transport .
Contradicting the Pro - choice groups , Pro - life supporters consider terminating any pregnancy unjustifiable .
All members of the team will get benefits and push each other to achieve the goal by giving some advice and more information .
I believe I would be the perfect candidate for this position and I would be happy to attend a Skype interview whenever is convenient for you .
According to a global survey , Taiwan wins reputation in effectiveness , in which Taiwan government has legislated severe laws to prevent corruption .
A team of professional cleaners responsible for keeping the streets clean , scheduled every four hours and divided by areas .
Every year , in my house , we play the same role : my mother and my sister prepare different plates for Christmas dinner , and I am highly probably the responsible for carrying those plates from the kitchen to the dining room , because the rest of the family is lost in their conversations trying to save the world .
Beyazit Tower is 85 meter located in the courtyard of Istanbul University 's main campus in Beyazıt Square .
How would the entire world in general and the mountaineering fraternity in particular , judge my decision ?
He refers to using nicknames , for example , as a way of self - expression that can shape the audience 's mind and interpretation of writers ' identity .
Besides , cycling along a canal allows me to witness flowers and trees blossoming and fowls ' chicks growing up , reminding me of the beauty of nature .
There are plenty of things to do , and the ambiance in the hotel is relaxed , so you can really enjoy your holiday .
Maybe in 50 years we will find out how our brain works and we will be able to create an artificial intelligence system that would solve all our problems .
For these reasons , I strongly believe I am able to take on the demands of a full - time job in your facilities .
When Fernanda came out from her room , she started prying on her mom wallet if she did n't have anything about the police or something and she did n't have anything so she forgave her .
We have an active Nightlife in this city , live gigs are performed from Wednesday to Sunday in several pubs with free access and our cinemas have always had a good movie listing
Some people tend to think that their jobs have more effect on their happiness , while others seem to believe that their social life has more of an influence .
At that moment everything changed , he reminded his childhood , his recovery and his sane life , then Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
What if a student would rather to do something he / she likes instead of he / she is good at ?
The best places for young people to visit in Sweden is Stockholm city and few more places that can be exiting .
As mantion above the heat is necessary to warm up the air that , thanks to the fan , will be blown out to the room in order to warm up the external ambient ( e.g. room , bathroom , kitchen ... ) .
The only preponderance of film acting versus stage acting is in camera / editing work and special effects .
Honestly , I thought I would n't like the restaurant but I was completely wrong .. I loved it !
There is a pub called Richard 's . You can easily find it because it 's huge green building just next to the library .
Next to me everybody feel calm and confident . I 've learned a lot in the last 15 years .
Despite the bad weather , if you travellled by car , you could park your car near your destination , so that you could arrive comfortably .
Now , in relation to the job tasks I would have to perform , I feel totally capable of doing all of them with enthusiasm and effectiveness .
If the demolition crew camp in front of my place again tomorrow I 'll just show them the form ...
This opportunity appeals enormously to me and I feel confident that I can meet the challenges presented by such a role .
It is not a problem for me to work in the kitchens because I cook on my house and I think I do very well .
The lecturer disagrees with that point of view , because it is possible to introduce computer substitution or do research on tissues .
Meanwhile , Elen was going to receive a birthday present from her boyfriend , Ken : a house for both to live .
If you want to know more about the destination , just write me a message or give me a call .
However , when talking about great achievements , I will always talk about people like Nelson Mandela , Martin Luther King or Rosa Parks .
I got to Birmingham at 14:00 , I think , and then , as I 've never been to Birmingham I had to look for the 02 Academy , where the event took place .
The student did n't have the courage to interrupt his teacher and give him such a strong pain and disillusion : he slunk away while the old professor was still speaking enthusiastically to nobody .
However , we can already fight this - waiting the developing of advanced technology which can better exploit renewable , sustainable energy . - for example taking advantage of public transports .
Nowadays there are a lot of different forms of conditioning that deeply influence people so that they feel the need to buy specific brands of items , object , cars and so on .
We all agree on that , eating food is one of the best moments on our day , it 's like word stops for a few minutes in which you are just enjoying your food .
Is the traditional music of a country more important than the International music that is heard everywhere nowadays ?
Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .
Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .
In some cases it may be true that brand products are better than no names , for example technology products , but products like Red Bull or others like that , are definitely not always better .
In other words , how can we convince school board and colleagues that it is better for pupils to learn in an active way ?
Famous people have to notice , how much they have , apprecciate it and stop complaining about not having a private life , because it is not such a disaster like they often think .
I had an exact copy of what the students had on their clue cards on a separate piece of paper this time rather than in the lesson plan its self .
In the market , you can find a wide range of computer games or video games to keep fit , such as dancing to the rhythm of last hits , playing tennis , doing aerobics , running ...
Travelling by car is muc more convenient , as many people say , but public transport is much better for the environment .
If they want to bear some hassle and become more productive in their life , they can manage both things side by side .
It can be the benefit at school as well , because if you need some information for some project , you can look at foreign literature too .
I am very interested in this post , since it offers an excellent opportunity to develop my career in international management .
I started chatting with the chef who told me that he wanted to start a dessert lounge for people to relax and enjoy desserts .
He was starting to get nervous , he was arriving late to his sister 's wedding , it was probably the best day of her life and he was n't there with her .
So , I enjoy running alone or with friends , because this sport have a lot of possibilies , more than I believed when I started to run after finishing High School .
After years of contemplating between staying with Marianne - who was more or less the joy of his parents ' life , not him , Marianne - for life or leaving and start fresh , he has finally chosen the latter , thinking that it was the right decision to make at that moment .
I can work really hard if its needed and am very energetic , so I think and hope I am the suitable person for the job and I would really enjoy the job and look after children .
It 's a large space with a lot of shops , so we need much time to visit all of them .
Secondly , the classroom method is the one with which most students ( especially if they are older ) are familiar .
' I must keep an eye on the door ' he muttered as he entered . '
Strongest allegation on the Jirga system or ' informal justice system ' has been its unfairness against innocents during the course of decisions and execution on variety of its rules and regulations .
go shopping , eat some lovely French meals , drink lots of wine and return before work on Monday .
Once the sun goes down , I would hit the bars to have some drinks and enjoy the nightlife .
After more than seven hundred years , in 1733 , the latin - catholic bishops residence was moved from Cenad to Timisoara , where the first cathedral became the church of jesuists monks .
All in all , this is a gripping , moving , and entertaining film that will make you reflect on some social issues .
Talking about money probably car is more convenient , even if you have to pay for fuel , highway and everything that is necessary to the maintenance of the car .
Of course she was really afraid , because if she accepted that job , she would have to move to New York City .
Finally , to add one more touch to the experience you can take a ride in their tuk - tuk .
In my opinion , I think this is the most suitable restaurant for this special occasion as everyone would have a wide variety of food to choose from and just let the view of the city enhance the night .
I think that an Italian restaurant is a great place for my class because there they can choose between different fantastic dishes for example : pasta , pizza , seafood or pork .
Bamboo Charcoal ( $ 138 ) - I got to watch the chef as he prepared my dessert at the counter and I was getting more and more excited to taste his artful presentation as it came to life !
She opened the room with some keys that all the waitresses have , and saw Mr Smith lying dead on the floor .
The number of Mango Co. will grow up steadily from May to July next year , it will stay remain at 500 thousands of pairs for four months then get the highest number about 600 thousands of pairs in this period .
Nearby there is also a large supermarket and a home store which offers products for building purposes , also connected to a shopping gallery .
The first one was very boring for him because he was very tired and he was n't about listening everything that the teacher was saying .
In fact , students learn lots of formulas and principles without actually linking them with one another in order to use them in real life .
On the other hand , we help to improve and clear up the environment if we throw away the rubbish in the green points of the town .
My parents call me a shopaholic and I almost agree . I like it because it is fun to look at clothes and try them .
Firstly , I must inform you that I am dissatisfied with the hotel receptionist because he forgot to place my wake - up call and as a result I overslept and I missed my flight .
In my opinion , family is more important than friends , but probably I spent more time with my friends than family . I know if I need something my family is always there .
Hoardings and billboards , which are a part of the urban landscape , are art .
Concerning this amazing trip I only have two questions left starting with the weather , considering your experience with the changes happening this time of the year and the second and last about what type of clothes you recommended which is of great importance primarily for our female students .
Even if you are the best player in the whole world , you have always to play for your team - or else , be ready to be overcame by your foe !
He began to play as a professional in Spain when he was 14 years old and he began in our national team when he was 17 years old .
There is a great variety of dishes , from starters to main dishes and desserts , my recommendation is garlic bread as a starter .
With regards to traffic , travelling by public transport can also be quicker , as there is a bus lane and no traffic for tube .
I really like spend time on the beach but there are a lot of time so we could go to the swimming - pool if your parents say yes .
Los Frailes is in Machalilla National Park , It is a wonderful beach , the sand is too white .
Although now we have very advanced technology which has made our lives completely different and comfortable than before , in the future it will be much better than this .
This is especially beneficial in the workplace , where employees can do their work far faster than they could in the past .
Our town is full of green plants everywhere : in the school playground , between the roads and many other places .
Michael Xander is the famous team captain of Onix University , one of the most prestigious school in the Philippines .
When you get hired by a British employer it will be because of your experience or achievements as a leader in sports .
Meanwhile , I always feel exhausted and barely have any energy to talk with anyone after a long day from the work .
I have moved a lot in my life , as I said before that my parents are divorced and because of that I have moved a lot .
It can be seen in many aspects ranging from producing a maintenance process , improving performance for a specific part of the mechanical system to creating the whole new product .
One of the most renowned romance films based on the Shakespearean play was directed by Franco Zeffirelli in 1968 .
Finally , it is a good way of travelling because it is safer than travelling in a car or in a motorbike and also in the way that you are much relaxed than in a car and it saves time too .
But have you ever gone to the shop just for milk and bread and came back with a full bag of goods but no bread ?
I am really interested in applying for this job because I am an outgoing person and I am good at dealing with people .
As we were going back to the ski lift , we heard a strange noise which was coming from the bushes behind us .
Citizens want at the same time efficient and quick means of transportation , personalised solutions to meet their transportation needs , and the cheapest transportation cost .
I know how to look after kids I even have two little sisters and I take care of them .
You 've kept working on it for almost your entire life now and although you have not become a professional one you have never given up .
This approach strikes me as much more realistic and I urge you to reconsider it before it is too late .
For example , saving the endanger wildlife and the scarce fish in the sea is much more important than those inventions which only make our lives more convenient .
Many of us hang out together during weekends and they have become a group , like me and my other three close friends , but also " best friend " .
2 . I did n't get stuck often at thinking in which word I should use , which gave me enough time to finish .
All these memories are always with me , and to go through them again I do n't even need to close my eyes , everything in my mind heart is too vivid to forget .
For example , when people learn a new word or a formula , they need to think about how to use it in real sentence or exercises .
In my opinion , we should build a perfect world for them to grow up in a safe and environmentally friendly place .
Tennagers also have to make serious decisions like choosing secondary school , future job , which way they will go in their life , if they want to be in relationship with someone .
They even asked me , I wanted to go with who , they grabbed my hands , wanded me go themself , but I had no idea , because I love my mother and my father so much .
The main similarity between face - to - face learning and online learning is that they both provide valuable learning skills to students .
Then we had lunch and went to ' Giardini Naxos ' and we saw the necropolis .
In conclusion , this revolutionary technology has potential to vastly improve the way we manufacture our goods , and in the process of doing that benefit the whole world .
My skills and accomplishments speak for me , because i 'm qualified for this job , i have the requirements that are requested that apply to work here .
I was born and raised in China , being a Chinese , it is our obligation to remember what Japanese soldiers had done to us during World War II .
Anyway , a lot of people will need some transport in some cases not privat , but public , and we ca nt say that this kind of transport willl not be useful .
But let me tell you this , you 're an amazing person and I totally think that you can handle this and even more .
The job announcement on your webpage immediately took my attention , as it has always been my dream to work for the German - Norwegian Youth Forum and the requirements meet just the skills that I can provide you with .
The reason is that , once we are free from our oil shackles , we will say farewell to most of its problems .
Inside the house , there would be enormous French windows with long curtains and stylish and practical furniture .
When we were about to leave we realized that there were a short letter on the table . ' I have your car keys .
Oh my God , oh my God , that must be the letter of the drama club ! " , Jennifer screamed .
' The Go - between ' by L.P.Hartley
For example , Internet in the next 50 years will be very different , I guess that people will have a chip in our head and they may do many things with your mind like if we need to call other people , we will think about it and we may speak with it .
As a matter of fact , you just have to eat a balanced diet and do sport twice or three times a week .
I think that your brain is like your body , they both need exercise to be active and the way to get it is reading something .
Athletes are extremely strong , probably they might fall in love with a sport at the first sight .
Being able to live far from one 's workplace , people could travel far and wide for pleasure and indulge themselves in a remarkable trip .
In my case , I 'm always wrong with the sizes and to return the products , takes me a long time and a great effort , so it does n't worth it .
Two - sided it must be , or else she 'll disappear forever and a day . "
To sum up I think that it 's important to know that we should recycle plastic as well as carton , glass , etc .
Well then , let 's start with the time we eat and what we eat at those moments here in Holland .
" Seven " is a story about a psychopathic serial killer , who kills on behalf morality and ethics .
The environment is an important part of our life contributing in a positive way in our part of life without even concern about important parts for us to survive .
However the progress in adolescence is important for the next stage of life so I believe both are good at bring up their children .
Every summer I help my mom 's summer camp , but it 's a summer camp of babies and I would like to work wth older children because I think it 's more challenging . I would love to work at any placeacross th US .
I believe myself to be a suitable person for this job , as I am a hard working , reliable , cheerful , fun - loving person .
We , humans , can say that we live on the planet Earth without being metaphorical first time in all our history .
After a few exciting hours of the party she said thank you to her friends and boyfriend and promised she will never forget what they did for her .
If I were you , I will give up with sport , because I think that music classes can help you to impress a girl .
When you need a bank notes , the first thing you should do is to design what aspects of information you want .
Another cup that is Swedens second biggest cup and are called " Piteå Summer Games " and it is shorten to " PSG " .
Parkour is a discipline in which its main proporse is to train your body and mind to be able to pass through a point A to point B , in any kind of environment , the safest and faster way without causing no harm to your body .
The journey to the United States was surprisingly good , I had some friends on the plan who were going to the same destination as me and I actually did n't miss my family that much .
One day , my old brother went to park where we often go to play tennis , he saw a boy who held a red hat cried on the branch , not knowing what to do , he stranded behind a big tree and looked at the boy .
So if we want to live a life which is n't controlled by our fears , we must try to be more objective and pay mre attention to the real dangers .
However , not all parents have that kind of personality and most of them are confused or use the wrong ways to teach their children .
I ca n't wait to be with her again , I do n't like leaving her for a long time .
The main reason which makes me love it , maybe that 's the teamwork , the feeling of unity when you 're in a big team and the sound of the net when the ball goes into the basket , it makes you go to the seven heaven .
Go every second day , run in your own rhythm , and the next week you can do more ! ... and a day you will run a half marathon , and you will be strong , fresh and so confident , like never before !
This marathon is very hard due to severe conditions of low oxygen and a steep slope , so people who are proud of strong body try this marathon .
If you talk to a friend , who is also a member of your family , the situation could turn out to be a little awkward .
If you need a trial session , I am more than happy to attend and prove my assets to your bar .
By the way , if you need anything else , you know where I am , and I really mean it .
Lima is among the top ten cities have the messiest public transport in the world .
He smiled , knowing that even the best laid plans crumble and was glad that he was taught to plan to police standards .
As I 've got some extra money at last , I think It 's high time for me to think how to make it cozy and comfortable .
She got into her car and look for her husband for all their small city , Pentonville , after half an hour she saw him sleeping in a square .
Although this soap involves a lot of cheating and plotting between characters , it also shows the importance of family values . I would definitely recommend this drama serial to other people .
The more excited she is , the more dissappointment she had . Mimi catch sight of her lover was kissing another young girl in his room .
Peer support is something that teachers expect and promote in all subjects , but it seems to emerge more genuinely when talking about CLIL atmosphere .
The painting is most famous for the smile of the woman , which people have been trying to decipher for a long time .
I 'll have plenty of time to do what I want , however I would like to spend my time in the right things .
To begin with , I think that most people use their car to go to work and also when they go on holiday o to move themselves around the city or town because they feel free and do n't have to pay attention to the timetable .
Walter Mitty is acted by an excellent Ben Stiller , now arrived at the top of his career as actor .
The test tube contained watermelon juice with sea salt which was very refreshing to drink in the summer heat .
After not being a wizard nor kidnapped by aliens , I did not meet Lady Gaga in New York nor hang out with her and Justin Timberlake .
The point is that I completely focus on my projects soI spend ten hours every day making a tremendous effort with my budgets , trying to increase benefits and I am doing well .
The centre of our town , where the supermarket is , does also have a site for dumping your rubbish .
Knowledge that sometimes are unknown even though it is part of the general culture or proper of the history of our country .
- access to public transport is way cheaper than taking care of your own car ; though initially it might look like a huge disbursment of money from the community , in the long term it shows to be the most efficient way to travel !
There are so many options on television that sometimes it 's hard to make up your mind , do n't you think ?
It can be proved by now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher , beside it is not as costly as using a car , the quality of public transportation are improved so citizen have no worry using it .
I utterly agree with the statement : travelling by car is much more convenient , because you can go wherever you want without waiting for a bus or train at a bus stop or station .
However , there is a problem and it is that the film shows much violence and it should not be seen by children , only by teenagers or older people .
Most of the time , pet is not allowed to be in a public transportation , which not a good thing for a pet owner .
Each years , in the summer holiday I 've worked in the " Summer camp " organised in our neighboorhood both helping in the kitchens and organising sports and various activities for children between 6 and 13 years hold .
It is therefore no surprise that a person 's age and experience come under scrutiny when positions in government need to be filled .
Like I told you , I 'm a web graphic designer , among other , focused more in design and my usage of code is very limited .
Inside it , we can find the well known sistine chapel , I ca n't tell you how it is , because last year when I went , there was a changeover of pope , and it was closed and I could n't entry .
Some years ago we did n't use the technology to get in touch with friends and family but nowadays it 's the most important thing for
The most well - known shopping centre is called Marina Bay Sands mall , located in the south part of the island .
I am a very energetic , hardworking , caring , tolerant , fun to be with 30 years old woman who loves spending time with children .
Tennis is made of several ingredients : suspense , emotions , physical skills and training are combined with tactics and intelligence .
When I go there I also drink a good mixed beer : half light beer and half red beer with of a good flavor .
It has a unique modern - rustic interior design suitable for any occasion be it a birthday party , family gathering or even a date with your loved ones .
That being said , I still feel that the reasons I have presented was strong ones , such as more resources and infrastructure .
if I would have the opportunity of giving some advice to a person that is starting in this sport , I would tell him to do not give up , because this ai nt an easy sport , and that is more mental than physical
Also , parents are like models to follow for their children , and as children do what they see they will copy their parents actions .
To me , a dream vacation is like going to a beautiful island like Palau , where I can enjoy the sunshine and the sea .
When he was ready he took his keys and everything he needed , he locked the door and went to his job .
Army years often have an impact on the whole family , especially in case of bullying or the possibility of being sent to the warzone .
In many countries , it 's consider that the relatives are the close family and the only people with an individual can be just the way he is .
" I ask myself , wondering how did I come up with some ideas and words that seem just so good and uncommon right now .
Although I was not able to attain any awards in the competition , I gained a lot of public speaking skills from the competition .
When I got married , things quickly went from bad to worse because I had to work at two shifts , at home and the shop .
The population of Istanbul is over 20 million and Istanbul is among the largest cities in the world by population within city limits .
If you are like them , it will raise your eyebrows due to the huge variety of sports equipment you will see .
8 years later she has become my best friend , my lost sister , my complement .
I can speak English and of course German - and because my grandparents are from Korea , a little Korean , too .
First of all , at the English course which I do at the HZ , I learned and improved my writing in many ways .
There you must n't speak lauder and you always have to wait for your turn to borrow something or you have to wait if another student has the book you need .
There is a great number of politicians and film stars who are followed by paparazz who are trying to know more about their private life .
The other big commercial area is in the city center , with a more variety offer , fashion , bars , supermarkets , local food shops , wine shops etc ....
Finally , my plane landed in Cairo almost five hours after I had left England and I had to remember that the time there were two hours in advance .
In addition the unwillingness of the banks to lend money to anyone without a stable job is something important to take into account .
the best three team in the national league can take part at champions league ( in Europe ) or Asian league ( in Asia ) and so on .
It is said that a well - known cast enabled her to be highly granted for her piece , but I have some doubts about it .
Nevertheless , identical twins that were separated when they were very young and have been raised in different environments show differences in their personalities .
In addition , spending too much time in activities like watching TV , surfing the Internet or playing video games prevent them from doing sports .
The school government should offer more extra - curricular activities , including organising excursions in the local area and giving students a chance to choose the school course which appeals to them the most .
In this essay , I am going to discuss whether building a bypass around our town is beneficial to our community or not .
While he was lost in the action , a strange and unexpected sound came from his sister 's bedroom .
The only thing I knew was the date of the exams was becoming more threatening as time went by .
So , I think the statement would be like this " There is no future for travelling by car , because public transport is so much more convenient and cheaper " .
When you go by car you may control your timing , stop at will and if you go with someone else , it may be cheaper : provided the cost of the journey will be the same , no matter how many passengers you take with you ; while on public transport you should pay a ticket for every single rider .
However , if you are looking for little goodies for your family members , you should visit the shop close to the castle .
Apart from that I imagine the world with everything automatic , planes that took me from New York to Dubai in three hours and robot instead of the weiters in a restaurant .
Although the reason for the break - up is not totally clear , the girl is saying that it was all her fault .
This would allow considerable numbers of talented students to benefit from an opportunity which they would otherwise be unable to take .
I 'd like to think that we will find a method to travel through the universe at the higher speeds than the speed of light .
He looked down and noticed that there was a city of marine life and the battle was n't really a battle it was a revolution , were the fish where the citizens .
The dispatcher told Peter to calm down and check if he had scissors , towels and water in his car .
Belarus is not a popular tourist destination nowadays but a lot of people would be surprised to find real medieval atmosphere in Grodno , a western city of the country .
They say the reason why he has a human face is the farmer gave his mom an extra dose of Vitamin A. As a result , that causes the deform in his face .
My favorite swimmer is Michael Phelps because He was the best swimmer in the world and I hope that He returns to olyimpic games at Rio de Janeiro in 2016 .
After that , I sign up into Karate classes but I did n't like combat sports like this .
Last but not least , the mobile phone enables worried parents or suspicious partners to track the child or the loved one nearly permanently .
If I do that , now the day is one of my best days , it 's a managed day for me .
On the other hand it will lead to more driving , because smarter driving reduces the cost per mile of vehicle usage .
The theater is famous not just because of its age , but also because it was built in the middle of the jungle .
The most engaging and intriguing part of this book is that the people who live along the Yellow River , how they suffered from the flood and how they handled the devastation and make a better solution .
In every room we will have a big screen , where we 'll be able to see , where are our children and if everything 's ok .
I have always loved seeing my mom cooking and the fact that you have this in the camp just makes me happier .
He was quite small , about seven years old and he was beaming , smiling from ear to ear .
Since cars produce exhaust fumes which slowly destroy our planet , we should start using public transport more often .
It must have been the aftereffect of whatever that clowns in masks have done to me . I want to shut down all the noises around , especially those whisper shouts coming from behind .
In this respect , newspapers seem to be more credible than numerous websites that make up fake stories much more than publishing real news .
Inside , there are really great photos and lots of articles about all our favourite singers and bands .
The headline was : LOOK AT THE SARAH WITHOUT MAKE - UP , SHE LOOKS LIKE A HORSE !
The first Sunday of every month , a group of volunteers goes in the parks of the village to clean it and to cut the grass .
This was a great impact on total land degraded as Europe was more affected , with a total of 23% .
If more skateboarded users are willing to go to Central Plaza , there are more customers to help the growth of business .
I am currently working at a place where I am getting a great wage so I have the possibility to accompany you on your journey .
The government usually advise the population to use public transport to cut down pollution and the amount of gases which damage the atmosphere .
For example when they find what they want , or find something in a smaller size , or just find a trifle and are happy .
The next step is the most important and it involes inspection , which means good and bad sheets are separated during this process .
If you are asked about yourself , you should n't tell your biography or something that has been written in your CV .
At the beginning , I was immature and only thought of myself , sometimes even giving up when I was tired or hurting .
Contemporarily , the most wide - spread belief is that some people are born with a talent and some unlucky ones simply are n't .
I am currently carrying out my Final Project as well as preparing the First Certificate Exam , planned for July and June , respectively .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy about 175 c.m and his Weight is 71 k.g and has a wight skin .He love going to the beach and he love swimming .He is a casual clothes wearing such Shirt and jeans which mostly blue , Gray and Black .If you see him you notice how he is an elegant .
I 'm sure you will agree that it can be one of your best experiences if you pay attention to your instructor all the time .
The way of livng change everyday : if we think about our grandparents ' , but also about our parents ' life , we notice many differences .
A lot of different languages are spoken in all over the world , and it is not easy to choose one of them to learn it .
In Brazilian culture , if during a conversation a person speaks too low , the listener will assume that the speaker does not want to continue with the dialog or does not care about what you are talking .
Finally , it is also recommended to update the books in the library : most of them are quite old and outdated .
In the future , I 'd like to continue being with her , and talking and having fun as we do together now .
he received a lot of critics simply because many economists and econometricians in the world do not trust the source that he was used in his essay moreover they thought that he received money from Italian government .
Travelling by car is so much more conveniente if we think about small places such as villages or small towns .
Apart from this group of voluntaries every person of the village is obliged to take care of the environment and use the car as little as possible so the pollution is as minimum as possible here the bicycle is the most famous way of transport car are n't common they are only used when transporting heavy thing or when travelling long distances .
Some values such as solidarity and empathy , that were believed lost , can appear surprisingly in the personality traits of many young people today .
On the one hand there are hardly any banks in these regions , so they do n't have access to bank services .
I have a brother named Markus who wants to be a professional tennis player when he gets older , he is 17 years old .
Assessing these similarities and differences each student has the option to choose the option which better suits in his lifestyle .
I think it is cool to have a social network , and there is nothing wrong to let kids enjoy the technology that became part of our generation .
I was surprised because all my friends knew that I had n't been living at my parents ' house .
If you enjoy a classic book , but with more action and a little bit twisted ; watch Alice in Wonderland .
In the listening passage , the professor discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it helps to reduce heart attacks and strokes by 40 percent , due to the fact that it reduce blood clot , and slowing the deterioration of brain function .
My reason for applying for this position is that I am good on combining my experience in swimming with my wide knowledge of the countryside which I think it will be interesting for the children .
It was merely a goodbye kiss , a quick brush of lips before he had to rush to the airport .
There is a good example involving developing countries , which economies have been successful due to being the most opened to free trade , and countries with a low economic growth , that closed themselves off to international trade .
Your journey lasts about 40 minutes and you have to get off at the station called Brighton and I will be there !
I prefer to use the train or the tube , because they are punctual and because there are a signs where you can see the time less .
When do you think that it is right to order people to work in the community to pay for their crimes ? "
The aim of this report is to give some tips for tourist who come to the city . I will provide you with some pieces of advice about shopping clthes in the city as long as some recommendations .
First , an inspection to the school 's facilities was organised , in order to assess the school premises .
The mixture must be smooth and compact . Pour the chocolate and cut the cookies with a round shape .
These people sometimes think of their sons or daughters as innocent angels who spend a lot of their time with inexperienced teachers with no qualifications .
In recent years , I have been buying the ham in a shop in Cáceres which is hugely popular and I really enjoy seeing that my family is delighted , but overall I enjoy seeing my niece , who is still a child , eating ham .
The chamber 's guide was written by business men and women who were familiar with the habits of both countries .
The most important street in Toulouse is Boulevard Chausse , and it is near to the river .
First , I want to present myself my name is Daniela and I 'm 16 years old .
Also the effects of those actions would be gigantic and would help improve the environment situation nevertheless we will still have to change some activities and be less self - centred so that we can all work for a greater objective .
An elderly university professor had to give his students the last lesson of his professional life , because he was going to retire .
I just think that each of us in our life plays a role , and that doing parents is not an easy job , but they should try to do their best .
At that time he was heading the Public Relations Division and he was in charge of a team of 6 people .
Dickens 's style is full of sentimental realism : he describes reality with a sentimental tone and he mixes comedy and pathos .
Therefore , compulsory service at in the army gives special military knowledge , which helps the population to protect their country during a military conflict .
This sentence shows a girl who thinks she is not really bad , though she knows she could have done things better .
In my family we are five people , my mom Malak , my dad Claes , my little sister Novalie and my little brother Edvard .
Can I be sure that the hotel will not be booked up between Christmas and New Year 's Eve ?
because sometimes they start acting really weird and after 9:30 pm weird things happen to them , then both kids understand that his grandparents are hiding a really big secret .
A health is an important part in our life , so our priority in our city is an environment , and people consider keeping our environment and work together to preservation of the environment .
My name is Andreia , I am 27 years old . I am a very friendly person and I have experience in this area .
" Hello " I said , feeling like something was wrong , while the person on the other side kept talking .
There are some aspects and actions that everyone who lives in Brazil needs to follow , and those directly reflect the values of the Brazilian culture .
Following that , the next section will examine the entrepreneur 's motivations , which contains 2 major aspects : intrinsic personality traits and extrinsic factors .
Their relationship had been excellent since first time that they had met each other and two months later they decided to become lovers .
In fact , the more I know about its organization and its people , the more I feel at ease in Seville .
Another problem is like the junk food is really cheap , even cheaper that the healthy food , and people prefer to buy something cheaper and that 's a big problem .
Thus , the investment on research about the influence of nitrate supplementation should continue , the aim of which would be to improve sports performance and improved quality of life .
He tried to deny it to his friends because he knew the moment he told them the truth Celine 's life would change .
First of all , travelling by cars is more expensive than travelling by public transport ; cars should pay for gas , insurance , repairing , environmnet fees etc ; travelling by public transport is more ecological and cheaper .
She is also a good listener , she always know what to say in a bad moment and she is always there when a friend is in trouble .
Therefore I was very interested to read on your website that you have a new position as an Analytical Team Member .
Although his life was perfect , he began to feel sick and sad and he remembered his past life when he was a child .
I am very lucky because not far from my home there are three parks so I can practise this sport whenever I want .
Although other forms of transportation may be more comfortable , none has changed the way we do business and live our lives more than the car .
Although the size of an average supermarket in Switzerland will still remind you of a medium size village shop , there has been improvement there as well !
In contrast to my sister ( she has an extraordinary memory ) I forget everything easily and keep looking for new emotions and adventures .
So , from Piazza Rubiani take the second on the right which Via Priscilla and stop at number 27 .
Earlier , there have been many accidents with food flying all over the place , because people tripped a lot .
Thanks a lot for your letter ! I am pleased to hear that everything is well with you and that you are coming to Poland .
As for the server and database administrators , they should immediately resolve the issues regarding the backend part of the website .
This is a short story written by D. B. Caulfield , the big brother of Holden Caulfield who is the main character in The Catcher in the Rye from J. D. Salinger .
I believe there is plenty of room for improvement since , although the problems were not insuperable , they caused great inconvenience .
In cities like Mexico some people have the opportunity to use Uber , that is a service that you can use if you have a credit card , it is an amazing service , but not all the population have car or the economic status to use an uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the buss or cab driver yell them or drive bad , in Mexico the public transportation in specific the cabs are not a very secure service , because some of the drivers still and kindnap , in may situation they can kill you if you do not have your precautions . but despite of this is very sad that in that place people can not do some thing because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more so they have to took .
I worked on it very hard even though it was very complex , and my purpose was that it could get admitted by the inspector , and when I showed it to him he told me that it was good but I had to fix some details !
I 'm sorry I haven't written sooner , but a lot is going on in my life now .
In this category of processes , there is another participant known as the affected , because the action of the verb affects or concerns it .
To relax , I used to read , listen to music , go to the cinema , hang out with friends , go shopping , ride a bike or swim .
Any room in the hotel has a balcony which overlooks on the sea so every morning , when you wake up , you hear the sound of the waves breaking on the beach .
They are tending to work as much as men 's , so is hard to have time for building a family or even some times is hard too , thinking about getting married .
It 's really good that you 're coming to Uruguay , I would be pleased to help you .
Ten year before , local governing body of the city decide to plant more tree and it asked advice from the citizens of the city about the proposal .
In some countries like the United States , whose respect of personal territory is extremely important , the public and the intimate space can vary between 25 feet and the touching ( Edward T. Hall ) .
This is because technology has given us this opportunity , and as time goes by more and better modifications are made to car .
Secondly , studying in university , I have to live far from house which make me be homesick , sad , and worried I have to live in dormitory with many strange friends , they 're very noisy and I have to share my room with my roommates .
Vin 's family lived happily ever after because the enemy was eradicated and the rest were got jailed .
People can go wherever they want and whenever they want without thinking of buying a ticket or getting to a station on time to catch a bus or a train .
There are some people that spend too much of their time doing nothing useful although others may say that it helps to be more relaxed in their lives .
My wife and I got a nasty surprise when we were checking in at Vigo airport yesterday with our baby Pedro .
Without a doubt , this valuable experience let me know the importance of taking responsibility to my own learning .
According to Russell and Norwing robots are especial machines that have intelligence to executed activities on their own or by command ( as cited in Chijindu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
Nor should sexuality , skin color , and other identity markers - whether visible or invisible .
We can see nowadays , more and more people would prefer to use their own car instead of buses or taxis because they feel comfortable and mobile in it .
After that , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Each year we use more and more types of transport : buses , trams , subway , trains , airplanes , etc .
This magnificent building is situated in the city centre and it was built seventy years ago in an ancient palace .
Firstly public transport is useful for people that can not afford a car and their work is far away from where they live .
In the century of advancing communications and technology it is hard to imagine the world without medicine , astronomy , computers , and history .
However , as far as I 'm concerned , it 's not necessary to work out that much to be healthy .
In conclusion , I do n't have a favorite sport , I like to do a little of all and I do n't refuse nothing .
My city is Jaén it 's in the east of Andalucia and is an important cross ways between the south and center os Spain .
I was just one more student from our college , with plenty of free time and looking for something else to do .
Transportation is one of the most essential part of our day to day life ; whether it is puplic or private , transport takes the same priority in each one 's life from the very early days .
Moreover , from my point of view , children need to focus their attention in a constant activity , my sense of humour and creativity allow me to change activities quickly in order to maintain their attention .
It is only a matter of time before we reach a tipping point with respect to the limited natural resources that we have .
They also offered me some honey to add into my tea when I thought it was n't flavorful enough at first .
I love basketball , though I rarely play basketball because it is hard to find a stadium to play basketball in Thailand .
I ca n't stop studying English language , I'm a sort of ' englishaddicted , but I wish I were an English native speaker , I do n't know why .
While we might talk about our job a bit too much I do n't think it is uncomfortable to work side by side .
Continuous updating , as a way of self - presentation , is one of the features of blog writing by which blog - writers can share their emotional experiences and views with the audience .
It was a sunny day , a special day in my life.the day was 29 October in 2009,that day I had a university admission test at shajalaj university .
If I must do it , my favourite way of shop is the high street of my town , or in another town or country .
Just to make everything worse , on his way to the office , he slipped on the snow and fell on his back .
I 'd try to meet the poor king Louis the sixteenth and his wife , Marie Antoinette .
It is a well - known fact that sometimes they prefer watching TV on the sofa or playing computer games comfortably to doing physical activities .
I 've just read your advertisement for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , and I 'm really interested in it .
In 2012 I got the Cambridge first certificate in English and I 've been improving my French to pass the exam .
If any more shipments are returned using our old TNT account number , there is no option other than invoicing service center for not following instructions .
She asked him when the bus is going to depart but Michael replied that he was also not aware of the departure time .
If you 're looking for a really good day out , come to next year 's Charity Fun Day .
In conclusion , with technology and computer science developing , application of robotics widens from scientific research to a variety of fields now .
His panting turned into a magnificent grin as he looked out the window and saw a black helicopter heading in his direction .
There is much that i 'm proud of in my life but actually i do n't know what i 'm most proud of .
I am a native speaker of Spanish and I have passed the First Certificate exam of Cambridge , so my English level is quite good .
My favourite sport is football , the principal reason why I like it is because when I was younger , I played with my friends and we got together to play every day .
To begin with , there are two ways of cutting down on pollution . which leads to global warming , that became a real threat of our life day by day .
So all in all , there are many ways in which adults can influence the behaviour of younger people .
I like basketball because , besides the benefit that it brings to your health and physical - well being it is also a really good hobby .
In her country , education for girls was forbidden but she stood up against this situation , going to school and even being shot for that .
The first point , suggested by the lecturer , is that national fence can not stop cane toads from spreading .
The story of blade runner is about a police officer named dickard who is working as a killer for the most dangerous robots on earth which they called the replicants , and they are dangerous on human .
Somebody who listens to you talking about your dreams and wishes , your expectations and your efforts and sacrifices to get them , your plans for the future , and moreover pays special attention on times of crisis .
Try to motivate people for education , studying and school is a very hard thing if they all know all those Imaginations are not going to happen anyway , whereas people in Switzerland have to choose very early in which direction they want to go and what their possibilities look like .
Your car represents a kind of luxury & comfort which is clearly illustrated during driving or travelling for long distances as long as you have a comfortable seat with a certain personal zone area .
Moreover , you should change the arrangement of shops and divide the whole area to certain sections ( e.g. clothes , food , and house ) .
If the weather is n't good enough they can find a lot of cafes opened from morning until late night and here , if they are old enough they can also order alcholics .
Last week , my friends and I were selected from the class to go on a fascinating trip to a contemporary and magnificent museum .
At some time or another , each and every young person must provide themselves with the necessary skills . « What can I do for my life ? » .
I really overwhelm to be third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of which are my parents in 45 years of the same age and my little brother , Patrick-14 year old in a mischievous manner .
" Gravity " is indeed a great film and moreover , I myself recommend it to you , students .
This gives motivation to the public and they can earn by using right way to dispose their waste .
Sometimes the members of a group began to be so close to you that you love them the same as if they were part of your family .
At first , I joined Unga KRIS and started volunteering to have fun and meet new people .
But for the greatest part I was able to just listen to the music and sing along with the jovial guys leaning against the bar .
The robot will be able to do things like cooking , fetching , washing clothes and dishes and cleaning the house .
It was the capital of Ming dynasty and Qing dynasty.so it has many ancient architecture , like Ming Tombs , the Summer Palace , The Temple of Heaven , the Forbidden City .
Many people said that public transport is not confortable , that s true , from my point of view bus is not so unconfortable .
Because , when we decided to go for a shopping and have an idea what we want to buy and it appears that we ca n't find what we want , we are disappointed and frustrated .
I am writing in reply to your advertisement in the European Observer of April 7th for a post at USA Summer Camp .
As a consequence , they become slim and they do n't ingest enough proteins and vitamins to have a healthy life
Outside was getting very cold and the sky was dark , so we could n't see anything but nevertheless we continue walking through the trees when suddenly we saw a very big shadow in front of us .
In fact , it is quite useful if you are actually interested in improving your skills , when it comes to listening and speaking .
At that moment I thought that an accident or a similar something had happened to my family but fortunately it was n't so .
" Your granddaughter must be born , with a curse that cause a scorn . Imperceptible she must become until she finds a love .
Social networking sites also benefit those who have " unusual " hobbies or those who have a hard time finding people with similar interests .
When I was 15 years old , I started looking after our neighbour 's children , aged seven and nine .
She could have got married with a talented man if she had n't believed in what Michael had said to her .
So in summary to save the environment , to make the road accessible to everyone public transport should have been used and we all should try to educate people about the importance of public transport .
When you are tired of shopping take the bus to the West Side of Copenhagen where there is a vast choice of restaurants , everything from Italian to Chinese to Danish cuisine .
In this context it can be concluded that 78% of the respondents are satisfied with both the customer services of builders and results of Vasthu .
It was one of those indigo nights , almost as if the Northern Lights were shining together with her happiness .
I 'm glad to hear that you 've decided to take part in an organisation of this month 's concert .
What 's more , Seville is bright , colourful and lively which cheers me up and relaxes me .
It 's very common to hear people talking about friendship , but are we sure about the real meaning of it ?
At that time , I did n't have many friends , she helped me to overcome my problems and trust myself .
Although I do n't have a teacher available there , the program helps a lot because the corrections appear at the same time you check it .
It 's true that sometimes paparazzi cross the line and invade their private properties which I find awful .
Although I was disappointed that I could not have the same scruff but this is the fun part that shop in small stores , you can always find something unique .
As to the students , we will have to consider the knowledge and skills they have acquired , their attitudes and their social behaviour .
When I tried kitesurfing by myself for the first time , I was a little bit scared . "
My name is Amy . I am a full - time housewife and looking for part - time work at weekends near my home .
They carried out a series of daring robberies against corrupt business leaders during their performances , sharing out the stolen money with their audiences .
I would also recommend you to know the city of Rio de Janeiro , there you will find beautiful beaches , wonderful weather and the wonders of nature in a modern and international city .
Unfortunately , Walter can not find the shot , so he has to look for the traveller which is not easy .
If you want to become an artist or politician , you must be ready for journalists following you all the time .
It is essential for all forms of life by which water participates in numerous biochemical reactions such as distribution of nutrients , removal of metabolic waste , and body temperature regulation .
The homeless man had another dream where there was a pest around the forest that was contaminating all types of food .
Secondly , although the friendship and love are the most important feelings , the family structures the person and influences their behavior .
I am writing to apply for the position of PR manager at your company , as advertised on the website www.yarkiyshop.ru.My task consists in helping your company to reinforce the brand as leader of industry and to promote it through advertising .
She does not like to dress like a lady even when aunt Alexandra tries to make a lady out of her , Scout refuses to dress or speak like one .
As I see it , personal identity is the result of the interaction of our genetic structure and the environment which surrounds us .
The only negative comment I could make is that you do not have the possibility to let your imagination in the same way that when you read the book .
Furthermore , most of junk food just solves hunger in a short time and then it will quickly return to the customers after they have felt full .
Not only I use it for leisure , but I also use it for work . I would have to change the way I do things on a daily basis .
As I told you before , last month I was helping at a concert of the greatest band in the world - Atmasfera .
My dad 's name Björn and he likes Tang So Do and to swim , he is 52 years old .
In the course of the research , students will think how to develop process of the research and know which segment will cause the problem making the research fail .
So , let 's say , you have $ 100,000 now , you would have $ 10,000,000 fifty years from now .
And what 's more , castle is situated in the centre of the town with an easy walking distance to shops and park .
As I said before , the main objective is finding a job there , gaining some experience and improving our English level .
This organization taught us how to deal with children , and how to make their lives happier and more joyful .
In addition , it provides an opportunity for people from different backgrounds to peep into the culture and traditions of British people .
I would like to save some money , and at the end of my UK experience , spend my time travelling around your country .
To bring back from this exchange technical knowledge in programming , as well as new methods of teaching , would be outstanding .
After a live show , he made a little girl crying by shouting at her and then kicked her in the back .
It was a new thing for her knowing that someone had the guts to sit next to her because almost all the people on that school define her as a weirdoe .
Back then it was pretty obvious that regardless his young age of seventeen , he would quit school and start earning money .
My second and third night they were very strange because in the cameras the animatronics move as if it wanted to get to my room and do something to me .
Most of the islands are available to snorkel , so if you are going to snorkel , you will have the chance to see many different types of marine organisms like corals , fish and shells .
In this way , customers can have the chance to have a conversation , without being annoyed by television or music .
However , I would advise people who would like to start dancing to really take it serious , because even though I said it is fun , it really does require commitment and discipline .
Unlock the door toward a new life and kick off your journey toward a whole new group of characters .
He hears different kind of songs , advertisements for sales and this confused person starts buying things which are not useful to him in reality .
ABOUT THE WEATHER I CAN SAY THAT NOW IS STILL HOT , BUT NEXT MONTH WILL BE COLDER , SO I SUGGEST THAT YOU SHOULD PUT SOME SWEATERS IN YOUR LUGGAGE , AND ALSO SOME HIGH HILLS BECAUSE WE'LL GO TO THE DISCO !
After consulting some children 's representatives , we organized Olympic games for the children attending the schools of the area .
I can go all over the USA without any problems and I can help the staff to get around if needed since I have the driving license .
This reference is for Tom Black who is applying for the position of social activities officer at your English Language College .
Besides , a car gives you more freedom and flexibility to make your own schedule while public transport limits you to a timetable that not always meet your needs .
She refers to the Moon as ' the governess of floods'(2:1:103 ) and refers to the seasons quite a lot .
I saw your advertisement for language courses in London and I am writing to find out more about the courses you offer .
Imagine looking at Shakespeare in his English class , Einstein in his first science class and Picasso picking up his paintbrush for the very first time .
Most people think that in 50 years ' time , we will have used up all the Earth 's natural resources .
So , at most , I would put on a fourteen inches one on the top of one of the bookcases .
Unfortunately , I do n't have much experience of working in kitchens , but I think I 'm hardworking enough to pull it out .
Actually , they like the idea of visiting an unknown land , where everything is different , from the weather to the habits .
Otherwise , you may run the risk that people seeing abortion as an easy way to get rid of an unwanted pregnancy .
The slaves , who constructed pyramids , were fed with garlic , because the Egyptians believed that garlic would make the workers stronger , so they could work harder .
Overall , the majority of the tourists prefer to buy typical products from the region and besides it is very enjoyable to taste a meal in San Juan Square while people walk around to see the main clothes shops situated in the main street before to go to the heritage town .
We already passed your comments about the format on to our chief lawyer and hope he can approve the necessary adjustments .
I 'm available whenever you are so it 's an affable idea to meet up and hang out .
In addition , several car parks have space for 2000 automobiles and are conveniently located on the centre with easy access and cheap rates .
The inspector finally accepted their work and told them that now they had to be patient because they will going to reproduce many of them .
It is not an easy task to explain the importance of this exam for me , since I do not have any specific objective in mind that requires a Cambridge certification .
Finally , I am the right person for the job and I will do my best if I could have to chance to work for summer camp 2014 .
But , fortunately , people living in this area all use these bikes carefully , so we do n't care so much that thing .
To sum up , it seems that computers are a useful addition to our fast - moving world of high technology .
If more lessons like this are provided and more homeless people get the skills , the problem of homelessness will become less serious .
The professor , however , disagrees with points made in the article and explains that this system has its own disadvantages .
There is no necessity to describe all sightseeing in Moscow , you easily can find it in the Internet , I just want to say that I 'm sure , you 'll like it a lot .
They are always going to tell me the truth although this truth could hurt me , because they always want me to be happy .
How can they solve their problems if there is a lack of student - teacher interaction ?
Believable costumes and location , unforgettable soundtrack and outstanding performances celebrate a gripping and moving story that will charm you .
That situation must have been terrible for the population but fortunately , there is always a possible solution .
There are many channels on TV , not only entertainment but also technology , health , environment , weather forecast and news channel , etc .
He decided to get his computer and check his calendar , but it was in his office , which was 8 minutes away by car .
I like to watch South Park it 's really funny and I have almost seen every 17 seasons I also like to watch youtube videos every day .
However , the Spanish government does not agree with the USA 's conclusions and they request North Americans to solve this disagreement with an international arbitrage .
I would recommend the government to increase salaries for Spanish , Italian or French teachers to persuade them to teach at schools instead of giving private lessons .
After school my friends and I go to a park to play soccer , we play for two hours .
But what really makes it magical is the makeup and the costume design , they really managed to create something amazing with the appearance of characters .
He is a team player and has been appreciated not only by his team but also by all the people he has dealt with .
Curiously , you never know where will you find a friend and every stage of your life brings you the opportunity to take advantage of new people who maybe attends to the same sport lessons than you or simply work in the same company .
There will be 2 teams and each team consists of 6 players and the players assume the border line as their own border .
She knew herself that Michael is just playing with her and she said to herself that she will never fall into his trap .
Imagine my feelings when I learned from him that I ca n't receive the same model of food processor as I bought .
First of all , to a certain degree , I comply with the idea of controlling the maximum number of properties one holds in his grasp , because this denies the possibility of exhausting the spaces that can hold another family .
When you are sitting on the plane next to your instructor , with your legs hunging and your arms crossed … It makes an indescribable impression on you .
Being founded in 1920 by our well - known alimni , John Carter , the English Language Club is the oldest club in our college .
Before I continue , please remember to write back with an exact date of your arrival so I can arrange some things with your trips .
Regarding the students preferences , they all love the outdoors , like parks and rivers and they also love a good museum because of their thirst for knowledge .
I come from Sestri Levante , a small town near Genoa , on the north of Italy .
Exist a lot of benefits of the public transport , at the start , you do nt have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book o wathever you want without have to pay attention to the traffic , is true too that travel by this way of transport help the goverment because you have to pay it , and the majority of them are cheap enought to everyone .
Develop a better feedback system so users can express their concerns and questions in a more detailed way .
On the contrary , I felt pretty amused when he started dancing , prancing and singing an unknown song .
Finally , we hope a healthy future for our new generations . We want to reach our destination on time and live in safe life without diseases and pollution .
Then , sharing the costs could be the solution for lots of students beyond all the problems that could arise from the communal living .
The government ought to plan campaigns to make people aware of that and try to find ways to reduce transport fares .
She went into the " reading room " where there were thousands of books and she hid between two huge bookcases .
It 's a love story between Turkey 's most famous and cruel ruler of all times and his main wife .
But while living in a big city , where there are lots of bus stops , tram stops or metro stations is quite incomprehensible that people want to drive their own car and be stuck at a block while rush hours .
In my opinion public transportation is most convenient way to travelling . The air pollution is a one reason that I prefer public transportation .
It 's literally 10 - 15 hours on Fridays nights and Saturdays , stuff like carrying instruments ( which means hanging out with musicians ) , tyding after ( finding things , like wallets and cellphones ) and generally speaking - helping .
Later , people were educated regarding recyclable , non - recyclable and organic waste and were also informed that the rubbish was to be disposed - off in respective bins .
Dissatisfaction with the school equipment is occasionally expressed by the students .
And the other questions : Which areas of my writing would I like to improve and did the free writing presentations helped me with my writing process ?
I can easily give it a five star rate because all of the events that happen seem real in the movie , and they are events that can happen in real life .
The beauty of this sport is that as long as you got a ball you can spend hours dribbling or shooting on your own .
Second , open discussion in the class help you to develop certain skills in order to become an independent thinker and speaker .
However , I must agree that travelling by car can give you more freedomn , you can carry your shopping and pick up other people on the way .
In this way everyone is the perfect copy of someone else and the originality or a creative mind is considered as something bad .
Children can indeed teach you a lot , being able to express their feelings with the spontaneity that adults often lack .
Television currently occupies a very important role in entertainment , however , one of the problems that society has faced since television became popular is that it is a distractor in education .
Some years ago when the weather was colder here people had eaten more meat with wine .In fact growing vegetables was not possible because of the weather .
I 'm pleasantly surprised by you visiting this part of the country , but let 's have fun together !
I asked them the question:'If you liked a piece of clothing but your friends did n't , would you then have bought it ? '
Perfect product , good manager , and great marketing are the three key elements to success in business .
As for me , I am keen on basketball as it is my personal way to unwind and work out .
In the public garden there are two ponds ( really nice place to sit and admire landscape ) , an antique wooden church , a swimming pool .
While comparing the drawbacks of public transport with modernized vehicles , public transport may not seems to be a better choice .
Lucila Marcelo and I have met at secondary school and we have been friends for seven years .
I would suggest the River Boat Disco because not only does it offer a buffet , but also the people are more likely to converse with each other while listening to music than to a comedian .
While most people stayed at home next to the fireplace , I was on the point of changing my life .
I think everyone will enjoy this book because it shows a typical way of behaving in the 20th century , their daily - routines and the things they do to have fun .
In my opinion , although there are some advantages if teachers were responsible for this task , I believe that the government is more suitable to lead this mission .
Since Television was launched to the market it has acquired other purposes besides entertaining , such as communicating and advertising , that is way the possibility of it having educational purposes has been widely discussed .
In this programme , the trainee carries out different tasks supervised by a company tutor and also advised by a university tutor .
When she looked at him from under her long eyelashes he turned away and stared at the landscape outside .
Owing to the increase of population , human beings use more land to build houses , which leads to the decline of forest rates .
It 's true that there are lots of repeats on TV and there may be many programmes you regard as poor quality .
But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? , that 's because of the people that changing their mind , they start like having their own way to travel , Privacy also an important reason , people need to have a private means of transportation .
I want to begin with one thing : I do n't have a favorite sport or something on that , but I really like to do exercises for my body .
After couple of hours of trying to get used to my new skates , I put the cups on .
An educational or public relations campaign must be launched to sensitize those who might have disregarded this possibility before .
I have previous experience working with " ADRENALINE SUMMER CAMPS " coaching children how to play football for a football championship within the summer camps also organized other activities such climbing , running , competitions , expedition and other movement .
I think that people should be more responsible and respect the work of others so that society evolves in a healthy way and without conflicts .
Also you can work such an athletic and you can obtain a big amount of money but it 's also so difficult to get there and you have to be the best of them to earn a good amount of money .
I strongly believe I would be the right person for the post as I consider myself as polite , well - mannered , enthusiastic and good at dealing with customers .
He calmly stood up , looked at his watch , then closed his eyes and realized that there was nothing else to do .
To clarify what the situation is , it is truth that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites but the fact is writing or reading in a blog could give to people a practical way to communicate and share preferencies , beliefs or thoughts , however , more or less reliable .
Because many people have died for this , and it 's really hard to stop this addiction even if the person wants to stop it .
In addition , there are other conditions and facts that has helped to change the people 's lives such as political decisions , global wars and global economical problems , etc .
Well , there are a lot of different opinions but I 'm not agree that the effects of scientific progress may be dangerous for the individual .
That night , the dog , the kittie , Tom and Michel slept in the same room , and that was n't too bad .
Watching TV can be funny and nice but watching it in excess can be bad and not healthy for your life .
Furthermore , ballet is expensive . Supposing that this type of dance is n't a tradition in your country , prepare to open your wallet .
Furthermore , the picturesque old town of Leonberg has a number of lovely small corner shops where you can by local food and handmade products .
We want to know and understand what is happening nowadays and , for this reason , it is important to know what happened before .
She called Jimmy and told him where she was going , but Jimmy did n't answer since he was at work , so she left a voice message .
The text discusses about some kinds of Asian Bamboo that have a unique form of flowering and seeding cycle , these cycles just happen at long intervals and all the members of the species tend to flower and then seed at the same time .
The homeless man noticed it too , although he did n't care because he will always obtain free food .
Finally , tell me if you want to go to a particular place or do some activity that you have in mind .
Having used cars to fulfill our transportation needs within the city limits it is a very good option for many of us , however the necessity of travelling overseas or even outside of our suburban areas might require a different sort of transportation , therefore is where the public transportation should focus on since the long trips taking more than a simple commute in the city would require it .
They live in New York City and have a lot of comical and romantic adventures , all of them related to their friendship .
Kunta was captured because he was trying to rescue his friend who was lost in the forest .
I spent a really good time with my boyfriend , this place is outside the city centre of Granada , in Spain .
The CLP could be further adopted as a vehicle to identify the learning needs of students and to build capacity of teachers .
I see forward to friday when I am going to cinema with my friends , we 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .
Without the routine that studying gives you , with all the dealines , the exams , and other stuff that forces you to get things done , and , by consequence , teaches you to be a responsible person , which you would need to be when you get a job , you will simple be wasting one year of your life by taking a break .
I do n't think that there is no future for public transport and I agree that travelling by car is much more convenient .
For other hand , People make other inventions for improving the world and reduce pollution , for example , In this time we have created electric cars or organic food , these things are very useful in future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
The first , placed in a corner of the stand , was made by a pile of plastic bottles and plastic baskets .
In the second part , with the internet we can follow the news and current affairs very quickly and we do not have to wait for the news on the television , and we do not have to buy newspapers .
As the day goes on , I would also go swimming in the deep blue sea , go snorkeling or just lie on the beach .
In the future , we must do an effort to improve our environment because we will want to give the same world or if it is possible a better world than before to our sons .
27-dresses is a romantic comic and funny film , it is recommended for all ages .
Secondly , the co - worker relationship and the atmosphere in the workplace are extremely important when choosing a job .
I believe I have the skills , knowledge and expertise you are looking for . I have worked before for my local community for 6 years while I was looking for my children too .
Cookery classes are very important because students here are young adults that need to have basic skills such as cooking or order to manage themselves and live an independent life .
I really like Spain , we have been there like six times and the reason is that my dad has a project there and sometimes he has to go there for a week or less and we have the luck to be able to join him .
Despite being a common and easy to do activity , running needs some care to prevent injuries and other disturbances as well .
The first question we discussed was : ' Does it exist just to make money for clothing designers and manufactures ? '
I 'm very pleased with your letter . I 'm going to try to give you some advice .
Different thoughts came up , but my personal opinion is that it could be a wonderful thing .
Next week a cousin that he did not know , he was a very reach man and when he knew about their problem he decided to help so he gave them an incentive .
I think that when you want to get famous because of something that you do ( for example : writing musical ) you have to accept what comes with it .
This is because they drag nets along the seabed and catch all the animals that are swimming in it .
Since graduating from University of Eduaction majoring business English , I have been working for a food joint stock company on a contract basis .
However , overall I think that this new restaurant has the potential of becoming very popular in a short time due to the food and the great atmosphere .
Therefore , when it comes to speed and being able to go places , planes are definitely the best type of transportation available .
So yes , I recommend you to carry on with your music classes but if you prefer to do sports I will support you also .
It is really good , it is better than the previous novel FSOGrey , i really mean it , It is not porn , BE GROWN UP PLEASE , when you do nt want to read the " sex parts " just turn over the next every single page till it ends , that s all , i hve done like that to finish that novel , This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a sucessful business man , chairmen man with stricly unhappy childhood , and only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " which related to the his recently behaviour - BDSM and the girl was seemed very bored of rountine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life , Apparently , THEY were so diffirent from each other but somehow , some magic connecting them to be a very lovely couple .
Although not many young people like spending their free time watching TV , I believe that some patterns of preference can still be recognized .
For example , I have successfully completed « Offshore Drilling » course of « Total » Professors Association and I mean to broaden my outlook in the future .
It really feels like you are i a five star Hotel in a luxury suite and not travelling 10000 meters above the ground .
After the Doctor 's warning , they may not turn our back , look away , and blink as we are protagonists of the episode .
I would also like to get this job because I love the USA and I often do Babysitting so the company of children not afraid me .
Hence , contrary to many people perceive , there should be an increasing demand , i.e. a rosy future , for public transport .
Frome my point of view , having free time is perfect because we can do more things that we are fond of and our quality of life would icrease
I am sending you useful information about places of interest in Katowice , which you can show to your group .
It is a fact that those who spend a year abroad working on something , they can save money for university and they become more independent .
Secondly , building more houses not so much because of living by people , but more because of the economy , which is used for building speculation and the price of the house is too expensive to buy for public person .
Many people believe that nowdays there is no future in public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient , but others continue with the tought that they do help for example for travelling for long distance .
On school days , I get up at 5 a.m. and go jogging in my neighbourhood in 15 minutes .
I absolutely agree with this statement . Travelling by car is not only much more convenient than public transport , it also grants one 's independence to go wherever and whenever one might wish .
On the rest of the boring week , I was watching TV and suddenly my cousin found some pieces of the puzzle inside the cabinet , so I decided to solve my Paris puzzles with my sister , which was less than a half solved for about one year but it had too much color in the sky so I did n't finished then a year ago .
For sure I will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives to students the opportunity of not just learn something in the classroom , more than that , is the opportunity that they use their knowledge in the pedagogical and social life .
It creates the sense that the fairies thought that the animals were dangerous and the way they describe them engages the reader .
I 'll finish saying that even when I was young if my father had asked me if I would have rather go to a swimming race or to a candy fair , I would have surely chosen the first one .
Nevertheless , it 's something dispensable for me and , for this reason , I think I could get by without having one .
Hence , the value of UNDERSTANDING the students even beyond what the meaning of such word can express has been dramatically instilled in me .
Athletic performance is definitely enhanced by having a fine physique and natural skills .
Not to mention that when I am trying to talk to them they always space out and then say that they have their own problems .
In addition , scientists and engineers are working hard to invent and improve the vehicles , so they become less harmful to the environment .
I am a native Spanish speaker who has a very good level of English and also I have spent 5 years living in the United Kingdom .
Taking a year off after finishing school can be harmful depending on what you 're planning to do in that year .
Winter is one of my favorites because it is so beautiful to see everything covered with a white sheet of snow .
So if you want to work in Egypt you must have a complete information about the job ( location , salary , incentives , Allowances , work environment , position titles , company type , policy , mission , vision )
Eventually , the huge challenge I have had has turned into my inspiration to do better in my job .
Some information about what people do with their rubbish and how they try to keep the area clean , is described in the following lines .
Right after from taking off the plane , she traveled to his dorm to meet him with a view of satisfying her long waiting for him .
Also , this Memorandum specifies the origin of the conflict , which resides in the letter written by Lowe and the blow - up of the steamer Maine , the latter being remarked concerning the USA rejected the Spanish proposition to carry out the arbitrage together .
I could n't wait to listen to my favorite song until they played it , it was the best experience ever , I wish you could be there to see that .
The teacher ask the students to comment on the results and the activity , and discuss the opportunity to repeat the activity .
I 've played tennis for 5 years now and I can assure you it 's one of the best sports any person can do !
After I joined ACU ( Australian Catholic University ) I have found vast differences in teaching method between Nepal and Australia .
I know that I am a suitable person for this job , and I can say that nobody is better than me for this incredible job , because I have been travelled for all the world and in this experience , I have seen in the necesity on work to fiance my journey , so the I have dedicated to work on summer camps , and I have a lot of experience in this .
In Cluj , in each year , during the summer , the local authorities give citizens the opportunity to rent bicycles , thing that can reduce the air pollution produced by car fumes .
First of all , I have considerable experience in working with teenagers ( for more than 5 years ) which I find really enjoyable .
In my opinion , Volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings.my advice for who starts this sport you will get fresh after you play this game and makes you doing your work in relaxetion way .
Every year at the sport - vaccination me , my mom and my sister are going to Switzerland to go skiing in the alps , it 's wonderful and really fun .
First of all , as we said before the people 's lives have changed due two important elements which are the technological improvements and society changes .
The wind blowing in your hair , the speed and that you have control of what is happening .
The tourism service in Bali and Lombok is better than other islands mentioned above but other islands are more challenging and natural .
On the one hand , I think it is important tolook good , but sometimes the latest fashion is not the best choiceto feel happy and comfortable .
Due to the enormous economic crisis that have shaken Europe and that have intoxicated the real - estate market , most of the prices are eye - watering expensive for college students that want to study abroad or simply emancipate .
I did not find it hard at all , as a matter of fact , it was easier than I thought .
The film descrives how the love that a mother can give to her children can easlily turn into an obsession.however,what makes this film so special is that that pretends to be a typical horror movie but at its final scene there is a suddenly change wich turn it more interesting .
In today 's intercultural world , one of the best assests people and nations can have is tolerance and a deep appreciation of cultural values different from their own .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
As a matter of fact students are often seen as empty pitchers ready to be filled by as many information as they can contain .
Secondly , in his letter the professor suggests that schools should spend more money on computer equipment .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , because the door could n't be opened again .
I 'm going to travel all the way to the capital of my country , approximately three hundred and fifty kilometres .
Minority groups received more attention to protect their rights and investments in education , health and well being increased .
For that reason , this job is perfectly suitable for me and , besides , it showed up as a good opportunity for me to improve my incoming helping me paying my bills .
My favourites dishes are the " Nachos " and " Catarapi " , the second is a dish of spicy pasta , it is spectacular .
But from life 's experiences we can learn that the hidden target of human is not to help each other to lessen the burden of life .
On the one hand , I like to have things typical in each country , apart from they are delicious , because when you 've got the opportunity to travel , you can go and experience with the food too .
My perfect hotel would be near to the beach , in the Mediterranean coast , because in this area there are many tourists .
In the same area , people often have the chance to attend free concerts of Italian singers and some foreign artists .
2 . We flinch from consideration of Good Friday because we do not like thinking of a sad situation .
They could cook for us , drive our cars , wash our dishes , take care of our children and so on .
I am writing in response to your advertisement , which appears in this month 's edition of EnglishAcademy magazine .
These people believe that ver the next few years we will see a severe decline in the amount of people using bus , trains , trams , etc . to get places .
Moreover , when you sit in front of the TV in your own house , you wo n't get irritated by strangers , which may happen in the cinema .
Cádiz is a beautiful city and you would enjoy a lot of if worked here .
I am in my final year of high school which I will leave with a university entrance qualification in July of this year .
It 's very cheap as well : except for your jumpsuit and a pair of comfortable trainers , it does n't require any extra cost for technical or sophisticated equipment .
But my new friends from this group were very polite and we worked together , so it was much easier , than I thought at first .
After the first few words , you will like the experience and will be hard for you to stop .
In conclusion travelling by car is the easiest and best way . I think that it is not possible to use public transport because there are no buses or trains .
Well on this particular morning , Michael seem to be getting along quite well , he appeared to be energetic and very vibrant that particular morning .
I was the boy behind the curtain , I dealt with the sound of the concert due to my experience in professional music equipment .
I think it is probable that in some years the tecnology could have improve quite a lote , and this is a very powerful advantage for us , the young people .
The increase in the fuel cost for example , will have surely a negative impact on the use of private vehicles .
I have many tips to share with you , I 'll be glad to do it in person when you arrive .
During this period , the town has seen extensive growth in residential areas and local amenities , and a modernisation of leisure faclilities .
I also imagine aristocrats fleeing Paris at their earliest convenience , leaving all their expensive dresses and impressive houses unattended .
my favourite sport is swimming , it makes me feeling comfortable and left me in a good mood , i go to swim twice a week , and my advice to anyone want to start to enjoy every moment of it
My favorite movie is maybe " TED " or " Grown ups " because they are really fun movies with some sad moments .
Once he finds one he pulls up the car and goes as fast as he can to get some money .
Men should wear a suit and a tie , and women should wear an appropriate blouse and skirt or pants .
I think it will be a wonderful way to finish our English course where we have surely improved in writing , speaking and listening .
Despite the fact that using cars being expensive , many people still prefer to use their own vehicles because it saves their valuable time .
In addition , companies are used to conducting different surveys to find out which colour is more popular in various social classes .
You have money but you do not feel safe , you have friends but you can never be sure if they like you or your money .
Children who have to work and can not go to school , wo n't get a better life and their dreams never will come true .
During the reign of Queen Elizabeth I and King James I , play watching was an entertainment for the locals to relax .
Which meant they were in the same place , and that was the reason why they would always watch the sea ...
We are an underdeveloped country , like other countries says a " third world country " , but I 'm happy about that .
She opened again and again read : " Meet me at 11 at the fountain in the park " .
I had never played a raquet 's sport before , so I was very excited to hit the small black ball with my racket .
The place was a bit gloomy and cold but I had no choice ; I was too tired to move on .
First of all , of course , travelling by car is much more convenient than , for example , by bus .
To sum up , the fundamental characteristic of social media is the design of " Virtual profile " , it requires time to maintain connection between links , friends and be part of groups , this connections will produce negatives effects especially on psychological well - being .
Training in the same sports team , the students can not only release them from whole day 's pressure , but also can build up good relationships with others through the communication and exercise .
Then we heard a big noise coming from inside the temple it was Soneka his appearance was glorious a big warrior using a golden armor and a big sword his skills were unmatched , he was faster than the sound our only chance was to run to the vault of the cartographer but only one can pass through the door of the cartographer Michael decide to stay out the vault I run into the cartographer and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
There are thousands of students travel with public transport to school everyday because they can not drive and their parents do not have time to drive them .
They had a lot of things in common , they liked the same kind of music , the same kind of food and they both liked to read about fantasies and comics .
I 've seen a couple of advertisements on English courses in our town , but they do n't seem very useful .
It would be my pleasure to visit the States again and take part in activities I enjoyed doing as a teenager .
It is a girl called Jasmine Thompson and she sing cover songs and I think she is a really good singer .
In conclusion , The governments should work on that because the people need the public transport and the world for the environment , life expanses it is much cheaper than having a car .
I would strongly recommend this training course on time management , considering is useful not just to gain some theory aspects for those who want to be more organised , but also if you want to really manage in a daily situation .
Therefore , the new technologies and the transformation in the cities are very beneficial for the younger part of the population who is capable of understanding how to manage the modern instruments and use all kinds of transportation .
First of all , my mother , my children , my partner and I took the train in Zaragoza to go to Barcelona .
On the other hand if I would be travelling to see my friends or family in nearby town or just on holiday tour , I would prefer my car .
In order to prevent this , it is important to apply strict guidelines regarding situation where abortion is given as an option .
Flamengo was champion on 2009.In 2009 Flamengo has a great team with good players , but now it fight to finish the competition among the first 4 teams of championship .
I saw the advertisement last week on the newspaper and I think that I 'm the right person for the job .
Finally , the woman tells him that she would understand that he does n't want to restart the relationship , but she makes a promise :
I think sport is a good exercise for need to exercise people , I have a suggestion that want to have good health , choose a interest sport and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it 's will be fun and health your physical constitution .
The story takes place in a country called Panem which is located in what was once known as North America .
For last ten years Michael had been working in a well - known company in London as an accountant .
In public transport people bound to share transport means with strangers and also we have to persue company policy or regulations , but with their own transport we do n't have to bother about these things we travel when we want and when we have time .
When he opened the door a cold wind whipped him hard but he did n't care about it and kept going .
Now days , people can choose the most convenient way of travelling and there is no doubt that using a private car is easy , cheap and fun .
In order to prevent the younger generation of our society of consuming it , we should give them the possibility to attend cooking classes .
Of course , for these facilities you have to pay a lot of money and that could be a problem for some people .
One of the most common examples is Beethoven , known for composing high - quality piano pieces as a young child .
To tell you the truth about the concert , I did n't think that it would be cool but it was !
I think English is in fact very important because first of all although not being the most spoken language in the world , it is the official language in a large number of countries .
Although I advocate new remedies for cancer , I think that there is another problem in the world that society should focus on .
Well , to travel there in Brazil , you have to choose some places to go , because here we have a lot of beautiful places to visit and have fun .
While he is already working and sharing a house with is wife and his daughter , I need mom and dad to live .
He was in a deep forest and a young woman he had just met was about to give birth to her child .
Moreover , studying in a university provides an opportunity to interact with a wide range of people and thus build unique communication skills that are very important for employees .
Due to the various new traits resulting from the GM technology , such as drought tolerance and salinity tolerance , GM food can ensure the food production in the period of drought .
It 's a great party and we can have real fun watching a football game even if it 's by television .
Organising clubs and courses such as the ones mentioned above would ensure the improvement of the situation .
The bulk of the population from New York was homeless because there has just been a horrible war between New York City and California , however , increasingly refined body technologies allowed New York to win the war .
As is well known , about 70 per cent surface of earth is covered by ocean water , so every region surrounded by ocean like Australia makes the most of ocean water resource to release the pressure of fresh water need .
When you have finished your studies and you have gotten a job where every day you do the same activities , the brain does n't work hard and you might have some problems like forget words , dates , information that you had learned a few years ago because your memory wo n't work in the same way .
He jumped off his chair , walked down the corridor and stopped in front of the HR Manager 's office .
Despite private car is more convenient to its owner then public transport , it is not in use the majority of time and that means wasting city space for parking while it could be used as a public space .
If somebody says that there is no future for public transport i mind immediately . today there are too many vehicles in our streets .
Doing sports is a good way to forget about real life , you focus on the competition and is like to have a rest from the cotidian life .
Many people say that there is no future for public transport as cars are now so much cheaper and easier to buy .
When there are students with varied levels in English , it may be challenging for teachers to prepare for or deliver the course .
For me , the best way to travel is train , because I think this mode of transportation has the most pros .
Also , I was good at mathematics subjects that related to solid geometry , that is why I decided to study mechanical engineering .
Actually , last year was its 50th anniversary and to celebrate it a special episode in 3D was broadcast .
He found the computer and checked his calendar which said : Flight to New York , leaves at 6 pm , on Monday the 19th .
On the other hand , huge technological improvements in car features like self - driving , electrical engines , solar power and others , have created a new perspective of conceiving the way we interact with cars .
Sharing different water resources with neighbouring countries can be another strategy which can help to alleviate the problem of water scarcity .
One child whose parents come from different countries is able to learn two languages at the same time , this child does n't need to go abroad to learn a foreign language , but they are listening to their parents speaking English their native language all the time and this let them learn without any difficulty .
The primary concern regarding this new communication behavior is whether it made face - to - face interaction and communication between people nonexistent .
An inner electronic system would compose the whole house ; it would include small devices of wave reception connected , in every side of house , to a gum headband whose function would be to identify the neuronal stimuli and to convert them on radiowaves .
Some only stared , some screamed , and the others laughed at me , the people who were screaming , and who were staring .
In order to explain the nature of the Gothic architecture and its major aspects , the author efficiently employs the musical analogies .
After that lapse the rescuers found the place where the miners were hiding and the moment for rescue them started .
Also looking at a screen is tiring for your eyes and if your eyes get too tired they can get damaged forever .
But Peter did not regret having walked in the pouring rain , because he had been with his sister on her special day .
I started cooking when I was fourteen years old , but I 'm better at baking , so I could help preparing some sweets for children .
I guess we 'll just have to play this one cool , because I ca n't lose Susan .
As a matter of fact Venice could be a very good candidate for hosting the marathon competition , which will last one day
Oh my God , I look absolutely gorgeous in this dress ! , " she shouted . "
I mean by this that for sure there are some days in which these famous people are in a bit of a mood , they have to visit the doctor , or they have to solve mishaps with lawyers , and they have stuck those journalist following till the door or awaiting them stationed in front of their houses .
What I can tell from this text is that the research is an innovative idea , but needs more attention to improve their success .
So the details and information they teach you will be more useful in your future career than the random information about the subjects at school .
Those places will help them to take a close look about the root of our nation and learn how to appreciate our culture , custom and tradition .
This is due to the fact that it will teach a lot about the French daily life and about what inspires people to improve and cause good .
I assume that the tourist agency can think of better solutions than me , but I hope that my recommendations will be taken seriously .
It also gives us clues that there may be life on other planets and we might not be the most superior beings in the world .
Disney is the dream of a lot of people in the world , many of them have said that it is a magic and awesome experience .
That 's because pollution has now reached critical levels and that 's why we must take it under control and solve it .
The line graph illustrates the amount and type of fast food eaten by teenagers in Australia between 1795 and 2000 .
Besides , since his work is secret , he ca n't let anybody , including family and friends , know about it .
So , if you want to have a memorable holiday , the capital of Russia is the most attractive place .
But only until yesterday ! My professor told us that our final exam in this course would be on July 5th .
The hotel would have many services and facilities like a good reception , spa , wifi conection and pay TV in the rooms , a great chef who did the dishes of the mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar in the beach and a boat for trips around the mediterranean sea .
We did n't have much time to go there because it was far from our hotel so I had to go only with my father while the rest of my family was somewhere else .
I 'm looking for à language centre which prepare students to take a Cambridge exams especially the F.C.E. On reading the newspaper , I 've heard about your classes and your method seems efficient .
Also , People will need to improve medicine to cure diseases and for this , People need to create more inventions to resolve these problems .
A lot of my close friends that I went in stocksund skolan and that I played hockey with went to Samskolan but that is a little bit too far away so I decided to go to Friberga instead .
Because of this , I would be grateful if you could send me information regarding incorporation to the organization ( date , conditions , etc )
Even if you would like to be up to date with the latest news from celebrities ' private life and professional career you have to remember that the media distorts reality .
My country is pretty clean compared to the cities and countries that I know although there are a few pieces of paper or plastic on the streets , but residents have a great respect for nature .
Moreover , a store known as " KUXUMUSU " offers all kinds of bulls - related souvenirs and genuine pieces that explain the Basque Country 's culture .
Unfortunately , your audition was really bad , Jennifer , so we could not give you a role in our play .
In my case is not really a sport in itself , it is a cultural activity which needs a big physical effort .
Taking a year off might help people who are uncertain about what to do next to make up their minds , while trying new things and making new experiences that will be useful later on their lives .
If in the past , they just hold weddings at home to save money , now they tend to choose restaurants and hotels instead .
Any one who challenges the aforementioned common - sense is n't immediately drawn to embrace and believe the less common , but still popular and not scientific , concurrent idea .
" Atacama 33 " is a recent American movie that tells the real story of a group of miners that keep trapped in a mine 700 metres underground in Chile for two months .
When we talk about public transport , there are many people and everyone travel but i think we do not feel relax are there and if we talk about travelling by car .
I think that it would be quite easy for Montse to find a job but I am quite worried about my opportunities .
The film is a romantic movie , It is talking about one man , Noa , who lives in a small shore town when he felt in love with a rich girl , but like always the girl 's parents did not like Noa 's life because the girl 's father thinks that Noa is not enough good for their daughter .
I firmly believe that were the schools to offer kids a greater variety of sports , there can be no doubt that they would do more exercise .
This is normal phenomenon in Taiwan ; however , police ca n't do anything because of the hacker 's anonymity .
For them ( or do I have to admit us ) , it should be a better idea to build a changing room with more space at that particular place .
I also thoroughly recommend Cracow in general as a place to visit , because it is beautiful , full of other worth - seeing monuments , cute small cafes , various choice of restaurants and vivid hotels with great views on the riverside .
Last year I won the national competition in my country and that make me feel so good , because it 's all I want .
In the following essay I want to discuss the most useful skills which should be taught in school from an early age on .
In my awareness , I know United States advocates free - style study and self - learning , so they aside from study , they have diversity selections .
Particularly in Barcelona , the trouble was that they could fish on the sea but there was n't an aproppiate place to keep it so they could n't eat one or two days later .
On the one hand , most people have , at least , one television in their homes , so it is very accessible to everyone .
This activity not only improves your body and health but also helps you have positive thoughts making everyone feel happier .
More usage of vehicles may cause serious problems such as depletion of natural resources and environmental issues such as pollution .
The task is unambiguous and seemingly easy . I should be able to describe my view of American man and his behavior because of my experience as an adult , a woman , a wife , a mother and simply a human being with various roles in life who has been million times happy and million times unhappy .
He had taken her out to a five - star restaurant , to which she insisted that it was too much , which got Michael to insist that it was okay .
Before the concert started , me and my co - workers had to clean the stage , set up the equipment and make sure everything works well : the sound , the lightning and the instruments .
His ideal plan is he will try to apply the Postdoctor position this fall or winter , and then he can work abroad after finishing the military service ( August 2015 ) .
I 'm Nedar Benzema and I 'm blamed for Mathieu 's sextape .
When I was younger I went to summer camp in France , consequently I know which activities I can propose to children .
I play it three times a week ( on Tuesdays , Thursdays and Saturdays ) in the club of tui .
If you would like to see wonderful beach , you could come to Bali , Lombok , Sulawesi or Irian Jaya island .
There are statues of famous people from different walks of life made of wax . when you were last on a school trip ? where it was and what you have seen ?
the best thing that can encourage me to open this center that I have in my country 5 friends who study in the faculty of languages and translation and I think that they will be very happy for joining me in my center .
I think that you should start practicing this sport because it helps you physically and mentally and it is a good way to socialize .
Maybe if you could just reduce the time you spend with each of your activities , it could work out and you would n't need to drop any of them .
I 've graduated in 2010 majoring in accounting with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 , since I came here I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English , it turned out that I have to jump through the loop in order to over come these obstacles which I believe it is an ordinary requirements to get a master 's degree for the foreign students .
The Alhambra is a beautiful palace which is situated in Granada , in the south of Spain .
On the one hand , my advice that I would give to someone starting my favourite sport , swimming , is that you need a little will power because sometimes , for example in winter , you will not want to go to the gym , let alone you get in a pool !
I love the thing , that in this book , there are a lot of German words , so I also could improve my German ( I go to the languages high school ) .
So if someone really want to birdwatch , he should first know what species of birds there are in the area that he lives .
After two days and with the help of the filming the gunman was captured and brought to justice .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to know new places and over all the things I love the Nature . I would be happy to visit USA because I have never been there , I think is a too rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people that I was glad to meet them .
However , today it is used in more fields , such as medical treatment , elderly - nursing and archaeological studies , as well as education .
On the other hand , public transport are the only resource some people have to move on , and more than excellent to the environment , it 's also a good way to avoid traffic and spend money on petrol , once it 's cheaper if you catch a bus .
Finally yesterday at night , I was studying in my room when the doorbell rang I went to opened the door and outside was , my friend Matus .
I was very excited because it was my first visit to Khabarovsk in the summer .
Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Researches show that the private cars are used most often carrying few person at a time , what makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances expelled to the environment each time that the engine is started .
I knew no one in the city ; my friends and family were far away , so I felt lonely .
You have always wanted to be policewoman ( unless you have recently changed your opinion ) so you must be very fit since you need to pass the physical tests , which are very demanding , according to my mother .
On the other hand , people are willing to discuss serious matters with their family and friends because of their shared bond of trust .
I would recommend 30 min per day , to get the most of this activity : it does n't take too much of your spare time and you 'll get great benefits from it .
Also , if you get enough you will be able to acquire your own home to see your future family growing inside it .
In conclusion , we would definitely recommend it to anybody interested in this subject for both the quality of the course and the unquestionable preparation of the tutor .
That was because Tom liked to give orders to everyone , and Michel did n't liked that .
But we do n't if this change would be good or bad , I hope that will be good but let 's talk about it .
The menu offers a wide variety of mouth - watering starters : it is famous for its oysters .
When he finally came back home , his wife was nowhere to be seen ... Michael rushed to the bedroom .
To sum up , it 's necessary to solve the environmental problems to keep safe our planet , so we had better start resolving closer issues .
By another side , Oceania had the highest land degraded rate at 11.3% bacause of over - grazing , which also contributed to having 13% of land degraded .
I found a bilingual Spaniard ( with several international certificates and now he 's teaching in a bilingual school in Madrid ) .
I like also walking in public street , gardens , clubs and on the shore.when i want to go anywhere;I do my best to go on foot .
Among all the means of transport , the train has become the most important public transport for short and middle distances .
( Fisher , as cited in Strake , 2010 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a two way learning process in which members of group feel easier to discuss the content .
The good thing about it was the fact , that the band(actually I even do n't remember it 's name)was playing with so much passion , that no one probably even think about leaving the place .
The kind of stress that pushes me to work harder in order to get good at what I love .
Many people feel that these machines are now an essential part of our lives , but how necessary are they really ?
The waiters who worked here are kind and helpful , they serve the customers kindly and always explain the menu clearly , they are capable make their customer satisfied with the service .
I am writing to express my very strong interest and motivation to work in one of the largest and most professional companies in the world such as your company .
I do n't know which is the best plays I have been in but New York was cool , but I actually like Fårö most is an island next to gotland and I have been there since I was 0 years .
I am a conscientious person who works hard and pays attention to detail . I am flexible , quick to pick up new skills and eager to learn from others .
I would like to share my feelings about a particular friendship that is highly important to me and furthermore evaluate the reasons why is especially complicated to maintain long lasting friendships in any situation .
For example , to be outstanding to enter to the best university , student have to perform well on their curriculum , such as literature and science , they also have to be good at music or doing exercise .
Therefore , I have always been willing to be offered the chance to take and English and education related program in my tertiary education so as to fulfill my dream and to accomplish my life goal .
She 's gorgeous , if she would only take off her glasses maybe other people will notice it too . '
Now that I have already finished describing the arrangement of my hypothetical bedroom , I am going to talk about its lighting .
The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which held by the students from the same nationality so that they may not feel lonely .At the same time they can also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australia culture in order to suit quickly .
I am person that like going to do exercise , for this reason I like practise some sports , but the truth is that my favorite sport all around the world is the soccer .
I woke up to the sound of the howling wind once again , in a state of vertigo .
The first one it is very obvious because every day the researchers are discovering new things and improving the scientific knowledge that allows us to create new invents and improve the old ones .
Do n't forget to buy a good pair of tennis shoes and a fairly good racket .
There is a lot of people I admire , starting with my own parents as they have to work so hard to end lines and to pay the rent as well as their employees and to give us- my brother and me- a good living today and future tomorrow .
I thought to myself that could be a challenge and , with no second thoughts , I purchased the board .
Since the TV show aired the character of the Doctor has been played by 12 actors , the newest one was announced on summer last year , which is when I was visiting London with my family .
Before focusing on the topic of technology itself , I would like to mention some aspects related to education .
I always want to be with him , talking , laughing , smiling or simply sitting in silence reading his face .
Today 's television is the paradigm of our society , because of dozens of new channels constantly popping up and only a very few controls are done on the quality of what it 's actually broadcast .
The company requested him to go back three days later , so he was looking for a hotel that someone had recomemded him .
In other words , students have the opportunity to discuss with their classmates in order to solve a mathematic problem in cooperation or to talk about a subject .
The aim of this report is to outline what are shopping facilities in our town and write some tips for tourists with different preferences .
I would be helpful in the kitchen as I used to work part - time in my uncle 's restaurant .
So , to conclude we would have to argue that both nature and nurture make us who we are .
In my opinion , TV provides something for everyone 's taste nowadays , including good quality programmes , for a reasonable price .
Thông Tin Tổng Quát
The conceptual framework will conclude the literature review and open up the subjects which this thesis will explore .
To conclude public transport is good for the environment , it makes much easier and cheaper to travel , and it , in some way , saves lives .
To sum up , I believe that it is really important to strike a balance and keep it during your whole life .
When I think in food the first thought it comes to my mind is ham , it brings back memories of the Christmas 2012 .
The bad thing about it is that the band is not popular , and not many people have ever heard about it .
When referring to cars , we can considerably reduce the number of vehicles on the streets if we use public transport .
However , I still consider that if people can learn some foreign culture , or appreciate the spirits which foreign films contain , they could get more reflection as recreating .
John talked about the serious problems there are caused by not recycling things as plastic bags , bottles … that end up floating in the sea because humans do n't take care of our environment , and all this is causing that loads of acuatic animals expire .
If you think that I am the most suitable person to be recruited , I would interested to hear from you .
They think that due to scandals they will be able to get fame , live in the lap of luxury and have a lot of money .
I hope you will take my application into consideration because I have a great sense of responsibility and work very seriously .
However , there are also an endless of leisure activities such as going shopping or going to museums , to cinemas or to beautiful parks
They were very different and very colorful , but at the same time corresponded with the time period of the film .
A second thought crossed my mind telling me that I would miss my family and my best friends !
As a member of student club at my college , my responsibility is to organize events and collaborate with many students from different departments .
Consequently , they are mistreated , hit and live in an inadequate place where they can not behave freely .
This amount of time does n't fit normal workers and students ' tight schedules and busy daily lives , therefore being labeled as unpractical and unachievable .
Oh and given you 're a huge soccer fan like I do , what about planning a match involving some friend of yours ?
Sustainability is not about searching for resources and then build large constructions to extract them .
In the city there are a lot of museums and art galleries , theaters and clubs , few parks which priveds different events like open - air concerts or public muster - classes .
However , so much people love have their own vehicule , a car , a bick , a moto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicule is that you do nt have to take a bus , for example , crowded of people , you can go alone in your car , or whoever you want , but the important is that you chose .
She read it at least twenty times , then threw away and prepared her soul for their father 's arrival .
When we were arrived there , the emotions started to appear so definitely it was time to drink a hot coffee , before the contest is started .
As far as I 'm concerned we would be submerged by too many tools which will replace manpower and craft , in addition the globalization will lose cultural traditions of each country .
In my opinion Poland is beautiful country , so you will not be disappointed ! I would recommend you starting your trip in Poznan .
The global warming , deforestation and drought are some of the consequences , therefore we can do countless things that appear to be meaningless but if everyone does it we can live in a much healthier planet .
I am a 16-year - old teenager from Argentina and at present I am in a double shift secondary school .
" Please , do something . I 'm scared " sighed the woman whose name was Mindy .
I like a car as well , but when I have to driving a car I have to think about parking a lot and I ca n't enjoy meeting other people to talk while I am having travel , so the public transport is making connection with human beings .
Better still the future of the public transport is essential for a better life without traffic .
The real question is , do they want to actually be an alcoholic and a drug addict when they enter college ?
I love swimmming because if you are angry or your job is very stressful , you will feel well after thirty minutes on a pool .
If you are at the most northern part of Sweden it 's always day in the summer and always night in the winter .
So if I want to come to the lesson , I have to postpone all my projects to a later time .
She cares about him , about his life and his family ( even though she did n't care before ) .
Then , more citizens will follow suit and we may all hope to live in a cleaner , less polluted environment .
The nine months that you will spend travelling around Brazil will give you a better understanding of Portuguese and that will be an advantage to you find a new job here .
About my personal characteristics , I am friendly and self - confident but I have another quality that children loves : I am really creative , I can make costumes with not many materials so they will enjoy a lot dressing them up .
I know that for some , playing football is boring but for me , it 's the most awesome thing ever .
I do n't have much time , because I 'm taking off in 10 minutes to help at another concert .
I think quite few scientists still surprise us , and the house of the future will go beyond the limits of our imagination .
All in all , how we can see there are many advantages and disadvantages of considering the members of your family your best friends .
In addition , what about domestic wastes , which are our reality ? We should all learn to manage our wastes , because each of us , in our own small , is a great damage for the environment .
Halfway through the trip Max heard a wierd noise close by and he decided to see what was going on , but before he knew it he was all alone .
We also can have more knowledge about current issues by Facebook pages which are not considered appropriate by some TV programmes such as political discussions , strikes , economy ... As far I concerned , nowadays population know more about what 's going on in the world than in previous years .
My family are n't so close and is distributed in many cities on my country , after some incidents in the past , many things changed and each family followed their own way .
There are almost no contraindications to practise this sport so almost everybody in the town has the opportunity to try it at least once .
Interrupting the momentum by taking a year off is maybe the worst thing you can do .
Given my related experience and excellent capabilities I would appreciate your consideration for any available or appropriate position according to my education and skills .
Shopping is not enjoyable also , when we must buy something , in this case we ca n't find what we want , generally , people do n't like the things which they have to do .
The others answered on this with the question : ' When does a company starts making something , just because they want something to do ? '
I remember , when one of my daughters celebrated her eighteenth birthday , the pub 's owner put the number eighteen , made by cheese on the roll , with a little candle .
My name is Cristina and I am 19 years old . I think I am the suitable person because I have been working with children for quite long .
It is often necessary to have a car when living in a small city or village without public transport , and it is understandable .
In the other opinion , the pessimistic opinion , in developed countries like Japanese and Kuwait we do n't find like these problems because they have a good planning , they make ways underground and overground , then they have ways only for people and ways only for cars , finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care with that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
Thirdly , in my opinion they have the right also of selling only the parts of their lives they want .
My name is Andreas Costa Souza , I am a student of Digital Media in Technologic of Monterrey .
Having lived in four different cities ( Brighton , London , Manchester and Cambridge ) in the UK , I have become more flexible to new environment and keen to accept new challenges .
I would like applying for this vacancy because I think I have most of requirements that you are asking for .
Marketing 's job to deliver content to customers learn more about company and the products and services in order to increase the advantage in the consumption of goods and increase profits .
Unfortunately , my cousin did not have enough money to buy it , but her daughter - a three years old kid- did not understand it and got angry with Patricia , do not speaking well with her for three weeks !
Consequently , we can not dispense with public transport , even if some of us would rather to use their private cars .
In my opinion , they are not my friend . If your parents are your friends , you would live in harmony with them .
As our population growing fast in a family both husband and wife working and children at university able to drive , so you are looking per house least 3 cars , so imagine how busy our roads will be .
The other thing is that students are not able to refuse attending some classes they do not like because those are considered to be a part of an educational standard for the particular artistic area .
I would say , it does n't matter are you performing on the stage or in front of the camera , you should use your facial expression , body language , intonation and timber of voice as if you 're acting as your main character , embody all their treats and features appropriately to the situation .
Because of her suggestions , I learned how to control my temper while I was facing with failures and kept telling myself that was n't a big shame because I had had tried my best .
The graph given shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream from two places at an Englishl seaside resort from 2012 to 2014 , they are separately an ice - cream van and an indoor public swinmming pool .
You see , I do not see members of ones family ones best friends because personally I did n't and still do n't have a great relationship with anyone in my biological family .
He screamed , shouted , waved his hands into the air , swore and insulted that stranger until his rage faded away .
Conversely , the Bronte sisters are influenced by the preceding Romantic works , and their novels contain Gothic elements such as ghosts and the dark ominous atmosphere .
However , this does n't mean that my parents , especially when I was a child , always told me " yes " and made me do whatever I wanted to .
And where I would put my wine collection ? I would rather work as a porter than live in a 20-room house "
The people I have worked for find me a reliable , communicative , well - organised and cheerful person .
I have personally picked up information I would not have come accross other wise for example , I have be able to learn that new BMW seven series , has ambiance lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerises system can read different road surfaces and adapt it 's drive .
Class - E power amplifier PAs work as a switch and can obtain theoretically 100% power efficiency . Class - E power amplifier ( PA ) was introduced by Sokal in 1975 .
Despite the fact I said that famous people need to be well known , I think that ca n't be applied on politicians .
One problem is that some scenes are too long , like the one in which they 're having dinner with the colonel 's family .
To my mind , gaining experience of any kind and taking a year gap before plunging into applying for a university course will broaden young people 's perspective to life and will help them become more confident with what they really love .
Nowadays , people are getting more independent , and more than this problem , society now needs to show the other this independence and control of their own lives , which includes cars , houses and materials .
Her two best friends are Laura Gorritz and me ( Maria Rodríguez ) , she is a great friend with Carlota Pedralba , as well as best friends she has some enemies .
The poet is seen as a prophet , he has to improve people 's moral life and drive them to the truth .
Some said that it even happened that people just bought a particular kind of clothing , just because they thought they would have more friends then .
On top of that , fuel consumption would be too high as we have limited availability of fuel resources .
In 1975 the consumption of fish and chips was ten times higher than the consumption of the other two types of fast food .
The new teaching approach is based on how students can effectively use the language rather than on the knowledge of the language they actually have .
Because of the quicker effects they are more lucrative for the elite than the long - term reforms required by the EU .
Also , every flat or house has a recycling bag to recycle paper and a plastic container to recycle organic waste .
To conclude , we have to know when and to which shop we should go to avoid stressful and not enjoyable situations .
He knew he would n't last a day in the heat , but there was nothing better than a new waffle .
The story is about the love between two young people , poor man and rich and beautiful lady , who leaves her family .
Yes of course but only when you look at it as a way you wanna learn something .
If I can provide you with any further information on my background and qualifications , please let me know .
Finally I can say that the Colosseum it 's a fantastic construction as for beauty as for importance and if a tourist came in Italy for the first time he should see the Colosseum
I was in a position of a leader for a Katie Perry concert and I worked for Angela Merkel when François Hollande arrived in Berlin .
It 's obvious that nowadays is really different from 50 years ago , so we can predict that the people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
But we can not deny the fact that public transportation has been around in years and in every country as a means of travel .
If you like night life you can go to some bars and night clubs that are open till morning .
No one in the neighborhood had a clue of what was about to happen in the next few hours .
All in all it seems that if such tiny changes are made , a huge help to save natural resourse will be done .
Of course if the six of us go together is quite expensive , but if I go only with my husband I do n't spend so much .
I am writing to express my interest to the bar staff opening you have posted on our school 's noticeboard .
They told every dream to their dad , and they know he would enforce it even though under the circumstances it seemed to be impossible he would try .
These things makes we think if the public transport has a future , after all to do all the things you need in your routine like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , is more comfortable by car than by bus .
So far , I have recieved excellent grades in all sabjuects , and I am on course to graduate with distinction at the end of the semester .
To keep the city clean and tidy , people adopt an environmentally friendly attitude in daily life : they refuse littering , if they can not find a rubbish bin around , they keep rubbish in small plastic bag ; at home , they separate the recyclable items from the rubbish before they get rid of the rubbish .
Secondly , it could not be denied that travelling by car is convenient , however people who agreed with the idea point out that high quality and modern public transport such as Shingasen in Japan or TGV in Europe are much more comfortable .
Instead of putting the rubbish in one trashcan , the families should separate it in three different groups - papers , glasses and plastics - and put it into the correct eco point .
The line graph shows the U.S. cigarette price in dollar related to cigarette consumption in billions of packs from 1970 to 2006 .
If you do all the things above , I promise your grammar will improve and you 'll master it eventually .
Also I 'm very responsible and hardworking so I would take care of the children and I would do my tasks the best I could .
I really think it is suitable for the class because each one of us could know in advance how would pay to eat there and besides this could taste the main courses of this restaurant .
Green house gases have put a red light warning on the planet , and countries around the world are starting to realize the importance of reducing these gases .
This is one of the reasons why most French under 50 does n't speak English very well .
On the other hand the number people who can afford a car and the cost that it involves have gone up over the last few years and one of the main reasons they have it because of the comfort , also they claim that they can get their work faster than public transport .
In fact , I do n't want to be one of those student who could n't accomplish their dream and go back to their home , I 'm willing to do whatever it takes to get into your university .
As opposed to the idea above , some people believe that homeless people are criminals and they cause danger on our society because they need money and food so they can steal or kill for this .
After he ends his sentence , he has to solve many moral situations that prove who he really is .
Then we can go visit the Fortress in Sighisoara which is the only fortress in Europe to be actually inhabited .
Anyway , talking about Justin again , I 'm so proud of him , 2016 is his year and no one can deny that .
To be good at badminton you need to prepare yourself in a physical way but also the psychological part is very important .
Finally , it is argued in the listening passage that disease - causing virus that killed the toads could be a disaster .
That day was the day , Elena 's birthday , and Ken was n't sure how to give that massive present when suddenly he had an excellent idea .
Your experience gave me food for thought especially when you wrote that our pupils are sitting passively and listening during approximately 90 per cent of their classes .
That being said , I still feel the reasons I have presented was strong ones , such as architecture and computer system .
Most of consumers do not count time spent in food stores , as they have their own habits and their attitudes towards shopping .
They help our ageing population , but we should make some new reforms to subsidise the shortfall in our budget .
There 's no factories and plants to recycle all these materials , though we 've already got special yellow bins for paper and glass in the city streets .
Nobody liked him at first but now that he is leaving everybody loves him and wants him to stay .
The statement is rather too categorical , because to say that there is no future is going too far .
Another fact that should be highlighted is that while you are working for a year , people from your age are at university , and that means that they will probably finish their degree a year earlier than you , and this could be an inconvenience for you , because you will have to have a year younger classmates .
Not only do I have a big nuclear family who is made up by four siblings , but I also have a big extended family .
How are you donig ? I remember you wanted me to tell you about my experience with helping at a concert I 've been to last month .
Nevertheless , in my opinion the most precious of the revolution is the modern security measure through such a muti - developed society .
We have been told earlier that Abul kaka has got a very nice PAJERO Jeep from office nonetheless the performance of the vehicle was awful that day .
There are some downsides of an advanced world too , for example , people will be more unhealthy due to the environmental conditions and also less self - reliant because of the technology progress .
all begins in 1981 when freddy fazbear 's pizza open , the establishment it 's a pizza restaurant but this pizza restaurant in had robots , in 1981 there were four animatronics and their names are Chica , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .
There is no explicit focus on grammar ; instead , the learners are expected to " absorb " the language and its rules .
This will not be a problem if you travel only short distances , but on long journeys that will be very uncomfortable .
Although the maintenance cost of car is quite expensive , it does not stop people from using cars since convenience matters to them the most and not money .
In early days of public transport , people were only stick to their normal routine and did not wish to earn more from their job or work .
This is a set having one diamond necklace , one diamond pendant with a unique shape , one pair of earrings having diamonds and one ring for her ring finger .
Secondly , shopping definitely become unenjoyable when we are not able to find products we want and desire .
I ca n't go to a barbecue next Sunday because I 'm going to Seville with my parents and I 'm coming back so late .
Throughout this friendship I have been given the support , the affection and the confidence to pursue my dreams .
Compared with local bookstores , publishers or media such as newspapers considering the Internet market , public transportation has much better future .
I would particularly like to know how many students attend the school , and how many students there are in a class .
Furthermore , I already profoundly understand the importance of linguistics in an international sphere due to my experience as a foreign lawyer and as a teacher .
Finally , he decided to go back to the class trip and let them know about the puma .
Through the years , my interest in machines and electrical devices increased , so whenever a device stops working I tries to fix it before calling the maintenance , and my parents always encouraged me even when I broke it down .
Industrialization gave us the ability to mass produce public transit vehicles so that everyone could be free to move .
I offer you to go for a walk to Anec Blau because there is a cinema with some new funny movies and there are a lot of clothes shops too .
Then the printer will print some sheets into bank notes(50 bank notes per sheet).Subsequently , the technical must be used specially for distinction , for example the colour printed on both sides , Special ink is used and imges slightly raised .
After a couple of minutes , take the cake out of the oven and let it cool down .
Even though most of people think that Messi or Ronaldo Nazario are even better than him , other people think same as me .
I think journalists should follow famous people only when they do something related to their profession or the fact that has made them famous .
I have bachelor degree in mathematics ( I 'm a math teacher ) and master 's degree in computer science .
Although renting is the first option for most of the youth , rents also had been affected for the housing bubble and their prices have shot up too .
In the evening I would like to spend some time with those kids by organising some indoor and outdoor games for them .
I like to think of myself as a go - getter so I always try to keep myself active .
But seven years later , as a teenager , I found ballet really feminine and I decided to start again .
As usual , I buy a coffee and breakfast on the way , I can have bread or sweet potato for my daily breakfast .
To sum up I believe birdwatching is a really exciting sport but you must like it to start it .
As time flew , the sun sank little by little , which made Lucky Wang feel more and more helpless .
A very big weakness i have is that i can forget nearly everything especially homework and other school stuff .
It was in winter 2002 when 2 friends and me were working in a hotel in a village called Tignes .
As a consequence of both direct and indirect impacts of agriculture , prolonged drought can be commonly defined as the biggest factor .
There 's nothing like share a meal with local people , it offers you the possibility to glean from someone who lives in the place .
This rubbish was collected by the municipal board on a daily basis and proper disposal methods were employed .
This made them all agree that fashion is there for a reason , and not only for money .
You may not have never thought about it but you ///would///could///might/// be able to jump from a plane if you wanted .
When alison knock on his parents door she noticed that there were many people in her parents house , a man open the front door .
" taken from https://www.uswitch.com/mobiles/guides/history-of-mobile-phones/ "
Many people aged between fourteen and eighteen said that the most listened music among teenagers is definitely rock music .
I think you should buy tickets and book the excursion in advance , because you can spend much time searching for it .
Many people think that the first impression we give and our appearance are very important in our life ; but , it should be like this ?
The highpoint , however , was the final practical exercises which gave us the opportunity to test our comprehension .
With my experience and range of skills I am sure I can contribute to your idea and organise great movie nights .
I think that the worst thing of the trip is that the last night in our room there were a lot of insects and some spiders and we must change Room .
When you use the car , you do not have to think in timetables and you do n't have to pay expensive tickets for travelling .
I witnessed and learn form his ability to work with other faculties such as Faculty of Medicine , Department of Engineering , Faculty of Economics , and School Law .
For this tremendous outcome I believe that our lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years , with greater extension to every aspect of our lives .
I really think taht we should go that new centre that you wrote about in your last email and do some of the activities .
Life is changing very fast as the days on the calendar is going , the flow of life continuously revolving with the world every person have .
And because history has a way of repeating itself I truly believe that the olden days of using public transport are making a come back .
Test cricket is old format and I love this format as it really tests the players skills and only best player can get success in this format .
I start telling something about Paula Echevarria , she is a very pretty and famous actress , she also writes in a fashion blong , she is 34 years old and she is married with David Bustamente who is a popular and hadmesome singer in Spain , they have a daughTer , her name is Daniela and they are like a perfect family .
Despite the fact that We 'd had to share a table with others tourists , we 'd had a great time .
In my opinion grass hockey is the best sport you can play as it requieres you to be really focused on to hit the ball correctly .
And as I know that my classmates prefer light and healthy food , I highly recommend going to the " Chachas " restaurant .
Saying that taking care of the environment is not only the concern of citizens but also the national and international organizations .
I 'm Mary and I 'm writing you a letter because I would like to work in your summer camp .
Also Coleridge had a concept of sublime , but for him it was associated with infinite spaces and the sense of perdition and suspense .
It is about an American football player who does n't know that he has a daughter and one day the daughter came to his apartment .
Many jobs have been lost due to the fact that computers can do a lot of tasks more efficiently than humans .
As a result of her experience , Lucila has developed an incredible ability to solve any problem that may arise .
Also , the personal territory are governed by rules that vary depending on the country , and in Brazil are considered small , but everyone there appreciates this cultural value .
As a meticulous , organized and result - oriented biologist , I pay great attention to details , am skilled in gathering data and used to keep detailed records .
We just take turns talking ( chatting is maybe more correct to say ) and most of the times without any aim .
Besides , I do n't think your parents would buy you a piano , since it would really annoy your neighbours .
I love to play the game with my friends in my village , a very refreshing game , I would say .
One day , he took part in a competition intended for the selection of the head of the post office where he was still working .
I usually wake up at 10 am at that day my father called me at 8:00 am and asked me to go Balla with them .
I 'm afraid I ca n't go running in the mornings I 'm very busy at work .
Working as an ITC si very exciting because you need to program all , is like a challlenge , although you can do varied things . You can be in duty in your house and deal with your boss in the cellphone so do n't be alarmed if your son 's bother you .
All of the above have been taken a good progress in developing P.1 - 4 school - based mathematics curriculum while there is still an area for developing in P.5 & 6 mathematics curriculum .
So , definitely , if you want to try this beautiful experience , I sincerely recommend it to you .
To some up briefly , I would like to say that there is a special branch of psychology which investigates consumers ' tastes and factors which influence their choice .
Being a celebrity means working all the time , you have not a single moment to relax and forget about your work .
Of course , none of these radical measures last long against the very basic human instinct : laziness .
Therefore , we have to study it , and when we finish school we usually continue improving our English before learning another one .
In contrast , living in a society is another story : people might blame , compete , or even hurt others no matter who you are .
I am not sure that mines is the best family in the world but I am pretty sure that I have the best parents I could never wished for .
I am also ready to work longer shifts on Wednesdays , and on Fridays and Saturdays can work extra time .
" she shouted to them with a smile on her face , with this story to tell she will finally shut those boys ' mouths at school .
Since I was five I have enjoyed playing football with my friends in front of our block of flats .
In matter of fact Mr Michael should have provided some advice for Adam when his marks got low but he didn't , and the consequences were very bad so , Michael closed the door and know at that moment he had made a mistake .
If you begin to practise this sport , you should wear goods snorkeling glasses and you should warm up five minutes before you get into the pool .
The best time for football is a sunny day after recent rain when ground is nice and soft and air is fresh .
I 'm a hard - working person so that 's why I never have time to relax .
On one day we spoke about medical treatment cost in different country and one of my friend , Wole was from Nigeria .
The good thing is : the rest of the time living with boys is as uncomplicated as it gets .
Nowadays it is important to be a role model for your pupils - so I try to keep fit and show modern movies about staying healthy .
In conclusion , through a multi - pronged approach , it is possible to increase the use of public transportation .
There is a giant park which maybe the visitors would be delighted to visit as it has animals , a funfair and a lake .
He refused to work more than eight hours a day and he refused to take orders from the slave master .
In my opinion using the nuclear power is important with the great development in the humans life.the countries have to establish this energy and other sources to secure the power for people .
Before inspection , I need to take the course which is conducted by CLPP for the access permit .
I suggest that you visit a village in the south of Bahia called " Taipus de Fora " .
Researchers say that an average adult in the developed world is now exposed to hundreds of commercial messages every day .
I have three more days to prepare myself better , but to be honest I 'm not in the mood of studying .
Inside cities and for shorter distances , nothing can be more comfortable and safe than public transport .
He placed a hook over the door , tied the object to it and standing on a chair put the object around his neck .
And this sport ... I 'm surprised you can still play piano after all those accidents you 've had .
In order to improve the time you spend on it we will recommend you to star in one of ours malls where you can find at your disposal several facilities , from the most fashionable shop to the most traditional .
In 2000 he won his third driver championship with Ferrari and also won it consecutively for three years .
The survey was carried out by means of a questionnaire given to the male and female students to complete .
For instance , a year back I was in north Texas university in USA , there was a health management and policy class with almost no lecture but with lot of time for open discussions .
There were so many guests and I was afraid that it will be too hard for me to do it right .
Higher purchasing power means that we can buy more goods using the same amount of money .
They finish school at the age of 23 - 24 including a further study without a chance of work or anything else .
Finally , it was confirmed that nitric oxide relaxes blood vessels , consequently reducing the blood pressure .
The story is about a poor girl called Floribella she is an eccentric seamstress , she has amazing friend and they have a band together .
The time in the university is the most important time in our lives because , we learn lot of things and it prepares us for our future career .
The beautiful language of the fairies ( verse ) takes us away from the ordinary human world that usually talk in prose .
that sort of bands is famous between the youth and they call it " under ground bands " .their songs give a big concenet to the political and social stituation in Egypt and they become famous after the25 january revoulation , why I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society , there is no chance for the youth and if they found it , they face lot of problems to save it and they did n't find time for other activties and in sometimes they worked in thing which they never learn or love
I always participate in these events because I love the environment and I 'd like to keep my village clean .
This place does n't appear in History books , however it symbolises better than others a change in our country .
One night , I was talking with my sister about her last trip around Europe , her best friend , Michael , also was there .
The aim of this report is to outline what are the best places to have fun in Valencia for young people , what facilities exist for them and how these could be made better .
I think it has more positives than negatives . I do something for myself because I 'm on the fresh air and I do some activity for my body .
If you 're looking for top quality products , we would recommend going to the Westfield shopping centre .
Although we did not have the current social communication means such as Facebook , Twitter , Whatsapp , we were very sincere and close to each other more than these virtual frienships prevailing today .
In addition to that , the cost of the television as an entertainment form compared to the cinema , the theatre or Opera is cheaper and affordable by everyone .
However , I must pay the fee and every evening it 's my commitment study something or do my homework .
He tiptoed to his sister 's room , knocked silently , hoping there was no answer .
I am glad to tell you that i am able on February 16th at 10:00am . I will appriciate if you could reserve a parking space for me .
Apart from that , as I believe that languages are the basic channel of communications between people , I have studied several foreign languages to equip myself .
During Lula 's era , from 2002 to 2010 , Brazil experienced an economic boom as never before and became a world 's economic power .
Later they went to see a grotesque stroke , after Fernanda crying called Daniela 's mom because she also felt bad with the chicken soup , and she wanted to know in how much time they 'll returned to their house .
Once you close it , it would be great if you could let the keys in David 's house , which is in the same building .
In conclusion , public transportation would still pay an important role of transportation in a city unless the environmental vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a city are managed well for accommodating a huge number of cars .
In terms of my personality , I am very hardworking , enthusiastic to wide range of activities , open and friendly .
I am the eldest of four brothers and sisters and I have been used to take care of them , when my parents were at work , especially because I love babysitting !
Then instructor said my name and I went out on the Tatami.when I left I had a special feeling many people look and clapping .
Badminton is an easy sport that everyone can try , just focus on ball and hit it back .
Because we wo n't have time to eat delicious food and drink an exquisite wine and have a chat with a friend .
This month on the 9'th I 'm going to have an oral and writing examination on my English language knowledge .
I needed some consolation to return to a state of psychological normalcy ; it was a step towards survival .
My favorite way to travel is the Plane because I like to be fast and in my life , I hate a wait in my opinion the plane is the best for me for example when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quick , you do n't need to take time and The plane is the best travelling in the world that the best safer than other way , you can see on the pollution of people who got an accident , how often an accident happen by the plane so anyway if it 's happen , i ca n't imagine it , Eventually I wish everyone who like to travel is safe and sound and safe journey .
It is hard for an eastern girl to do what she likes because of her society 's traditions and customs .
If you do n't know what racket you should buy , you will get all information at the club .
Although many people believe that our lives are getting better than they where 20 years ago , scientist proved that if we carry on with our ways of living using , for instance modern technology , we will lose control of our lives .
In public transport many people do n't get a seat and have to stand throughout the journey , it is very exhausting especially in a long journey .
When i grow up I want to work with music in some kind , but if i do n't work with that then I want to work with animals !
However , because there are some disadvantages in GM technology which is being developed , it is also recommended that governments should give more importance to the management of GM food .
Not even a month before he had paid a fortune to get his place refurbished and painted .
Nevertheless , we should use it in an appropriate way and be careful about what is the sources of the information told during a tv show , as they might be misleading .
At the same time , you can get fit walking approximately 30 or 40 minutes , and you will not have the problem for park your car .
In the afternoon , he analyzed the content and wrote a report with some recommendations for achieving patients ' satisfaction .
I have seen the advertisement of the vacancy in your cafe in the local newspaper and would like to apply for this position .
The math teacher in school Mr Michael was a very good teacher who takes care of children in school .
After cars prevailed among the public , our governments have tried to pave rough roads , which promotes people to use cars even more .
Another thing is that : I would improve my skills in working with children and I find the money useful to expand my academic qualifications .
Working with groups of people fills me with lots of energy and as they need me I need them too .
Firstly , the growing number of private cars cause the big problem with traffic jam .People spend extra time on normal travel because of traffic jam .
When I 'm playing this sport I have a great moments and I learn more and I will have more experience in a future .
After that memorable moment , she could now have a thrilling life next to the person she loved .
In fact , going abroad is a nice way to make new friends , try new things and improve a foreign language .
You have a lot of hotels to stay if you want to be more than a day and the people is really nice , or if you want you can stay at my house of course .
Third , TU - Clausthal gives conditional admission and it has a language center .
The scientists that were doing the formula had a lot of tension , but finally , they did it and they said : " Magnificent " .
Sometimes I felt that the background songs do n't match with what was happening but after all you are in expectations of next step so you would n't mind it .
In fact , china will not be moved by this , and this will aggravate the contradiction between Hong Kong , China and the US .
I look forward to hearning from you very soon , if you have any question you can mail or contact me .
Michael is one of the most important economist in the world , he wrote a lot of book about economy and finance in the USA and Europe .
Refresh your soul by getting involved in their special moments and get ready to make a change in your own life .
Not to mention the huge advantage that people are protected from earthquakes because these houses do not have direct contact with the earth .
On the other hand , aside from my bedroom , I would love to have my own reading nook , where to read peacefully .
The words coming up from his mouth like a litany , almost mechanically as he realized that there was no turning back .
I rose up in Al Qassim region and I lived the best time in my life in Al Qassim .
I am searching the chance to working your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and your company won last year the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " and I want to share my knowlegdge and my work experience to improve your profit every year .
That 's only happened to me once , and the film was Life is Beautiful .
If you start playing tennis you go to a famous tennis club , or you choose the best tennis mister , who will introduce the tennis and you will the shots , including the forehand , the backhand , the smash and the service .
In 1995 , there were green areas , however they were cut down and an airport and an apartment block were built in those areas .
The school will be close in Summer , so I 'll be available from the 15th of June to the 30th of September .
I 'm very glad I can finally do something for you after everything you 've done for me .
From 17th to 20th March me and my schoolmates , and also the 2 M , went to a trip to Sicily .
At the beginning , I had a flatmate who loved cycling and running , even in a city like Madrid .
I also recommend going to the vaults under the cathedral , where since the 16th century many kings and famous Polish people have their graves .
As a result , their lifestyle can be negatively affect and thus they would feel less happy than other people lived in unpolluted areas .
He became HIGHLY skilled at writing in these languages and this ability turned OUT to be useful in his job .
If you have your own car these things do n't bother you anymore cause you wash your car anytime you want .
The new tennis court was found very useful because most members of the club claimed that they liked playing tennis .
On the other hand , the public transport is the cheapest way to travel , although people do n't think of that aspect .
This informal system of justice is being practiced in rural areas of Sindh and Baluchistan .
When I received an email from a company based in the centre of Milan , I was really excited !
In this fast - moving world , shopping is the one of the most important things but I strongly believed it is not always enjoyable .
2 . burn more calories , because in the water , the muscles work 5 times more than on outside it .
The municipal board of Clayton does an excellent job in educating its people to keep the environment in a healthy state .
It had to be about a fortnight ago , before he went to Sochi for a business meeting .
Other signals are , for example , if you travel by car , you can park the car in front of the place where you want to go .
If you are going to start practise it , I would recommend you to start taking lessons with an expert instructor .
Furthermore , teenagers have changed their life styles and now they are generally sedentary , since they use their computers or watch TV all day long instead of doing sports .
Watching him play is a delight , especially his assists and juggling games while he looks at the opposite direction .
So I do not agree with this afirmation , in mi opinion travelll by car is much more expensive and harmful to the environment than public transport .
I promise you will not regret to come , everything here is wonderful and there are many places we can go to visit .
The aim of this report is to highlight how the citizens care of the environment , in order to give suggestions to keep this area clean .
I actually love outdoor activities , I have been practicing rock climbing for nine years now , and start with motocross since 2010 also i consider myself very nice with children and teenagers . when I was a child my father and I used to go camping almost every two weekends , till four years ago , because he is no longer be able to stay out of the city , but he taught me all that i need to know to suvive outthere , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
Using your own car to go to the citycentre could be a nightmare , it would be a stressful waste of time .
Then once we get on the car I 'd let the music we had planned before as the ideal background absorb us before uttering any words .
There are some issues that make worried , the environment is getting worse , we have to come up with the methods to solve this and save our Earth .
Travelling by car can be enjoyable , dangerous and relaxing , I knew this is a contradiction , but I can explain it .
Actually , they choose the Good Life , because they can not cope with their own suffering without cultural understanding .
Acquiring a language and culture is a long - term process , which includes learning , practicing , making mistakes and correcting .
With the help of robotics , like I - BLOCKS , students and teachers might spend less time on studying and some sophisticated processes are simplified as well .
The family might exist on paper but not in real because each member in the family will be busy and they will just send some masseges from the high technology phones they 'll have at that time .
Still , women are the victim in three different ways . We will search for these situations that share the feelings of regret , made by some specific situations .
AAs an example if a student need to recuperate a subject or have to take a good mark , they ca n't go to do a sport because there is no time .
By Arno Brodeur , student number 1234567 , class ABCD1EF .
Fleming plays his partner 's part , an AC-12 's undercover specialist , who prides herself on being the consummate professional , unmoved by emotional considerations .
First , I 've always lived in a kind of little flat which is a social logement .
One of the advantages of the Internet is that we can meet new people around the world and make friends without talking face to face .
And finally , I am educating my two children about the importance of what I am doing inorder to help our environment .
I 'm an Italian native speaker aged 27 and I 've been studying Sport Science at Milan University .
The upshot of the matter is that the dissolution of the Soviet Union has caused the formation of the new states and following referendums on their independence .
Firstly , there are a lot of methods to travel ; for example , buses , trolley buses , Metro , BTS , train , ship .
Without doubts I am the person you are looking for and it is a job that I would be very excited to have .
But suddenly he heard a noise , it was his mum."Max where are you ? " she screamed , the lion dissapear in one second , running .
Also running improves my willpower , because I have to wake up early in the morning and run , without fail .
He completed his studies six years ago but since then he was unable to find a proper employment in his Country .
I will suggest people who want to starting this sport , first you must find five to six friends to make a team , and then look for other friends to make another team , so that you can fight with other to get the score .
Mankind went from a rural based society to a modern skyscraper - filled civilization in just a century .
In addition , we are sorry that your holiday experience was affected by the fire occurred on Saturday October 10th , 2015 .
Moreover , the world 's uncontrollable population results in the demand of cars , industries and farming industries , that have contributed to greenhouse gases .
One day in October , Michael a boy was studying architecture discovered a box with a message , while he is opening a box , he heard a door .
So the problem for me is the way the movie is made , with several changes from the original script .
The other actors are also really talented and bring to life many of the historical figures that Turkey had in that time .
In fact I was ill all the time and I only could look the sea through the window of my room !
Firstly I think that if you work as a team you can help each other and if you have more people to talk about any situation you could have a better and more completely answer because you have the ideas and the knowledge of every single member of the group .
The must - see place is St. Basil 's Cathedral , the beautiful architectural symbol of Russia .
It is obvious that everyone , no matter if they are famous or not , deserves to have a private life .
In addition to this , I have broad experience in this field since I worked as a waitress during my last summer holiday .
Moreover , some employers select the potential employee from colleges while they are studying and pay for their Masters or Advanced Diplomas because they see their profit in that investment .
On top of that , It is the regulation capacities of enviorment that for temperature , moisture and even the sandstorms are erode as less plants engage inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen the whole system .
My favourite day it is Saturday because I do not need work or study , so I can go out with my friends and on Sunday I can wake up very late
The area as mid - continental will unquestionably become dryer and insufficient precipitation , which is possible to make it more vulnerable to summer droughts ( van Aalst , 2006 , p.8 ) . "
Second , robotics can be taken advantage of to make studying and teaching effective and efficient .
Nowadays , public transport is a useful and convenient way of travelling , especially for students , people with low socioeconomic status or for everyone who wants to go to work or school by bus , train or by subway .
To sum up , the Internet is a good and efficient instrument if we know the correct use of it .
Hello , dear guests ! We are glad to see you in our city . I want to tell you about interesting places in my city .
Nowadays the Palace has a very good restaurant with a comfortable patio where you can taste the most exclusive products from Extremadura .
To give an example , I usually follow a blog whose main task is to inform about novelties of new and old series , characters , new seasons and when they will be ready to watch them again .
At the end of the test , the teacher shows the results ( correct answers percentage for each student ) .
On Saturday they fighted and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
You would n't suffer anymore from the trouble or annoying stuff on bus most of the time like : no room for you to sit , bad smell people can make , or get bothering or bushing .
Would you like to come ? I 'm going to invite all my friends and family .
I studied in London for 1 month some years ago and I visited different places such as Brighton or Liverpool where I attended some short summer courses .
First of all , once you arrive you will need to get the train , which stops at Tiburtina .
The optimistic opinion , some people object that " no future for public transport " saying that the future of public transport is clear and the prof of that in ancient there was n't any transport and by the time people starting to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars until the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by the creative people .
You can give them the play with gaps to read through and finally get them to perform a number of times without a script .
Some people think that computers are the most important invention over the last century , while others think that are a lot of inventions over the history that are more important than the computer .
From the main capital you can easily travel by train or plane and reach in a few hours all the major cities both in the North and in the South of the country .
Shakespeare says ' Flower of this purple dye , Hit with Cupid 's archery ' causing mystery and letting us think about what he means .
My brothers , nieces and nephew are an important part of my life , so I am always playing with them .
I really like to read everything I can catch and I will have a look in every book to see what is about .
Although it is true that shopping might not be a very interesting topic , it must be stated that it is necessary .
Both of whom have more than five years of experience in marketing planning and own a large number of fabric sources .
We live in an area where its population has all types of animals which can get hurt very easily by human 's activities ; so in our community we have very strict rules when referring to taking care of the environment .
At the beginning , the Yellow River was always unleashing terrible floods that swept through towns , villages and farmland .
We are leaving very late at night , but I managed to leave a copy of the key in the reception of the building , you can keep it with you .
The strengths that I could bring to this position are excellent written communication skills and a keen eye for detail .
So all the people started to run and scream , and the monster was pursuing all of them .
I 'd like to work in the team area , and shows , and share stories because I like to talk to people , and I like kids .
But when he arrived to Michenstain , all the people went : " DAHMMMMMMMMMM " .
This results in common opinions , support when there 's a problem and mutual understanding without many words .
My first night here I was invited to a dinner mainly for scientists who are up here doing a radio show .
It seemed like a simple job to me , but it was also a very stressful job at rush times .
To be successful advertising often uses images from popular movies , catchy melodies , unusual graphic elements and fragments of famous paintings .
I am really interested in martial arts , such as Aikido , Judo and self - defense that I have already practiced .
But with him , I 'm ... I 'm different , I 'm the one who often breaks the ice .
But there 's a thing , no one have enough money to buy a car or maybe two ; that 's why there 's a lot of people who prefer the public transport .
This lesson was the third trail of giving students written instructions and having them explain to the classmates what activities need to be done .
They say , " there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
You take the world on your hands with technology to help your life better and better actually but It is not full that it will good , let keep it with your needs , your time and your money too .
Throughout my work history and studies I have displayed excellent teamwork and people - oriented skills which I believe are crucial capacities in an administrative position .
For example , workers with an average income would not choose to buy luxury goods for the rich or for those with high incomes .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judge according to the social status and material possessions , that is mostly to happen in high class famiies , as they are foccus on achievements as power , political influences etc . on the other hand for a middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as it is the inheritance from our ancestors in terms of values as honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
Since it 's not very easy at the beginning , if you are interested in taking up tennis you should persevere and train at least twice a week .
In modern world , public transport become less important as travelling by car is said to be more convenient . Travelling by car also reduces their time of journey and they do n't need to wait for a particular bus .
Michael tried the cream and thought that her mother would n't notice it if he ate another bit . '
There is a bookcase next to the rocking chair and when I have a free time I sitting on it and reading a book .
All of this will affect your life badly , maybe you will lose your job or your health will not be good anymore .
In addition to that , I am well organised at the kitchen and I can cook a lot of different dishes .
Nowadays the public transport system are running out of passengers due to heavy use of personal transport such as cars and bikes.in early 1990 the public transport systems were most popular trans port system across the world because , most of the peoples had not their own vehicle . but in late 1990 most of the people were able to buy their own vehicle due to many financial institute which has various loan facilities .
The first and most important rule is you do not let the opponent player who raids your field(the box)to touch your border(Border Line).The second rule is You do not let the opponent to cross over the ' No men 's land'(The centre line),when the opponent touches the Border of your's .
While teaching everyone English it would also be profitable to instruct basic knowledge in mathematics , physics or other relevant topics which might be helpful .
It takes me about 30 minutes to drive to my company , It depends if the traffic 's good .
I started playing at the age of seven , when my mother encouraged me to join a basketball club .
These images became the subject of Feurer 's eponymos book , lavishly illustrated with 175 photographs , illustrating his five - decade long career .
The sole purpose of their activity is to keep our town clean and neat , making it an appealing and pleasurable place to inhabit .
They persecute an American family that went because of the dad 's job , which was something about a company that the natives from that place hated most .
After the show I was introdused to one of the actors , who was my friend 's cousin .
The quick and practical life in the city started to drive thousands of people away from the fields .
At the university I was part of the football team and we won the championship against one of the most athletic football team in our country .
It is absolutely rewarding to receive good news from an old friend who has been absent of my life for so long time .
If someone would ask me for advice on how to start playing basketball , I would probably suggest starting with a trial practise and if the person enjoys it , he / she can join the club .
You can go on a road trip around your country or travel somewhere very distant and learn things you 've never heard about on your own skin .
This way you have the chance to relax and to think what is best for you in the future .
Of course private transport has a lot of advantages like : you do n't need to wait for a bus at the stopes or you can go every where you want in the time convenient for you .
When Michael and his little brother , Jackson , arrived at the park , noticed that there was n't anybody around .
We provide a big furniture store , an extraordinary market garden , a well - known home improvement store , and also a large bike retailer with professionally trained shop assistants .
Frankly it seems that the town that I have been living have not taken care about the environment .
Being raised in an environment where personal autonomy is the core , children with disabilities were growing very independent and strong , despite all the challenges they could face on the way .
In 2014 I met a couple from One Direction called Larry Stylinson but they ca n't " come out " because of his managers .
Concerning your inquiry on working in my country , it 's really difficult to get an authorisation to work , especially for periods longer than a week .
I am 18 years old , and I am quite selfconfident and a reliable person , I used to take care of my young brother quite often and I handle well with young children .
Because not may people going to these places , the schedule will be very tight and the bus will only leave once every hour .
The new group worked very well together but there was this girl he just could n't stand at all .
Thus , the sea level will go up to influence the climate leading to warmer days in the whole world .
Watching movies in groups is a great way to discuss different topics , like justice , personal identity and discrimination .
I totally agree with this statement and , to my mind , people should travel a lot because our world is incredible .
Overall , it can be seen that the city has became more modern , with more transport and entertainment facilities .
The best of it was that I saw them really close , because of my dad 's work .
After Hong Kong gets " real democracy " , the US will drive Hong Kong to be independent .
If I could travel back in time , undoubtedly I 'd choose to take part in the French revolution .
It is better from the people be more comfortable because you drive and not the other person . I know some people , the drivers , began haven't got work , but the public transport is free and is free because it is the government pay , this money bacame do to make more work for others .
Screaming , yelling … do some actions which will attract others ' attention .
It 's a fact that tobacco is used as a light drug for centuries by people of different nationalities .
You 're right , in fact it was very difficult to me but I finally took this decision because I want to make new experiences .
We encourage people commuting to nearby places to walk or use a bicycle depending on the distance and those going to the same areas outside the town to join car pools .
Owing to those separated characteristics , actually , Hong Kong can be described as a colourful and brilliant city .
All his life , he had only wished to be popular but his dream of popularity had been long ago snatched by a girl .
When we use public transport we can read a newspaper or book and when we driving a car it 's impossible .
Once you 're in the train station , go where they sell tickets and buy one for Viterbo .
And I do n't even want to think about the situation when we really need to buy something because of the coming pmor wedding .
In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve because my country is so poor and beside it is considered one of third world countries and another think must be taken into consideration is they the politicians are horrible they have destroyed my country
In my opinion travelling by car is more comfortable than travelling by public transport because you can choose where do you want to go and the time you prefer to start your trip .
Our house is clean and comfortable , me and my family love to spend time at home .
The Catholic Monarchs , Isabella and Ferdinad , had tried for several years to defeat the muslims , who at this time , only remained seated in the city of Granada .
In the book , Titania does n't seem to use her magic much , nevertheless , she uses it a few times .
The author claims that the main aim of the scientists is to reduce human suffering even if it demands research conducted on animals .
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am when he told me that he could n't come over that if we could meet up later how you can understand he made me so angry because I ca n't put up this kind of person who who is in late always .
Spring is a good season because it is between winter and summer , temperatures are not too cold and not to hot .
Starting from sending the invitations to the most famous people in the city and calling the shots .
It contains nearly the same shops as the " Donauzentrum " and several restaurants and cafés .
I think I am suitable for this job and it would be а pleasure for me to organise your course .
People were coming in or out of the pubs , some walking straight , others on all fours , cheerful anyway .
As a result , I think more people will prefer to take public transport rather than driving due to the high price of the oil .
Many of the main roads of Mogadishu are getting attractive by the day and the people begun to make their city clean .
To sum up , if I have to recommend a place , I will recommend Cáceres .
To sum up , as a person reaches adulthood , he needs to decide weather to be a human or not .
The presence of a mother is important in a child 's life especially in the first few months .
Their transformation from innocent posters to digital screens ranging in size from miniscule to vast has made adverts all - pervasive .
I grew up with two younger brothers and used to look after them therefore I am used to dealing with younger kids .
For example , many pandas would not find a mate to breed with if they were on their own in the wild .
It was a beautiful Sunday morning and Michael was preparing to go out to meet his old friend Peter .
In the hearts of many Americans , the cold war finally ended this week " , the New York Times wrote .
First of all , it will be a good idea to encourage young people to start saving money as soon as possible .
After that he told the teacher who was responsible for that class , and called me into her room and asked me questions .
After that , he took a deep breath on his bed and made his final decision : he decided to keep on do his homework and project .
I would like to understand the benefits of an MBA at IMD and how it would help me on my career .
He told me he was going to interview me . I had tried to get rid of the body .
One of her favourite things to do is drawing , she has lots and lots of special pens , crayons , highlighters , paint .... AS you see she is an artist at drawing .
Friendship stood the test of time and grow stronger with disagreements fights and misunderstanding , all being resolved and forgotten in the name of friendship .
• 30% of them stated they watch them at most twice a week , but they would so more often if they were subtitled ;
First of all , being a spy requires special skills ; not everybody is suitable for this kind of life .
He did n't know what to do , he tried to call someone , but the line did n't work .
If you want to feel fit you 'd better go in for one kind of sport or another .
In my free time I like to meet with my friends , go skiing , listening to some music and watching films and series .
Next , from 3rd Qtr to 4th Qtr the sales remained steady in $ 850 .
Our ability to develop our identity is critical to our ability to be successful in a range of career roles , we need to shed our old identity and add new elements .
I Am communicating to you , with the purpose of let yo know that we will set up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discuss how we could use social media to improve the Communication with our suplliers , i think a great time for the meeting could be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
Let me introduce myself , I am Luis from Spain and I work as a civil engineer in a Spanish infraestructure company called Acciona .
In the first place you feel more comfortable in your own car than in a bus for example . You do n't need fear that someone could suddenly stole your purse or you do n't have to listen to the others when you travel by your car .
My name is Susanne White and I would like to apply for the position as a camp assistant advertised on the Crash Magazine .
This experience helped me a lot because I become much more responsible not only with these boys but also with my brothers and sister ( I had two brothers and one sister)and I have learned the meaning to work and receive money .
But if you prefer to work during a full three - month period , you should ask your employer a work permit .
He loved her and she was trying to get back with him , as he had hoped in the last months .
On the one hand , I firmly believe that students can find more valuable information on textbooks because they have existed for many centuries .
We 'll visit the Hall City Tower , the zoo , the citadelle and we also have some beautiful parks with a lot of green grass and old trees .
The place where Titania sleeps is full of ' oxlips ' and ' eglantine ' .
I am writing to you regarding your advertisement for a job in the USA , called USA SUMMER CAMPS .
The movie " The Color Purple " displays a variety of situations from Afro - American people who suffered because of their skin color , known as racism , which can be defined as the prejudice or discrimination from one race to another .
We got work at four in the afternoon and it is very relaxing . I had a day off that I spent time at home or going to the gym , where I met hansome guys .
Secondly , the actors were fantastic and the main character , which was performed by Emma Watson ( who is really hilarious ) , was amazing .
I love my city and I love to travel , try a new things , socialize and experience a new cultures .
Finally , It is the safest way for travel , because we do not have many dangers , such as crashing , falling any other kinds of danger in the sea .
As children love playing I think that I am a suitable person to do this because I am like a little girl .
On the the other hand , young people in Bosnia do n't really have the opportunity to choose , if they want to go or not .
This natural process would be interrupted by the absence of the mother and the child 's development could be in this case negatively influenced .
They had kept trying to have a baby for years , but despite their attempts , no child ever came .
About working , I think you have a great chance to find an opportunity to work in one of many multinational companies we have in Brazil .
In my opinion , there are more important things than computer games , so spending money for them it 's like wasting money .
With regard to this sport any advice in my opinion is a good advice and I have just a single advice for a person starting this sport and that advice would be to enjoy everything related to the sport .
For the factories , because Chinese demographic dividend are not like before anymore , the low price and undiversified products should become verity and premium goods .
Why would you waste your time learning a new language , when you probably do not know enough about your own .
I tell you , I meet so many people nowadays that I do n't even remember their names .
He opened the door and saw that Peter was n't packed at all , he had changed his mind about the trip .
But before I could leave school I remembered that I had left my trainers in the changing room , just after football session .
Also if it is the case I would like to arrange meeting to give you all the documents you need .
In its first years television was also an important channel to culture ( theater plays , classic films , etc . ) .
After he got the reason why I did n't have any desire to play , he told me to give myself a try , and if I still did n't like it , he would't force me .
If you manage to organize it beforehand I 'll have the time to prepare all soccer stuff ( boots etc . ) .
I reached the hotel well in the afternoon , nevertheless , the air was still oppressive and hot like at midday .
Secondly , it 's quite easy to deposit plastic , paper and glass in different recycling bins .
The main advantage of public transportation is that it can transport a large number of passengers at a relatively low cost .
For a job i recomended you travel to the coast in Cadiz , Malaga or Huelva and look for a job in the beach because at the sime time you are in the beach you could obtain money .
That could be a great way to stop international tensions , although crisis and wars still exist .
Because I did n't find any ticket for the concert in London I bought one for the concert in Birmingham .
Secondly , the environment would improve its state indeed , as far as I can see the pollution caused by the traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is as far as waste of time is concerned , obviously the fewer cars are around the quicker you can get where you want .
Some people think that the football is a bad thing because the footballer are all stupid and the fans are all violent and disrespectful , but it is n't like it .
-"Ok , got it . Hope you get on well with your problem " .
I am a very active person and I am accustomed to doing different kind of sports activities such as swimming and riding .
The town have to do that and I think in England there are so many greens all around , so a lot of people take care of these that makes good environment .
In the majority of cases , members of a family have the same blood and genes and they also share living space .
I prefer to watch films at the cinema because there are n't any distractions or noises and the quality of films are better .
Especially in our hectic world it is very important to find to yourself and just listen to your body .
If you want to start running , firstly , you need a comfortable shoes and clothes , and secondly , make a plan , like how long should I run today , remember , appropriate rest is necessary .
Last but not least , in some cases , only for the sake of showing off , many couples , after getting married , have to work hard to earn money to pay the debt for wedding expenditure .
Like what was once , I have no doubt that this world of wonders will remain important in the coming years .
After taking the car out of the garage , he had to drive all the way to the airport and wait for Rob to come .
Also I 'm a good cook ; at one school I 'd taught at we made cheese and pepperoni pizzas !
If you do n't want to catch a cold , you should bring a jacket and some trousers .
Within 6 years , Facebook has reached more than 1 billion users and still growing rapidly .
In the middle of the principal street , that is next to the sea , there is a divider with a lot of flowers and plants .
Therefore , in order to avoid giving rise to any further complications , Brazilian authorities should bear in mind the development of both , national and international programmes .
Each and every one of the roles is beautifully written and the actors do n't fail in bringing them to life .
If it were not enough , you will be able to enjoy the amazing atmosphere of our nightlife , going to restaurants , to clubs or lounge bars .
However , the use of public transport , especially in high density cities , allows people to save time while commuting to their study or workplace , as trains and trams do not get stuck in traffic jams .
Those involved in this lucrative business are in awe of the almost endless possibilities that recent technological advances offer them .
To have been assigned in the mountain is never a worst situation ; I have never been unfortunate , and misery has never been my colleague .
In contrast , one positive aspect of social media cover the education area , in which the knowledge , the expansion of ideas , and the discover of different ways of learning will contribute in the community .
But getting used to the Internet 's rules of comunication , they might find it difficult to face up to reality , make friends in the real world .
I invited my friends to try these sports and apparently they liked , many did not because they did not know well what it was but after living it for yourself you realize that are very beautiful sports .
We visited him several times over the years , and decided to take the sweet olive tree home with us this year .
For me , the most interesting one is sightseeing around the city and discover its monuments and landmarks .
This coup had a big resonance among the American society ; consequently the US mass - media were eager to know the feelings of the US citizens about the situation in the Soviet Union .
Therefore , this interaction demonstrates that the eye contact can have a strong influence in the cultural values of attentiveness and respect with the others ' opinion .
There are a lot of kinds of sports such as swimming , wrestling , cycling , box , football , hockey , track and field athletics and so on .
If you do not change your policies or give me a personal discount , I will leave your school .
To most students , weekend is essential to them , because they are not allowed to play computer games until the weekends .
In addition , the type of examination is more on memorization , that I can use my own language that help me to understand it easier .
When it 's cold I always go to a cover swimming pool and when the weather is warm or hot and the sun is shining I always go to a reservoar .
As soon as the lights went out , the atmosphere changed in the classroom and I felt the tension rise .
Nowadays public transportation is included almost all around the planet , We can admit that the transport revolution has been plave in the last century but due to the globalization and technological development , the transport sector is always in a continuos transformation :
When considering the bus , users feel that it does not offer any advantages compared to the car and it is taken when no other option is possible .
I like skiing because it is a sport that I also did from small I like large speeds and lower living at high altitudes and enjoying great landscapes .
As a member , during many occasions such as Christmas Party and School Open Day , I had opportunities to learn different kinds of food from other members as well as providing reception duties .
Probably one of the most discussed topics - global warming , is also most serious issue ; world is facing today .
Now , in order to answer your question , I have many favourite places near my town because I live in a lovely and little town , but there is one place taht is special for me : ' A Fervenza do Pedregal ' . '
I 'm glad to hear that you are having a great time abroad volunteering for this international cultural organization .
So I came to my parents and asked their help , they presented the best recommendations for making the decision , then I could make the best friends that I can easily go along with .
I stayed with a local family , which happens to be the family of the person that stayed with me when he took part in the same programme .
It is popularly believed that the golden era of public transportation will be ended soon due to the heavy use of automobiles such as cars , cabs and vans .
Of course I prefer to go to this pub with my family or with my friends , especially if I have to celebrate something , for example birthdays , anniversaries or something else .
He ran for 30 minutes around the pool and when he finished , my friend started laughing at him .
The U.S. researchers from two universities in the state of Pennsylvania and the Foundation « Rand » American research and development staff to monitor regularly attend public transportation or go to work by car within a year .
First of all , thank you professor to teach in the meantime , the entire course of the learn really benefited , especially in the first meeting , for British English , I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually after I found the beautiful of the language in British English , I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you really very carefully and very humorous , you 're always careful in curriculum pronunciation correction for each student , using a variety of reading skills let us immerse them read .
I think that horse races are a fun entertainment if you like one of these three things : animals , betting and fashion .
My family live in the city center of Madrid but I do n't like living here because it is noisy and there is contamination , so I decided to move to the county side two years ago .
Also , the fairies language is magical as most of their lines are spells and sound as if they were in a fairy tale .
So I just made a quick decision based on some research on the internet and some personal favorites and priorities .
In my opinion sharing a car we will arrive at work on time and when we will finish work we can go directly home .
If you want to start to play football my advice is to be fit , because if you are n't , you can hurt your bones or muscles .
In this sense , the term , " time management " means the ability of controlling time on prioritizing tasks , and planning effective scheduling of time to balance study and work , and keeping concentration on motivating yourself to learning towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Then , Michael tried to hide their bodies in a room , without knowing that his mum was alive .
Knowing that he had jeopardized his friendship with Rasheed he quietly returned to his house .
Transport vehicles must be well maintained , subway and bus drivers should be customer - oriented and service must be punctual and efficient .
Travelling has an important role in our everyday life , we need to get to work , school , want to meet our friends .
Another option would be to create a system to rent bicycles ; this has been done in many cities with great results .
Another positive aspect of zoos is that they help to protect endangered species by offering them a safe place to live .
i like volei because it was part of my life and of life of my mother , is my favorite sport , but i like over sports too , same i do n't play volei because I 'm bad , and my friends that know , do n't like of peoples bad of volei .
They have a number of workshops for young people from beginner to semi - professional , and most of those are not so expensive .
Mohammed is a kindly prophet born in small city called mekka and travelled to another city closed to mekka called almadina cause the people of mekka were very aggressive and they not accepted the new Invitation for the new religio
Around the city , there are a lot of containers for rubbish , pieces , plastic and crystal .
I do not think that no future for public transport because not all the people can have a car , especially , poor people in the developing country .
-There is no need for you to climb through the window , like a thief - said a soft voice .
But the whole experience brought a positive surprise : working at the same school as Nora does is actually pretty nice .
If you want a short - term job , I think a restaurant is the best one for you .
The Usual Suspects , one of the best movies in the last two decades .
I hope that my advices will help you and I also hope that you have a great time in my country ! !
The tourist agency made group bookings , which resulted in the unusually low price of the holiday package .
The first solution is change portion size of soft drinks , which means smaller size of beverages could contain less sugar .
This will be like in ancient times , but in the past the houses was the same all round .
And when you are starting , follow the discipline and find the ideas and thoughts that are hidden behind the movements and techniques .
To sum up , no one knows the future ; however , I believe that travelling on public transport is as convenient as by car or more because it is good to save up money and to reduce contamination .
The personal contact shows a decrease in this time because people do n't want to face their real problems , instead they can see all the poblems happened in the world by their smartphones .
Independent learning has become an indispensable part of finishing tertiary - level education successfully .
He asked to me how much money should I wanted from Mathieu?Then I asked him how much do you need?He said about one hundred thousand euros and after that I said " you can get it".With hindsight , I was wrong because it was illegal .
One should also bear in mind that sometimes it 's necessary to compromise , especially when it comes to material or financial issues .
Also I remember my first competitions , I did n't win I was like the 4th but I was n't sad because I though that the next time I will do my best and probably I would win .
I did n't expect to find anything else than sand , heat and tourists on my way across the desert , even though I was leading myself to a patch of water among leagues of wasteland , the oasis of Faiyum .
He thought happily that he was not only on his way to his new job but he was on his way to his new life .
They can begin to jog for 15 minutes and then increasing the time so that their body can get used to the muscular effort .
In conclusion , I would rather say that companies must reinforce our humanity before manipulating the environment in such a radical manner .
Nowadays , we are living in a global world and we must learn how to live together therefore the education is the only way to achieve it .
I am used to work with children who are under 12 years old , because I usually do kids matches when I referee .
In my opinion , this statement could be said for a person who lives in a city with little traffic or a person who prefers travel in a freedom way instead of being concerned about public transport schedules .
I 'd suggest we take some days off together and head for any particular place he would like to go to .
For example , during the semi - final first leg AFF Cup 2014 between Vietnam and Malaysia team , the players played quite violent , the supporters of the two teams were very tense .
Nevertheless , a study of The New England Journal of Medicine claims that only the diastolic blood pressure is affected by nitrate supplement , once it was not found in their study a significant change on systolic blood pressure after nitrate supplementation in healthy volunteers .
However now I am working and planning to continue working as a Software Engineer ( 261313 ) .
Thank you very much again for helping me getting the tickets for the concert in London but unfortunately I have bad news for you today .
I particularly decided to drive to do my day to day tasks such as , shopping , visiting friends , church and so on .
However , it is also true to say that people who are actually interested in historical sites would visit the town anyway .
She passed next to the bar where her boyfriend was getting high with some , unknown to her , boys .
This is true in many aspects as this may lead to living in a virtual world that only includes interacting with people with texting and social networks .
Power efficiency and linearity are important factors in many applications such as cellular communication , wireless communication .
I believe I would be suitable for the job advertised as I am a sociable , resourceful and industrious person .
By the way , the exterior traits of Weeping Angels are not enough to make people scared .
The ball was object which provided us with lots of fun while we kicked to it and had friendly matches .
I was waiting for Michael less then an hour , so I started to have a lot of emotions .
Lots of people think , that teenagers are stupid , have a small knowledge about life , do not have enough experience , are annoying , difficult to understand .
There is no future for public transport because buses and trains are broken and dirty and people prefer to avoid them .
There is a huge number of shops in the centre so what about doing shopping ? Sightseeing in this town is for tourists very convenient because they can reach everything on foot .
I would be grateful if you could tell me what sports and evening activities I would have to organise .
My favourite sport is swimming . I can only practise it in my free time , as school keeps me very busy .
I think that Cádiz is perfect place to meet , because Cádiz has coast , sea , and mountais .
During the voyage , we disembarked in the Bahamas and CoCo kay , which is a private island of the cruise , we went to the beach and played so many games .
Elizabeth apparent to be a very sweet girl , but Jason is not convince , because when he kiss her , he does n't feel nothing , he does n't feel that gravity disappear , and when his face turn red , he just put a face of horror and surprise , like if she was very sorry about kissing him .
First of all , I am going to present to you some general information about the environment in our village .
But sometimes the pace of change , the direction of change or the consequences of change can make it no good at all .
In this research , the sample size seems to be appropriate for SEM ( 309 > 27 items multiplied by 10 ) .
For this reason when a woman and her family decided to live a whole month without plastic they had to change treir live style .
So when I came across this advertisement yesterday , I found myself thinking how wonderful it would be to apply for this job .
You know you like a sport when you enjoy it and you feel comfortable to practise , that 's what I recommend do , enjoy and be happy practicing because Muay Thai is a beautiful sport !
1 . I overthought every so often , because I was not sure if what I was doing was alright .
In fact , I was responsible and I had the determination and the skills , because I learned it from my parents .
Although it 's true that I do n't actually love sports , once I found golf it totally engaged me !
- Method : Data selection- The three songs we will be analyzed and the reasons why we 've chose them
As vocal patterns are considered so important for Brazilians , personal territory is another unwritten rule that is easy to see people using on the streets daily .
In a flash his brain sent him a signal and he realized it was only a dream .
What about lookig for colleges which offer Wi - fi Internet connection and a proper meal at lunch ?
He loved the idea to descend to the bottom of the sea where his ideas would n't be taken away or heard .
I spent about two years there , but I wanted to come back to Italy because I missed my home .
But , unfortunately , we had forgotten to get a passport for our son , so Pedro could n't fly .
that day i just finish help younger student to understand his math lesson My friend Michael asked me to do the same to give her answer sheet for all final exams i was in bi shook why she want that from me any way i collect my courage told her that was wrong and become to do that in college better to start study now and I 'll help her to study the hard lessons ( i was very sad to say no & she asked me that)she become very angry and told me i should help her because we she was my best Friend then i told her that why i told her NO and she told me i hate you
The bottom line is : get as much out of your diving experiences as you can , but stay safely within your own boundaries set by your personal education and practice .
I 'm also very self - confident and independent , as I live alone , what has make me a very good cooker .
Normally this food are made when people did in the past , although , the best street market is in the west of the city .
Our aim should be to deposit as many things as possible in the plastic , paper and glass bins .
City planners and transport officials must ensure that frequent and reliable public transportation is available for each citizen .
From this hour , there is only one service every hour , until 10 p.m. Anyone of these 7 bus takes less a half hour to get to the city centre , in spite of Sunday has not traffic jam .
I like to climb but it is a sport that I just started ... but I want to keep practising it and keep learning new things .
Their desire to be at the top contributes a lot to the fame and reputation of their clubs and countries as well .
So , I hope to be a great candidate for this job and to get on board with you .
Furthermore , if you go in summer , you should go to a lively area and be with the interesting and nice people , but like every city , be careful with the rough areas .
This report aims to present different advertising strategies for our products according to the type of customers we have .
So , as a member living in our mother earth , we should do our best to protect her .
There were times I wanted to back off from the many demands of work , but I always found myself fighting .
The most healthy sports are swimming , playing basketball , playing football or running but I prefer to play tennis .
I have some relevant experience , as I have worked in a kindergarten and done some babysitting simultaneously with my studies at the university .
Finally I think I 'm a friendly woman who likes children and wants to work and learn this summer in U.S.A. so
Things are getting more and more expensive and I am really disappointed when I must go out of the shop with nothing and furthermore it gives me a big amount of sadness .
Although now she is sure , she had suffered a lot . " The cold " and " the fear " was inside her .
I get in touch with you to inform him that from November 1 different activities will be carried out in Caceres to attract numerous tourists of different places .
When she come closer he knelt on one knee and said : " Will you marry me Anne ? " .
They used a lot of language that they would be able to use in everyday discussions ( arguments ) outside of the classroom .
An example of that it 's the extremely amazing soundtrack with a really beautiful song of Pablo Alboran , a Spanish singer .
After I receive more and more information about some successful engineer and inventor such as Steve Jobs , I realize that no matter who you are and how smart you are , you can not live without a healthy body .
First of all , my name is Lorena and I have twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I can improve my English level and earn money ; my English level is so good due to all this year I have been in English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate ; and just like that I will be able to communicate with children .
That is all I can tell you about this place . I hope tath my answer will help you with your project .
It was built in 1754 and renovated in 2007 and nowadays you can see the new face of this amazing place .
This is because despite having experience in industrial design , I was never taking part in the design process from the initial stage .
" Annabelle " is a horror movie which i am going to watch this Saturday .
I 'd love to teach you how to swim and the gym in the avenue is perfect for that .
I think that a lot of people can learn how to live , what think , eat , wear from this soap opera .
The drink is so good because it has a lot of sweet flavors and it has pineapple in it .
She gives classes from 8 o ' clock in the morning until 7 o ' clock in the evening .
Novalie is 10 years old and Edvard is 6 years old .
But for some of them you have to search very well because some of the shops are unique and some other are very good hidden , but for that you have specialized transports that will take you to wherever you want or you need to go
What I enjoyed the most , was helping backstage , where I got the chance to meet the artists .
It eventually made very good impression on its audience , and the most important for a commercial movie , it really did very well at the box office .
Hereby we both want the pupils to reflect their learning and bring the teacher valuable information for the next time .
Finally , I believe that it it a great opportunity to study in the United States and to improve my education and my lifestyle .
My school friends and me went to Dominican Republic , it 's a Caribbean country with amazing beaches .
To begin with now a days people are addicted to mobiles.for example young people wasting their valuable time in mobiles .
Secondly , The entrance of Disney is incredible and colorful , it also has the main characters in it .
We are all looking for that without great difficulty or effort and one way to achieve this goal is to study abroad .
They take for granted that historically geniuses have always been recognized , but in reality they are only talking about geniuses that , in fact , have been recognized .
I did not do everything I wanted because I was forced by my parents to go to Boquete .
You should take into account that thirty drivers(often inexperienced or aggressive ) pose a greater danger to road users than than one trained bus driver who feels responsibility for his passengers and for other participants of the traffic .
The lecture and the reading passage both discuss how to stop the spread of cane toads in Australia .
" I need to talk to boss " - he said to Jane , the main secretary of the company .
The worst part of story was when he told me that he was going to have a lunch with his friends .
I 'd definitely recommend it to everyone , whether they live in a flat or in a house with a garden .
Even though she had forgotten to turn on her alarm clock , she woke up at 7 sharp as she wanted the day before .
Peter decided to help his father with his work and the problems that were happening , while his mother was doing the luggage and preparing the car to leave .
However , it is also important to remember that people with a handicap have got the same rights and chances as people without a handicap .
Firstly , all people can buy a lot of type of some things in my city for example in the centre of the city we can be souvenirs because this town has got old monuments , theatre and churches .
Our international supplier wo n't be able to deliver the reagents or other goods on time .
The school provides lots of different activities for those who are interested in music , drawing , dance and theatre .
In my opinion many people depend on public transport to get to their place of work , university or school .
It was very enjoyable from the onset , and has been a fantastic experience to learn the sport together with other children .
If everything goes as expected and we both find a job , we will visit the city of London .
Since he has great expertise teaching , and an excellent boss , respectful of the opinion , time , and personal background of everybody .
Differently , foreign men often believe that they are being desired due to this constant eye contact .
I also have experience with teenagers through my sisters and I will look after them as I take care of my sisters .
I pride myself in creating a classroom environment that accommodates the needs of my individual students while still promoting a high level of critical thought and writing skills .
For this reason people is becoming acure of the terrible problem and is learning and teaching vial culture to new generations .
On the other hand , lack of privacy is a major disadvantage in a famous person 's life as their personal life 's boundaries are constantly trespassed by paparazzi and journalists .
Your plan sound great and I will be pleased to spend a few days with you and your family .
I love sports but I did not get much opportunities to play a sport . I born in a village in India , my parents are farmers like most of other villagers .
Extremadura is in the West of Spain and it has a good weather all year .
Secondly , the author suggests that it is impossible to replace experiments on animals with anything else .
I also like to play video games I play with my friends , my favourite games is FIFA , NHL , GTAV and some other .
The speaker discusses the article , saying that taxes stand against free trade and in favor of protectionism .
The end completely blew me away and I believe it was the best part of it .
After a while , when we were playing one of his Computer game , we heard a scream coming from his garden .
I am used to children , I have two sisters with 9 and 11 Years old and I take care of them all the time .
I really like it , because I love music and I enjoy trying to guess which instrument I 'm looking to .
This oddly - named album became the most well - known on the history of the band .
When I was younger I would rather watch romantic films . I used to cry when the handsome boy kissed that pretty girl , or I was waiting for the special moment to say good bye to the bad ones .
His head was wandering around the sweet smile that made him feel nervous like a child just a few minutes ago .
There are so many sports in the world , like basketball , baseball , running , yoga , swimming , and so on .
Although Milford Comedy Club offers a fun night with four established comedians , the only food available is snacks .
Back then when she had been a little kid , she had dreamed of seeing the entire world .
It give competition to national companies .By virtue of which they work properly mannerly and give better option to policy holders.people can always buy nominal premium we should aware them about the types of insurance as well as benefits of the insurancce .
During these events people seem to fall into a peaceful dream where all the country love each other without show racist feeling .
In addition i suggested going by bus around the surroundings of the city , where you can do adventure sports , like canoening , climbing or just walking around the mountains and enjoy the countryside
You will be amazed by " Cristo Redentor " and " Corcovado " , I have no words to explain how beauty they are .
I 'm happy about that , but I still thinking that it 's not the truth .
I sold tickets before the concert , and then , during the concert , I helped take care of security .
Moreover , climbing is a sport in which it 's not too important if you are a man or a woman because you does n't only use your strength but also your equilibration .
It affects our lives in many ways , including our communication , self- expression , bullying , isolations , friendships , and even our very own sense of humanity .
I would recomend this film to anyone , even those who are easily scared scared because it is not as the resto of horror movies , it is a film in which you are continuely discovering secrets as if you where another character .
Recently I watched a film called " The Sixth Sense " , and I 'd totally recommend it to anyone older than 13 .
Last time , I just had a chance to stay for two days , and I felt regret when I got home .
A product which everybody is talking about and which is advertised a lot is automatically considered to be good .
Then we went to Cacahuamilpa to play there that was an incledible experience that I will never forget .
I 'll never forget the sounds and smiles of these happy people with their arms in the air who were standing under the stage .
It directly depends on the city in which you live but , as time goes by , public transport becomes more and more necessary .
On the other hand , cars are not only expensive to purchase , they also require fuel , which is very expensive .
Every now and then they even air an extra reportage on a certain field like the European election or the crisis in the Ukraine .
You will not be able to find the right size , the right colour or simply anything which would suit your taste .
I think that it could be a great opportunity to improve my English skills and learn lots of things about the UK culture .
Besides being my personal favorite for its culture and language , the United States of America offers big opportunities in this area , for it 's great universities and educational system .
This conflict was an incentive for clothing stores to sell new and weird things for a higher price .
Do nt forget to have time enough to go out with your family and friends there !
In the morning , I needed to get to school and in the evenings public transport helped me to get home .
After , I would head to the sandy beach and relax in the sun , feeling the breeze .
This restaurant is recommended to me by my aunt who was working just around the corner of this restaurant a few years ago .
In conclusion , it can be concluded that military service is necessary for national security and good for people improve themselves .
The best season to sale the ice cream from the van is autumn , while that is one of the worst season for indoor swimming pool .
So it seems that these people can live happily and peacefully , without problems , but this is not true .
It could also be possible to clone human organs so that we could have a chance to replace our damaged body parts .
Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called go green Vancouver that it will protect the environment selecting the rubbish by containers at the same time there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provided a 3 containers for each house one for papers one for bottles y the last one for rubbish materials .
What is also important is the impact on the environment , which is already considerably damaged by human technology .
Although I did well for a long time , one day , he contacted again with me , so I did n't ignore him .
The aim of this report is to examine the possibility of hosting the European football championship in my country .
A freestyle skater who can make a perfect combo of tricks that matches the rhythm is an artist .
I am writing to enquire about the job of Camp Assistant in a summer camp , which was advertise in a magazine .
In order to create and maintain a team spirit , I use different tools like icebreakers and energizers .
Secondly , it 's much cheaper to eat at home , because restaurants want to earn money .
After an hour Mindy was holdin her baby- girl and Peter was trying to realize what had just happened .
The sum up the above argument , we should take some measures and have positive attitude .
In conclusion , I prefer to shop in a small stores because it is more likely to find the one and the only product while it also provides a sense of treasure hunting .
It has been my life goal to become an English teacher in order for me to make contributions to our society .
After she had finished her lessons , her boyfriend arrived on his motorcycle and took her for a nice trip .
Michael has been working very hard , and just seemed to really be over whelmed by all the work he had been carrying out through the course of the month .
This involves leadership opportunities , international internships and interacting with a global network to support their development .
The government needs to invest in better conditions of the public transport , with more options to the transportation of citizens , in order to make it easier to go from a place to another , and hardest the decision to choose between car or bus .
So do other people in my country , especially old people who have not got their own cars .
Are you just going to stand there and let it attack you because you are too tired ? "
Our main goal should be creating homes with renewable materials which might be available to everyone and cheap .
I also like to have a look at the foreign newspapers but they only let you to read the headlines and the beginning of the article .
It 'll be the second time I 'll visit the UK , and I would n't like to do the same excursions , so would you mind telling me some good activities to do or some places to visit there ?
Using public transport we will avoid traffic and so many accidents , so why we do n't use it more ?
As an international learner , I embraced these changes in my learning strategies , primarily because these new learning strategies of academic style significant for my future course .
Surprisingly , the current study has found significant changes in both systolic and diastolic blood pressure post exercise .
Robots will continue to be improved , till they will be able to do all work at home , so no one rich enough to afford a robot would bother to do the work himself / herself .
I would be grateful if you would send me more information of this work and you can get in touch with my on 671234567 .
When we go shopping , we should take our own bags instead of using plastic bags from the shop .
Seeing it for the first time it was impossible to understand the meaning of the column or the pile .
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction with your service I received when I spent a night at your hotel on 20th March 2014 .
I very tall ( 1,71 m ) my face is normal , I have brown eyes , and black hair , my nose and mouth are normal .
Tom was getting really anxious , worryng that he would never make it back to his job at 2 pm , the flight arrived .
Michael booked the trip and arrived at the port in Algeciras on Friday evening .
We need music in most of our times or even every single day , to enrich our days with happiness and joy , and also to melt away sorrows or depression , that can affect us and prevent ourselves from doing the best .
Sometimes , some tv shows are so great that helps you in determinate class , for example , Animal Plante can help you in biology , The History can help in history , etc ... In my opinion the television can be good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reads books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
In that case chess would help him .It would make child mind sharp and he would not get distract by the surroundings .
By ' shades ' I mean not real colors , but those undertones that our mind imparts to everything it comes in touch with .
In my opinion , Seville was rather disorganized and not very charming and its citizens rather rude .
Any experienced worker would bring a sense of calm , steadiness , wisdom , commitment and experience of course .
In my opinion these arguments depend on how efficiently designed is the public transport system , having in count number of routes , timetables , cost of the tickets and facilities for users who use it frequently .
The public transport most used in Toluca is el bus because it is the most cheaper , but it is very bad and unsafe , the qualiti of it is very bad , the buses are old and obsolete these have broken windows and old and broken seats .
Meanwhile , the urban council highly discourage the use of plastic products and other artificial materials for the sake of our own cleanliness .
Finally , the article says that the use of hydrogen is highly economic , because it requires only half of the energy of internal - combustion powered cars .
The aim of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in my town and make recommendations to try encourage the tourists visit the shops .
As a result , there is the debate whether educational institutes have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing field of study in which they are unlikely to succeed .
In addition , water pollution is , as well , a global problem , as so many industries dump a large amount of waste into rivers and lakes and also human waste and rubbish end up in the water .
First of all , the many repeats of all programs like serials or films do not motivate people to watch it .
It has been an easy target of terrorists to plant bombs , so if you are traveling through a bus , you accept the risk .
There are many different kinds of shopping : e.g. clothes , groceries , furniture , instruments , etc .
Moved by my curiosity i dug up and found a paper which contained a map .
The traffic Jam slowed down thousands of vehicles for more than 100 kilometres and lasted for more than ten days .
However , on the internet you can find not only meeting points but practical and very thought - provoking articles in blogs .
My family loves me whatever I think or whatever I do , no matter if it is correct or not .
Sorry , I need to go and wash my raccoon , he is very dirty after a walk .
I am working daytime so night time , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytime on weekends would be good for me except on Mondays and Wednesdays when I play basketball as a hobby .
That way you wo n't have lots of pressure , and you can be an honourable person .
My host family take me to different hot spots and teach me how to speak Japanese , in order to facilitate the
I agree that some of young people behave really badly , they smoke , shout on their parents , drink beer , do not improve themselves .
In my opinion , these measures related to ban of cars in the city centres are effective and limit the traffic jam and the air pollution .
There are some assistants who if you ask or even do not ask , they start suggesting the best their products as well as the most expensive ones to you .
The magazine also has a letters page and they pay $ 25 for the most interesting letter or email .
Only a few long seconds spent thinking about what he had to do : he had to save the passengers .
I would totally agree with the idea that children should not use mobile phones during class , but during breaks .
As for my experience , I love working with children and I sometimes took care of my nieces which they are 10 years old .
He does not like that his brother is " prostituting himself " by writing scripts for movies since he does not like movies .
College is the only place where i feel I am special that is why i always like to there .
Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or moving from one place to another without wasting a time in waiting a specific time to move or even waste a time in waiting a public transportation to reach all point it should get it , but in the other side when you have your own transport or a private transport is get a right to choose time of trip or when you want to move or stay , and nowadays we can not waste our time in taking public transport .
I , like most people , took for granted that celebrities not only seek fame , but also benefit from it .
Unfortunately , the reality impels me to admit that young people has more opportunities to enjoy life because of all the technological advance that older people tend to not understand well .
As you asked for my advice I would suggest to get a job in summer because you said you would only want to work for about three months .
Nature is one of the most important theme in the Romantic Age , since it is a reality that inspired many writers , both novelist and poets .
As a result , they are easily drawn by the allure of wealth , which leads to illegal activities such as theft , kidnapping or drug trafficking .
If we 're planning for what we have then we are behind the curve " , Anthony Fox .
In my opinion , no matter where you go , just take your camera and take photos in order to be able to remember that wonderful , amazing even unforgettable moment .
Thus , is it understandable why many feel younger government workers should be incubated before given promotion to important positions .
But this is not the end of our trip , we went on a voyage in a Royal Caribean cruise , where all the food and drink was free , because it was also paid .
The rapid advancing information technology and the development of Internet networks enable the evolution of banking activities at a comprehensive level .
Students want to make new local friends , but cultural customs and taboos could be a problem to be noticed and adapt .
Installation of solar heater , solar lights , use solar cell watches and driving electric cars are in vogue in the city .
- Our village has only 200 citizens , therefore the amount of rubbish produced in year is insignificant to the environment in our area .
The 90 minutes is the most enjoyed time of the week though because of the adrenalin rush that is associated with every thing that is done on the pitch .
Relaxing in the pool on a floating lounge chair enjoying cold lemonade is the ultimate experience .
The pie charts illustrate the amount of household earnings allocation within regular families in two different years ( 2000 and 2010 )
Before starting the practice you should warm up , you do n't want to cramp up , right ?
In every year , from January to July , the sales slightly increased and reached the peak at the third season , then it gradually slide back to the year 's bottom .
Innovative entrepreneurship can be perceived as a special process of creating , testing and implementing of the new products and materials , the new way of resource utilization and the new kind of management in business process to find advanced opportunities for ( non)commercial use .
We were talking about the last match , we were discussing our faults , when suddenly we heard a loud noise .
There are German championships every year and there is a league , too , where teams of 4 play against each other .
For example , United Nations has taken the decision to ban mandatory weapons against South Africa because of racial persecution policy . in brief , knowing each other and do more cooperation between countries it is to ways to avoid war for a better future .
They slept , at the next morning they light turned on , and they saw Fernanda standing in front of them very tired of waiting them , so she get angry with them and went to her room and she did n't come out from her room .
Not only the government should make laws to control the situation but also we should do our best not to create more pollution .
When you drive your own transport , a car for example , you going to from a specificlly place but in a bus you go to the bus stop and no to your house or school , work ...
But in spite of this , sometimes journalists can be too insistent , trying to get at as much information as possible .
From now on , I will save my money to turn all my vacations into my dream vacations .
I think this period when we start to write is magical , because we can access an entire new communication world .
The " green " organisations want to believe the problem is serious and that radical political solutions are needed .
Also , this year Caceres is the gastronomic capital , therefore they will find typical menus with products of Extremadura in its restaurants .
In my view , the public transport will keep on offering their services , and will never be effected by the appearance of private means .
I would like to apply for the job as a security guard for the Openair Frauenfeld as advertised in your Facebook - post from the 18th of July .
To share and learn child - rearing tips with other parents , my wife joins the SPCC monthly book club .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise ... There was a large box standing in front of the door , addressed to me , while I had never received packages before !
A few hours , he was walking by a garden , and suddenly , he saw the most beautiful flowers that he has ever seen , so he picked them up .
As for my experience with children , I have been a counselor for the last two years in a summer camp .
In Brazil also there is this difference between the public and the intimate space , yet the magnitude of this is not the same of the U.S.
If someone wants to start birdwatching , I think he should be interested in birdwatching first .
I am not as patient as a teacher has to be with all his students although only some of them are naughty .
My mom 's name is Katarina and she likes to sing , she turns 50 this year .
A few years ago , I had also the chance to work for 1 year in a school for disabled children and youth in a rural area of Ghana .
Now you know what my favourite book is so you can almost guess what my favorite movie is … Of course Harry Potter .
For example , near Prague is castle called Karlštejn where lived Karel IV . or castle called Buchlovice which is on south - east of your country near the city Uherské Hradiště .
It 's always great to hear from you and I hope that everything is going well .
For instance , when you stay at university class or something like that , you should remember how much time you have to do it .
Suffering as well as death is pushed away from our real life - we do n't want to experience them but rather watch it on different kinds of TV shows .
The best advice I can give for a newbie is to do not go the gym at all without knowledge .
The course would be three times a week only , and fully paid by the Polish government .
On the other hand , today we are forced to share a transport with other people due to economic problems that our country is facing .
Saving time in the mornings allows you to sleep more or to spend more time with your family .
-Are you ok ? - She says , a little bit afraid of his forthcoming word .
However , it is also remarkable that there are proper times to talk on the phone , and proper times to learn .
As soon as the professor entered the classroom , he was surprised to see that it was completely full .
It is difficult for us to imagine a world in which there are not cars like we are used to see .
Environmental problems today are more worrisome , if we not do something for our planet , in a few years we will suffer the consequences .
If you prefer to walk around and get a feeling for the town 's culture , you should go to one of both historic town centers .
The first thing I learnt was that we are destroying the Earth and , especially , the oceans .
If you have strong neves , do your window shopping in Bahnhofstrasse in Zürich .
The professor contradicts the idea by saying that will not solve the pollution problem , because it requires to be purified in order to be used .
The use of public transport takes more time than using the car , which can be considered as a waste of time .
There are many pros and cons but for sure we ca n't say that there is no future for public transport .
Travelling by car may be more convenient on an individual basis but pollution is a danger we have to face .
For me it is easier and faster way to buy what I want , often in better price .
During the process people works a lot their legs , mixing different positions and speeds , And the most important thing , the musis is always running .
Let me know if you enjoy yout tour and take lots of photos ( I want to see them soon )
Suddenly I felt a warm hand that touched my shoulder and very slowly turn but the only thing I saw was a shadow that was holding a knife
But in the near future most of us will have to deal with it and therefore be forced to make dramatic changes in our lives in order to survive .
We might go to the most representative places of Mexico such as : Templo mayor , Cancún , Acapulco , among many others .
In 1966 , Hans Feurer travelled to Africa , during which trip he decided to become a photographer .
How does Shakespeare make ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' magical ?
He appealed to the experts in political circles in the United States to invest more money in public transportation and improving security in the ways of the infantry in cities and make them more attractive to encourage people to use public transport .
The President of the United States of America Mackinley says that , regarding Cuba , he will not meddle until December .
The amusement park and aqua park are located close the centre so you do n't have to go far away .
Many believe that it is innocent and inviting , while others believe it is that of smugness and is a smirk .
The couple have 4 kids and after separation , 2 kids live with their mom and 2 with their dad .
If you like to bet and you 're not used to doing at horse races , maybe you 're looking forward to trying to bet on the nose or each way .
The main advantage of it is that the ocean is always near at hand , no matter in what part of the town you are .
As a result , I could be very helpful in oranising sports and activities but I could also provide assistance in other places including kitchen .
Overall , people are divided in what they think about the most important invention in the world and what changes these objects make to the world and humanity , I still think that the computer is the most important invention because it not only changes one part of the history like the parper or the wheel , it changes every aspect of the human 's life .
Firstly , the car option is the best one in comfort , because you do not depend on a specific time to travel and modern cars have the best technology in equipment and facilities .
For example , developing countries can not protect the environment because of their poverty , low incomes , and population illiteracy .
I guess because I 've been practicing for such long time , I do n't agree in either case .
Do n't you remember how you cheer me up when things could n't get any worse ?
And we 're a pretty good team because all of my cooking led to many evenings spent together in our kitchen .
It is generally accepted that television is providing us by far the best and easiest way to stay in touch with the whole world , while relaxing on our sofa , taking some time off from our housework .
So , are the members of my family my best friends?I'll answer you : there 's not much better answer than Yes !
A weakness I would like to eliminate is that I often think or say " I do that later " and never doing it or say the same thing when it 's time to do that .
People usually tell me I 'm a cinema 's enthusiast , and they are in the correct way . I prefer to spend my free time watching a good film especially when it is a thriller than doing sport ,
After undergo this experience , I can totally understand their needs and I got my new goal of helping them in the future .
This exchange program will give me the required knowledge that I can use effectively to develop Ukrainian society .
It 's nice to hear about you , as soon as you arrived there are some secure options to you .
So I switched off the projector , took out my white board pen , dusted off my flash cards and reverted back to traditional methods of teaching .
When I was a child , about four or five years old , my father teaches me what was football , and I loved it but , I really liked the goalkeepers , why I like football since childhood .
Besides that , you should also sleep between 8 - 10 hours per night , so that your body can function effectively .
In recent years , many nations are developing their own economy rapidly , and it takes that many areas of farmlands and forests are being cut down to build a better and bigger house and a more convenient transportation system .
For instance , when I was three years old I used to be captivated for all the toys which were presented on tv commercials just because the way they were exposed .
As a result of useful activities putting theory into practice , you will have a better chance to achieve your goal .
At the end , the kind of live that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help the people to have a more comfortable , easier and faster way of live , but this will be only to meke more money and consume more and more , also the things will be faster of waste to make the people to change their apparel more often and create a consumerism .
Thus , the induced vasodilation may affect both systolic and diastolic blood pressure after the exercise .
They became to know each other because they both joined the same sports team , and then after exercised and played together ; they finally become two enviable friends .
As he grew wiser and stronger , Michael still always had this hope that his mother would wake up .
Eating a balanced diet is something very important for anyone especially for pregnant women , children and old people as their bodies need more nutrition than younger people .
I think that I deserve to have a job here because with my swimming and climbing knowledge I can entertain the children .
If I were a tourist , I would like to have a great shopping guide with an enormous variety of shops .
Kortrijk is a small town , located in the northern part of Belgium .
To sum - up , I think television is a very good value for money , the point is being able to choose what we want to watch .
--Sorry , my friend , but I 'm not gon na face my husband again .
After my studies I did a master in cultural sciences at the University of Maastricht .
Play squash is an awesome activity and is easy to learn , I love that this game is very fast and you do a lot of exercise .
First of all , I consider very important to learn a second language and English is a very used one around the world .
There are four main characteres the owner 's hotel a moody man and his bossy wife , and the workers a pleasant maid and a Spanish waiter who does n't speak English .
In this story , we can learn that strength of will is important for us to do something important in our daily life .
If you want to start playing badminton you should look for a badminton club near by and should sign up for a training class .
You will be able to see ancient and modern building such as theatres , churches , cathedrals and civil buildings built by the most famous artists in the entire world !
On the face of it it sounds childishly but I think it 's a good way to spend free time even for adults .
In conclusion , I think that social networks can constitute a big problem , especially for people who are not aware of what dangerous there are on the internet .
Hello I really want this job , because I 'm a happy person who enjoy nature , travel around the wold , and have a lot of friends .
But I hope one day go to a tournament , travel to Spain and watch my favourite player who is Rafael Nadal from Spain .
Finally , latest movies are based on cruel , bad , dirty and strong character ! Enjoy them !
Nowadays , parents take their children everywhere by car , whereas they would have to go everywhere by bike or by foot twenty years ago .
The groups I was in charge of mostly consisted of people from ages 6 to 12 , although I once had the chance to work with a group of young adults as well .
Meanwhile , the Australian education and study system is easier and more enjoyable than Vietnamese system .
Thus , I would argue that driving a car requires much attention and understanding that careless behaviour on the road can make a serious damage to other people .
As a result of having shared many experiences together , I have come to know her and her abilities very well .
While we are there , we not only want to look at the many attractions in the city , but we would like to visit some of the beautiful places nearby , so we are looking for a reasonable priced hotel , in the city centre , with good transport links .
On the other hand , teenagers are becoming more dependent on cellphones , video games and television which make them being more sedentary .
I am also a great organizer ; therefore , I can be such a great help with the evening and sports activities .
The circuit is characterised by long straights and chicanes which makes it possible to achieve high - speeds .
It 's very handy because I read the newspapers online and for free , but only the Spanish papers .
I did nt know what i was going to find at the end of my hunt but this idea made the situation even more exciting .
The dad , who is a cardiologist moves to US and starts a new life there .
Hence the reason I am very interested in this opportunity to coach sports to children during this summer .
I combined readings on theory and literature that addressed issues of print with visits to local historical museums and archives .
It not only helps reducing pollution , but also allows users to save money , in a world where the cost of gasoline is exponentially increasing .
In the end , the government changed the law , encouraging people to provide non - smoking areas .
The name Colosseum spread only in the Middle Ages , in Ancient times it was used for gladiators shows and for other public shows .
To conclude , giving information about support that they can receive from the government , and skills is very helpful way to solve homelessness in Japan .
A survey about the kind of customers for our product revealed that most of them are young adults .
So sport is my hobby , a nice method of having a rest , spending some new unusual life .
The series had a great appeal on many countries , which is demonstrated by the eight seasons that were produced .
There are two underground floors for parking , which can get a bit crowded at peak seasons , but which are very reasonably priced .
Another example of why lives are gon na changed completely in 50 years is because also that connection between others cultures make People concern more about her own health , the expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because everyday will be easier to see how much are we hearting the earth so we will see faster the impacts that this brings to our life .
- If you had a surgery or an injury , you should keep moving your shoulder joint within a limit even if it is painful .
I had to wait for two months to buy a new pair of skates , but this time it is aggressive skates .
The artist wanted to represent the difference between the ecological recycling of plastic compared to the common collection of trash .
Secondly , public transportation usually very crowded and make us not feel safe since there is an opportunity for us to be theft .
Well , I 'm sorry but , although I studied French when I was young , I have forgotten almost all .
By looking at current situation of people 's lives , we can imagine the changes that can occur in future .
Teens should not drink under the legal drinking age because the teen could get into trouble with the law , the teen could cause harm themselves and others and can have a higher risk of alcohol dependancy later in there lives .
A feminine gay man is considered as lesser than his masculine counterpart , because femininity is regarded as weak , unattractive , and second - class .
Firstly , there is a benefit of globalization that people can buy some special products from various countries on the internet instead of buying in the production site .
Suddenly Spencer came to the barn , again and told her friends that she had n't seen Allison , instead she thought she 'd heard her scream .
The pizza has a really soft base , a lot of tomato sauce and fresh leaves of basil .
Let me explain my reasons , when you drive your car you can take it from your garage or in the main door of your house and it gets you whatever you want , but on the other hand if you take public transport it will be much more uncomfortable because you must catch the bus in the bus stop ... where is your nearest bus stop ?
If their living areas are occupied by housing and other buildings , their source of food and water could be a serious problem .
From 1st Qtr to 4th Qtr the sales increased by $ 350 .
Other people like sports too , but they only watch sports competitions , listen to sports news .
I 'm grateful I can bear my sickness and live with it , because others ca n't .
To conclude , the world has a complicated issue , so The governments and the charitable organization must take a quick decision and put a real solution to solve this problem .
During the studies , I went abroad to the University of Paris where I studied political sciences and international management .
This is a short report which will include my recommendation about the most interesting places in my town for them to enjoy .
If you are a good browser you may find some original souvenirs of Cracow to take home with you .
She was ready to leave but something inside her was telling her to stay , the boat was very resistant but not enough to travel for days and maybe weeks across the ocean , she was afraid .
On the other hand though , people can become anti social , just because of the lack of real face to face meetings .
I believe I suitable for this job , because I enjoy working with children and I know to cook very well .
I am interested in the job because this would be an opportunity of spending my summer in a more fun way .
The body parts that help you to get a big angle is your toes , knees , hips and shoulders .
It does n't seem but it was hard work but after the concert the manager praised us for doing good job .
In the end , he manages to meet the traveller and find out where the shot is .
Next question we talked about the following question:'Does it have too much effect on models ? ' They did n't have to think about their opinion , they all directly said ' Yes ' .
I 've been searching for a lot of stuff we could visit once I got there , for example Piccadilly Circus .
Trash distribution , using green products that repect the ozone layer , not wasting water and many other actions .
The film I 'd like to talk about is " Secret Life of Walter Mitty " .
One more interesting fact is that , both the lovers in the play were Italians but their playwright had never been to Italy .
Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe , in fact there is some important tournament where participate all important Europe team , They are called " Champions League " and " Europa League".football is a team sport in fact in this sport participate everyboby without exclude nobody .
How can I start ? should i start with speaking about myself or about my country or about my family or about my life ?
So , I need to have a good vocabulary to understand the materials I find on the Internet .
Finally , to make a decision to not go in a university when you finish the high school , is n't the easiest action to make .
This happens because , not only we live in a big cities but also we have no time to waste .
Apart from keeping our city clean by reducing waste , we also dedicate ourselves to building a green city .
As Michael heard the sound of breaking glass , he ran up to his mother 's office .
The year was 2012 and I had n't written anything until that day - I just had been translating some stories and once even subtitles for a Korean movie from English and Spanish .
In conclusion , I feel that not only the ground for the low level of fitness of today 's youth , but also the clue to get youngsters fitter , lies in the modernity .
80% of the game is mental , you have to think what move you should do next what the rest of the team is up to .
I consider I am a fun , communicative and responsible person with experience in this kind of activities , and who can help in all the things you need .
Afterwards the crowd of people is ramming me , when I 'm trying to walk .
Nowadays , this palace is one of the most visited places here in Spain because of its beauty and its impressive courtyards .
In the motivation part I also received high score in need of challenges as I prefer to take difficult projects because I believe that they might develop my knowledge and abilities .
The result are insincere , misleading and often deceitful messages that our minds are saturated with .
They know nothing of those who have not been recognized and that may have been completely erased from history , and therefore can not be used as an opposite example .
You know last week Alex and I went to my favorite band concert , it was really fun , the whole band line up played about an hour and a half , it seemed to me like just a few minutes .
I like Doctor Who because time travel has always caught my attention , also I like it because the plot is incredible , something that happened on season one can be connected with some of the last episodes .
Furthermore , they also like going abroad to visit important and famous cities around the world , like Paris , Madrid , New York .
I would like to take part of your staff so please let me know if I can work with you !
I pack my backpack , take my garbage bag and look around my room for one last time to make sure : I do n't forget anything . I go downstairs and put the garbage bag into the trash bin .
This is the effect of a reduction in the cost of production ; less production cost allows the producer to reduce the price of his goods while maintaining the initial profit .
In the last ten years technology have made a big jump and thanks to the Internet we can search everything whenever we want .
I love playing sports , singing , swimming , doing handcrafts , and cooking as well . I enjoy teamwork , and I always share new ideas and good experiences with my colleagues .
traveling by car or any other personal vehicle is too much more convenient because it takes too much less time and it takes us directly to the place where we want to go .
On the other hand , doing sports is healthy , despite the fact that there are risky sports that can cause several health problems and could lead you to death , only watching sports seems safer .
Also , it is very important to remember that we have always the possibility to choose what we want to watch and when .
In France , where the film is made , they call the handicapped , " White Butterflies " , which is definitely a better nomenclature than " People With Special Needs " and so many dishonored names .
I recently tried to ask you some questions through your " Ask Me " section in your site , but it said :
The aim of this report is to explain the way our Community have decided to preserve the nature of our town and which other activities could be useful in order to achieve this purpose .
One of the latest film I have seen is Silver Linings Playbook , played by Bradley Cooper and Jennifer Lawrence .
There are a lot of disadvantages of being a star , of witch normal people do n't realised for example not having a private life .
Beyond my academic disciplines , I have consistently taken up some active roles at university and outside school to further develop my interpersonal and leadership skills .
It gives me the feeling that most important of teaching is doing all the exercises in the book and getting all the work done .
The language used in this spell contains many references to nature ( ' Venus ' and ' Sky ' ) .
I am the right person to do the job as I have always been interested in different kinds of food .
Besides yoga , most of them also have numerous other interests , like hiking , jogging , and baking .
When she came back from school , her parents and all her classmates were hiding in a living room and waiting for her .
But because Sweden accept so many people to flee to Sweden from the wars in the northern parts of Africa and the southwest parts of Asia .
" Michael " she called " your friend Tom is here looking for you , could you please come down ? "
If we choose the appropriate kind of advertising for our product I can assure you that we will succeed .
I like walking in the morning every day and I enjoy doing it with my own or with my friends , and because it 's very useful for my health and also it keeps my body healthy and full of energy .
For example , when fan follow the cab , she or he could be hurt , because the traffic is really unpredicable or when there is a huge mass of fans , they could hurt each other .
Only through this cultural education combined with other ways , could they keep their government generation by generation as they expected .
When you came out to the road you need to go straight until you reach a restaurant , then you must go to the left where you would find a big square with swings and slides .
In order to be fit , you can run or ride a bike for two or three weeks and after that , you are going to be prepared to play football .
I have never seen such scenery like that in my country since the climate in South China is humid and hot .
Can you imagine that we were a bit disappointed when we read your plans to build a second sauna cabin beside the swimming bath ?
I think the most beautiful building that I have visited is the " Monumento a La Bandera " .
So , if you need a person like me , I would like to work with young people .
I understand that you required for peoples have good English , energetic , cheerful and hardworking , who that are able to look after children among 8 and 12 , help organise sports and evening activities as work in the kitchen .
This is also relevant to the notion of stance and position or the existence of author in the text .
When she entered the house , a man was looking at her with a bad face , when suddenly this man shot with a gun to Alison father .
Regarding the soundtrack , I can only say that since I saw the film I can not help singing every song all the time .
I would have to probably be three times as big as I am to even begin to qualify for something like that but , yeah , I enjoy watching it a lot .
Some people might argue that it is always parents who take care of the pets most of the time , instead of children themselves .
We regularly go to parks , libraries , museums , visit the countryside together , and occasionally go on family holidays overseas .
However , a smooth transition to the new approach is still necessary to overcome the massive education - related challenges Spain will have to face in the upcoming years .
She has twuenty seven dresses of maid of honor , meantime , she call in love with a boy who is very handson , but he is working in a magazine and he has written about weddings in the city , he is a good writer , and she unknowns that .
When the woman left , I opened it eagerly and when I read the first sentence my heart stopped .
Emoticons replace emotions , chats replace calls , usernames replace people .
People 's lives will not change if they do n't change themselves .Everyone want to improve his life to be better but how without doing anything . we must to start with education and healthy which are most important things to be better .
But there are some problems like these - how will drive a lot of people who do n't like to drive or ca nt drive because he has some problems with the health .
This was a chocolate theme dessert with bamboo charcoal ice cream , chocolate ice marshmallow , chocolate caviar and raspberry sorbet .
One may suggest that everyone need to learn to assess the risk before invest , however , teaching students how to assess not assessing for students is the responsibility of educational institutions .
I watched till they DRAG him away , and then everything got quiet again as it there was nobody , so I 'm sure the cops will ENFORCE the guy who did this .
Life is beautiful was recipient of numerous awards including three Oscars as for best foreign picture , best actor and best original dramatic score .
Although I like playing with kids of all ages , I think that I will have more things to do with the kid between ages 8 - 10 , because I find myself more open with kids between those ages .
What 's more , not only increases it the pollution , but also turns out to be dangerous for our sense of hearing .
So money , today , are really important in our life and in this case rich people are very lucky .
And then I always have a lot of promises to keep , and it also makes me too busy to keep them .
For the Brazilian elite it is unacceptable that Lula , a poor migrant from northern Brazil , overshadowed all the presidents and most politicians of their own , priviliged , university educated and careless about the real Brazilian problems .
Michael however , made a living off his fights , at a young age Michael was attacked and mugged in the street so he started taking martial arts lessons lest he be bullied again .
And what about those open - hearted quotes , love songs and poetic opinions he shares on his wall ?
Sarah was not exactly the coolest girl in the school but she came anyways , thinking that maybe for once she would be accepted in their group ... but no one was to be seen behind that window .
I am available for interview on Monday morning next week and i am looking forward to hearing from you soon
However , as I tend to be set in my ways sometimes I can appear a know - it - all or too pragmatic .
I can show you the downtown , some of the most important museums like " La Casa del oro " or The national Museum .
So people often prefer using the car and paying for oil instead of the bus ticket but having more advantages : not to be constricted to wait for the buses and not to have to take a taxi in the night when they come back from the disco , for example ..
One year ago Robert Stromerg directed " Maleficent " , from the film " Sleeping beauty " .
I do believe that the members of my family are my best friends for many reasons.first of all , we got the same education as we grew together we know each other .
It is very hard to lead a normal life , when you have to think all day long , about what you say , what you wear and first of all , what you do .
Travelling farther down he found his destination , a small steep staircase covered in dust and shrouded in a mist like fog .
In this faculty I faced some problems with my english , I began to ask " How can I improve my english ? "
By the way , if you can send me a list of job vacancies in your city it would be great .
On Sunday , my family and I went to Causeway Amador then to Albrook Mall .
Last but not least , we could create an association that could be in charge of receiving books at the beginning .
if you like scary thrillers this movie is the one for you to watch , i do n't remember it very well , but it is also mysterious so you are going to like that one
A closer look at the pie chart reveals that over - grazing was the most important reason why land was so degraded , with the highest percentage of 35% .
Kinta Kenneth was a captured slave from Naima Juffera .
It adapts perfectly to the theme of the movie , with a little bit of jazz manouche , a popular genre amongst European gypsy communities , and reminiscences of Mexican folklore , as the recipes Vianne Rocher prepares in the ' chocolaterie ' are a heritage from her Maya ancestors .
You must wait for the right time of departure and you must be at the departure point at due time , which implies getting to that specific place by any other means of transport .
As a result , in order to be sure that he could get the same love from mother like other children , his father married another woman .
Learners are normally taught in their mother tongue , and are given grammar rules , which they then apply to the language they are learning .
I think public transport is paramount nowadays , but the future will deliver us some kind of different means of transport , such as the car , yes , a car we have been using all our lives .
In addition to this I go to the gym three times a fortnight and I took swimming lessons for 3 years .
2.3 BREAKTHROUGHS IN THE TWENTIETH CENTURY
When you are in a space that you feel comfortable being around other people that you do not know , this space is your personal territory .
In other words could be said that if we have more free time our lifes would become better because we can enjoy with friends and do thigs with our family .
Sitting in the bus can also be quite relaxing , especially considering the heavy traffic during rush hours .
That is why it is recommended to wait until you finish university to look for a job .
I am a teacher in a High School and the authorities in my country let me stay there , improving my English .
I reckon it 's a quite expensive sport , but if your parents give you a pocket - money , you will not have any problems .
What I liked most was that you think you know what is going to happen but for your surprise it always turns up for something unexcepted .
You usually have to commute to work and it takes you several hours per week to get to your office .
If you ask me why I enjoy my favourite sport so much , I would n't hesitateto answer .
I am writing to apply for the job of summer camp assistant which I saw advertised in the " Daily mail " .
The material processes show some actions that the girl would like to erase because them only make emotional abuse to the man .
In fact , usually there is just one class per week , and it is not enough without studying by itself during the week .
Finally , cooking is a hobby of mine and I would be happy to work in the kitchens too .
For today 's teenagers it is hard to imagine life before mobile phones although it did exist only some decades ago .
I love this restaurant because the food is really good is the tastiest food that I have eaten .
The second one is very important too because society has changed a lot as well as the people 's mind .
The " Mariahilferstraße " is the perfekt place for people that want to avoid overcrowded malls .
For example , comfortable seats , system support for the handicap or physical disability , time capture that help people to know the fix time when the bus come , as well as security support that help people to be more confident to travel .
It is not only one of the most important monuments in the whole country but also a beautiful place to visit .
On the other hand , personally speaking , I 've always felt amazed by the attraction of concerts over large audiences , thereby in my opinion , the second text offers a good reasons to explain this phenomenon .
She works in a restaurant as the head chef and she 's dating with a man twenty years older than her .
We worked all summer in the weight room and ran on the track to get in physical and mental shape before the season .
Through your job posting , I 'm informed that you are looking a person for working in summer camps USA .
Moreover , we developed projects with multidisciplinary teams for the following institutions : the Colombian Ministry of Health , and the World Bank with excellent results .
The importance of cleanliness around us is not understood till it takes a toll on our health .
A lot of us , just turn the engine of our cars without considering walking up to the bus stop .
From this point every human have the ability to buy a car and also buy his rest he will not hesitate to do it .
It was an interesting experience to go to the cinema to my class and see in a film what I have studied during the Italian lesson and understand better the stories of Boccaccio , one of the most important Italian writer .
Lionel was a black and white cat , and it was a very funny , fast and sweet aminal .
In this area you can find many facilities such as two swimming pools , a tennis and a volleyball court .
As far as I am concerned , I think Spanish government should implement health programmes and advertisement campaigns in order to improve health in young population .
Since cars are affordable nowadays , a family can have more than one that make the number of car growing rapidly but they do not think further about the negative side effects that a car has .
When the weather is good I often go out with my friend for a walk in the countryside or do shopping .
Old people and other weak people would n't be able to push and fight to get their turn .
Another problem is if your mobile is stolen , the thief can access all your personal life , he can check your e - mail , see your photos , etc .
But what I love best are the afternoons with my favourite cousin , Sara , and his brother , Luke .
It is a fact that the public is getting worse year by year specially here in Peru , however we have to think about the benefits that public transport has , for instance it can be a cost - effective way to get to work , so there will be no space for public transport in the future ?
Antonio Banderas made an excellent work acting as a desperate leader committed with the local people .
I think the welcoming process in the beginning is crucial for this fellowship we have today and probably in 10 years too .
I play football for Waitakere college school first eleven as a deffender and I enjoy playing that position because it is easy for me to play .
Nobody would argue the significance and effectiveness of modern technology , having revolutionised all spheres of human lives by providing a great number of remarkable virtues , such as massproduction , information and communication devices as well as medical and scientific breakthroughs .
We have got a small train station in Tui , so we can go to a lot of places by train .
Four days later , he suddenly passed away , and the day became our last memory together .
From 1st Qtr to 2nd Qtr the sales increased by $ 100 .
While you are with me , you will do curriculum vitae and after we will travel around my country and we will become a good workerds .
We explicitly point out that this report is compulsory to proceed with the necessary arrangements for the deposit of the thesis .
" He will be our ticket to the main building and to the exam " he said .
To sum up I believe that people lives will change a lot because everything will evolve .
Although many countries do not offer a good public transport service , once people get rid of cars there will be more money for the improvements .
I think my town really take care of the environment , because there are a lot of parkｓ in this town and these are very clean .
I am writing to You in connection with Your request for information on an interesting building or place to visit in Katowice .
However , eating is for us a tradition that puts the families together and recipes are handed down from generation to generation .
My town is called Assuit . the People here , have no knowledge about how to use their rubbish.people throw their rubbish everywhere . on the other hand , we haven't any kind of law , that can limit that action ; I mean rubbish throwing .
Usually , in these types of songs , the performers describe actions in the relationships as well as at the end of it .
First of all , formal education is essential for employees , it is considered as a fundamental basis of any practical job .
Anna looked again toward the audience , where her the best fans in the world were sitting - her parents , friends , coach and friends .
Particularly when we talk about everyday running from shop to shop to buy lettuce , meat or a tooth paste .
However , a car is not always more economical to run because for example , you have to pay road taxes , insurance , and motor tests .
The other one is original brand manufacturer , like htc , they produce a lot of new smartphones and sell it .
We have diversified harvest like in the rest of the world , not only in the houses but also in every public building .
Some said that he would be played by others famous British actors but others thought that an actress should play the new role .
As a conclusion , there is a future for public transport and it also convenient to use it for travelling .
We hope to receive a positive answer soon , and again , I thank you for your time and interest .
Thirdly , we have to keep in mind the instruments for assessment and evaluation we are going to use .
I had been adoring the sea and dreaming about it when I had never seen it before , never heard it before , but definitely felt it not by skin but my heart .
Now from books , movies , I knew some of the most influence movements , I know Martin Luther King , Jr. was more than an activist and a public speaking man .
One day many years ago in something place that a do n't remember the name I woke up one morning more earlier than usual then I went to the kitchen and shout the name of my mother ... but no one answered , and the first thing that I imagine is that they come to the town , quickly I went out to find they ...
Because of my work , I have to write all the time to my students , to my colleagues and to the academic community in general .
Indeed people can get bored while sailing , if they just sit and do n't interact with the rest of the crew ,
I need that my employees are punctual and that they have responsibility in their job because we are talking about the money of the company .
However , sometimes , when I am thinking about my future , it is hard to imagine what is waiting for me .
He seemed the most pacific man in the world , so I was n't afraid .
In 1990 the Colosseum was put into the list of the heritage of humanity UNESCO while in 2007 it was included among the new Seven Wonders of the World .
Is national music more important than foreign music , which is heard all over the world ?
I am writing to congratulate on the excellent Dumplings Festival which I attended in Cracovie last November .
He send an e - mail to the tour company explaining his situation and sudden interest in this project .
After the concert we had to clear the concert area as there was a lot of mess around !
I have been playing tennis since I was a teenager and for that reason tennis is my favourite sport .
! if,(one day)I will have the possibilty to do it I will go to distant galaxies and I will see how the universe began .
This was followed by the deforestation , with 30% , while over - cultivation had 28% .
If we take out the cost factor , there is not a single reason for anyone to travel through public transport .
We consult Tripadvisor , we die for positive ratings and we increasingly forget to care about simple things .
I am confident that my teaching experience and my research interests make me an ideal candidate for your open position .
To be honest I take the finals exams like a challenge and it becomes exciting for me and I think I learn a lot if I have pressure and the most of the times I have good grade .
It was a citadel inside of Granada where the monarch of the Emirate of Granada and his court lived .
Regarding my academic experience , I am currently completing my degreee in Primary Teaching and Psycology at the University of Valencia , Spain , where my current speciality is in misbehavioral children .
My techer said that public transport has not future in our society , because travelling by car si so much more adecuate , never the less I am disagree with her opinion because if we use public tranposrt we will pollute less .
If you are crazy about fashion but your budget is really short , there are a lot of second - hand shops where you can buy a lot with a little money .
That is the reason why our class attended a panel discussion on this specific topic .
On the other hand , five years in school are not superficial because now there are not only the military subjects but also the engineering subjects .
Not to mention that driving a car means you are responsible for your passengers ' life and it is less about convenience even if travelling by car means you do n't need to adjust to other passengers .
My fascination about those people is that they fought for their people 's rights , black race 's rights , in a world of white people treating them as slaves and bullying them .
They even have a football stadium , so if you want to do that as well , let me know .
One night , they were sleeping in a barn and when Aria woke up , Spencer and Allison were gone !
We live in a time of acquisitiveness and people buy many things , even if they ca n't afford it .
Good sheets are cut into separate bank notes , then packed and dispatched to other place , comparing with which , the bad ones have to be destroyed securely .
I like almost all music , but right now I listen to Calvin Harris most of the time .
Even though there have been many efforts to make people use their car less , we have to admit that this battle is already lost .
If a person constantly uses his / her car , he / she shall need to pay for more petrol .
I 've just finished my teacher degree and I have experience in schools , could you send me any webpage where I can find more information about how to apply for a job in the UK ?
Everyone should remember , " Nature has enough resources to satisfy our needs , not our greed . "
I can speak English and German and I am a really hardworking girl , always happy and cheerful with everybody .
One day before this new law was established , a crazy scientist created a new waffle , " the great , furry waffle .
Recently when I was in youtube I saw a movie trailer , the film appeared so good and days later my friends told me if I wanted to go them to the cinema , so I decided to go and luckily they had decided to see the film that days before I had seen .
After many years , we still share the same kind of sweets we shared the first day we met .
If you come here on February , you will enjoy a lot in Cadiz with the carnival .
You can imagine that it is really traumatic for divers when they encounter a corpse in the water , not to mention the great distress such a disaster gives to the family that was left behind .
The island was flood but the island had a levee that prevent a flooding then in many year a engineers star constructing a building to had more money then in the city put many advertising in all thing : ball , balloon , movies , etc .
If we do so , we can see the massive difference in our lives from the people living 50 years back .
However , I find shopping with my mother pleasant and easy , as we have the same interests and tastes .
Another point where I 'm pleased about is that our town is kept clean by a special group of employees of our community .
We had won three free plane tickets to Rome in a competition , and we were looking forward to our trip for months .
In my opinión , if you want to start to do this sport you could write a team . moreover , I think that it is good because you could help to lose wight .
Avoiding traffic jams , construction sites , accidents and other obstacles you may being affected by may result in a lower amount of time spent travelling .
The movie 's main plot describes the early years of our starring , a poor orphan , which takes advantage of his powerful smell sense to find out new jobs .
Additionally , a politician from Philadelphia , USA was elected after take advantage of his Twitter account appropriately during his campaign .
If you do n't like films that make you think , this film is not for you .
Many crimes such as pickpocketing , eve teasing , violence , etc take place in public transport .
First is to design the note , including background color , artwork and security issues .
I discovered the English language when I was eight , and that amazed me so much that one year later I started to take a course .
When I was almost three years old , my parents moved to Indonesia because of their work circumstances .
in a car accident , when she her what happened with her brother she was so nervous then the miracle happened she found a big suitcase in the train she decided to open the bag because no one was in the train so she opened the bag she surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
Moreover , I think that it should become a reality because the field of the activity is so broaden and it could be useful in other plenty scope even in your daily routine .
I find it appreciable : I really love to talk to the people I 'm eating with .
She 's like my best friend ; always advising me on what is good or bad .
For example , psychologists are convinced that red is a colour which stimulates people 's appetite and makes them feel hungry .
At the present time , modern Science is providing some evidence of a real beneficial effect of garlic consumption in human health .
It was time to escape , even though his mother would find out who ate it eventually .
I think it 's okay because the purpose of you doing that is to train the citizen to be more responsible for what they did . and , I think it 's enough from me .
How are you ? You know , it has been a long time since we have met each other why do n't we go to the cinema .
Since microbiology was yet studied , people at that time could not distinguish between clean and polluted water .
Tom friend of Peter suddenly fainted fell down in the class room I do n't know what to do immediately , first calm down yourself and I checked his pulse beat it is okay , then I knew that he is out of danger so I called my classmates everyone rushing to the spot but still he is not moving so we decide to take him into the hospital or call the ambulance , finally we call the ambulance without ant delay .
It 's very important , because if you do n't do that , so it 'll never work .
Last year I passed the FCE exam with a grade A , which is evidence for my excellent English skills .
A little boy called Lucky Wang , however , was not so lucky as his name suggested .
I feel very strongly that the daily exercise is a basic definition which we must keep if we want to be on shape .
I really hope this " hiatus " , this is how they called their break , they can be happy and spend time together without fake girlfriends , managers or the media around them .
Well , I 'm writing to tell you that this summer I 'm going to the UK , and I 'd like to hang out with you some time !
Should my application be successful , I am available for interview whenever it is convenient .
The weather changes due to Oberon and Titania 's argument , which makes ' contagious fogs'(2:1:90 ) and ' hoary - headed frosts'(2:1:107 ) .
Our mother earth has suffered from air pollution for a long period of time which leads to greenhouse effect and the rise of the average sea level .
chase the childish dream of visiting a foreign country and get to know new aspects of life .
It is well - paid although you have to spend hours and hours under the sun , but it 's a good idea .
In modern growing world , The basic needs of general public are increasing day by day and their expectations on quality of life took a new dimensions .
The boy soon becomes friends with the psychologist , and he started noticing plenty of things about this exceptional boy .
A large number of examples prove that some of them are good at language whereas others are skilled in mathematics .
On the other hand , the author should provide profound discussion why people come to Central Plaza do n't shop there .
To sum up I feel rather confident to assume this position and thank you for considering my application .
Also , in summer , almost all the snow on Mt Fuji melts and it changes to brown and green colors .
If you like hiking , you could explore mountains in Java : Semeru , Ranu Kumbolo , Bromo , etc .
That week I felt happy and relaxed but I was a little bit sad when we returned in Italy .
I am next to someone who knows what happened to make the big bang , he sees atoms and electrons and even knows what they are .
I 'm friendly , open mind and quite easy going guy who live in one of the most beautiful city of Russia - St. Petersburg .
I believe that knowing more languages is always better . that way people have a lot more culture and are more knowledgeable .
Despite the fact that it seems hard , kitesurfing is one of the easiest water sports !
She makes a great food to us , I like to cook with her and eat from her hand ;
Once every year I ski with my ski club ( Täby slalomklubb ) in Switzerland .
In other words , taking care of pets is absolutely beneficial to children so long as they are given an opportunity .
I played my first match at 16 years old and i felled very special because i was 16 and i was capable of putting 3 goals .
Once again , Groban fascinates audiences from all over the world with his mature voice and catchy tunes .
More collaborative efforts should be paid to make use of the sound teaching strategies with the aim of improving the learning performance of NCS .
Once you have in mind by inviting others to get home and watch TV is what people expected !
It was enormous , with huge windows , white walls and with superb views of the sea and the shore .
I have graduated from Teacher Training University of Saint - Petersburg ( Russia ) , where I completed a degree in education .
Currently we have got more than six different types of banks in our streets but as far as I know it is not sufficient to meet the needs of the environment because nowadays we do produce a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced and we do only learn this education in our home in our childhood , accordingly I am one of the few worried teenagers in the world about it so I really do help the environments as far as I can .
The club 's cafeteria , locker rooms and bathrooms are too small for the number of members .
Ironically , the marginalization comes not only from society at large , but also from within the gay community .
In addition the car is one of the means most used not only its quickness but also because the cost of public transport is increasing every year .
He was wet , cold , starving and outside the weather had worsened , the road was flooded and the cars could n't pass .
Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Liu , C.and Yao , J.E. ( 2003 )
I am feeling wonderful and my promise is that when going to have a special occasion to go to a concert supported by Lala Band , you will be with me .
Her cherry red face glistened vigorously in the golden brown sunset like a perfectly baked pastry , as the last of the sun 's rays beamed down over the horizon .
At least once a month , usually on Sundays , my friends and I hold a competition .
To sum up , I do not consider my family to be my best friends and neither they do .
Especially in New Zealand , there are some beautiful islands and you can get to them by ferry easily .
She was weak , but preferred to be called fragile , as if that made a significant difference .
Having looked at both causes and effects of overweight among people , it is recommended that people take care of eating habits by reducing the intake of fast food and also take time out to exercise to lead a health lifestyle for their own benefit .
They climb the highest mountains , dive in the depths of oceans , and conduct dangerous experiments and all for the sake of science .
The problem is how to separate these two influences and how to find out which the strongest is in each case .
In Madrid , you can find clothes of the best desingners as Carolina Herrera , Dior and so on ...
That is one of our summerhouses I love to be there because when we are there we swim in the ocean and we fish crabs and just have a really fun .
Casar de Cáceres is located in the north of Cáceres , you can see a lot of amazing things in this spectacular villa .
To wrap up the article I 'd strongly recommend that young people to learn at least a new foreign language especially if you 're a student .
I compete in skiing and I think it 's very funny . I often go skiing in Åre , Vemdalen and in Ramundberget .
I think , it 's better and safer to go to Black sea , to Crimea or to Kuakas .
In the future you 'll have to spend a lot of money for the university , the new home and so on , and I think you should start saving money . I should do it too but it 's not simple , actually .
There are buses too , but I do not like them . Depend on the dot , there are traffic problems and you must wait a long time in a bus stop .
If there is anything that favors this restaurant , it has to be the quantity they serve ; a surely efficient quantity along the truly special quality leaves this restaurant as one of the best in town , if not in the whole country .
The professor , however , does n't think so because the the designs of the stone balls are too simple to show the important social status .
You have to be fast , if you want a seat to sit , sometimes the trains are full of people and you have to stand the whole way !
Both computer game and mobilephone have got internet , as a result , they have not got time the another traditional games .
This method made the class lively and gave the students a chance to really defend their points of view .
This treasure was used to finance a civil war that took place in the south of the country .
I graduated from my college in 2001 after that I got job in ministry of health and I have been working there since 2010 .
That transportation exerts a far - reaching influence on people 's daily routines and lifestyle is true .
The few houses themselves are set around a very old , Romanesque church , which is bordered by a traditional farmyard for growing sheep and cows .
In the middle of the summer we always go to Gotland and stay at a farm , in a little house .
I agree with that there is a lower demand for public transport in smaller cities and towns , but it does n't mean it has no future .
Unlike public transportation , one has to be responsible for his or her tool of transportation , and it could be expensive sometimes .
They would obviously be as healthy as possible and I would be really careful about those children who have allergies , and try to bake something that also them can eat .
She had a swimming pool , a little garden and a lovely bunny called " Suki " .
With the advancement of the automobile industry , public transport will not be considered as the first choice in the coming years .
So that I do not waste all the money in the winter that I have saved in the summer .
Whether to go to work or other places travelling in private vehicle is hassle free .
Thus , a person 's age should not be considered a universal precursor to the awarding of government jobs .
It 's best served when chilled , so better wait for a few more minutes before diving into it .
For example , if you play basketball and the ball is passed regularly then your team is more likely to win because passes cause confusion and exhaustion to the opponent team .
Travelling by car might be more pleasant but it can also be costly , for fuel can be very expensive depending on the current economy .
The cost of the waste disposal service depends only on the volume of non - reciclable waste produced .
Then I met with my friends and we had a nice evening drinking some beers in the pubs .
Chandler is the funny guy and he works as a stock agent .
His anxiety caught up to him every now and then but the good doctor had prescribed him a good remedy !
To my mind our lives has been improved in these years by smarphone , satnav , digital TV , Internet ..
Besides , my town 's institutions have allowed that some foreign enterprises or corporations could to take our own resources without demand that they be careful with environment .
Although it was not easy to get used to such teaching style , it did not take long for me to realise what teachers were expecting from us and why they were doing so .
It 's important to know what it 's happening in the world because it can enrich your knowledge culturally , politically , etc .
- There in a recycling facility near our village and 80 percent of the rubbish is being recycled .
I did n't have a long holiday , it was just for 3 days but these 3 days were the best in my life .
The idea of the sublime that Wordswoth had is considered by many as the standard idea of the Romantic sublime : forms of nature that inspire feeling of awe , danger or weakness .
With competition giving him no choice at all , the producer is forced to abide by the market equilibrium .
What I especially loved about my job there , was the opportunity to work in such a diverse group of people .
When you hear you are asked to help out in a concert of your favourite band , you ca n't refuse .
Finally , there is a very complex topic and both opinions have advantages and disadvantages , but it can be seen that the military situation is unstable in the world .
On the one hand , I think that the most significant is societal problems because they cause other problems including environmental one .
I am writing this e - mail because we want to hire your company to do the accounting of our company .
" It 's time for us to shine , " His handwritten words come to life in her mind .
On the other hand , it is difficult to focus and pay attention while you are in front of a TV screen .
There are certain procedures in the beginning of a class which encourages you to empty your mind and be ready for class .
Most teenagers ca n't understand that , and they think that the job of their parents is not difficult .
If you are tired you can stop at a petrol station or at a restaurant to relax yourself , and if in the car there are more passengers you can change with them , so you will feel less tired .
Therefore , education should be reachable for everyone , in my opinion , as long as possible , but only if the goal and possibilities are clear .
I have a few easy recepts , how you can be a well off £ 100 and how you can help the environment .
A good percentage of people think that everyone should take a year off between leaving school and start college .
I would like to take a meeting with you to explain to you my skills with more detail and also I 'll bring you a copy of my Curriculum Vitae .
I really enjoy soap opera I have seen a lot of them , but in my opinion de best one is an English one called fawlty Towers .
Anyway if you want to know my level I can tell you I 've finished the level B1 .
The home was on a shore.there was a tunnel but it 's hole is in the deep.first he used to be polite and obay the other orders .
To reduce above problems , it is necessary for governments to plan carefully before construction of builings and transport and try their best to decrese the side effects .
Also during this course , he had to work in a team and deliver a project as a requirement for the course .
Architects , builders , painters and sculptors were brought from Europe by ship as well as all the material construction that were necessary for its building .
I am writing in order to apply for the position of a volunteer in a summer camp in the USA as written in the advertisement .
Some of them are pretty similar to those we had in the past ; others are completely different and very interesting to explore .
The reason ? I told him I found a job in another city and I was considering moving house .
The longest was at the primary school , lasted 2 days , because her mother could cook the finest biscuits ever tasted .
Hitting ball again and again , I learned I loved badminton unconsciously , which not only includes running but also concentrating .
So do n't tell me that famous people do n't enjoy being on the first page of the newspaper or any other magazine .
The 6 months I send there were the best of my life , I was so happy and enjoyed myself every day .
However , in soccer , every single player touch the ball , even the goalkeeper has a chance to get the ball .
This means he still loves her , but at the same time he 's still hurt .
I have two kids one is 8 years old and the other one is 10 years old so I have plenty experience with kids .
In addition to that , I am graduated in Computer Science and there is a lot of information available in this language .
the aim of this report is the desciption of the shopping facilities in my home town - Vienna .
To conclude , it is impossible to argue against the fact that people 's live will change in the next years but , these changes will help to improve our environment and our dairy life .
But in this modern era of globalisation , global warming is one of the prime concern of the earth .
In connection with your desire to find a job , you should try to find a temporary job in the tourism field : as you wrote , you 're searching for a monthly job and I reckon that a seasonal job for the summer would perfectly fit your expectations .
You have to come here because Holy Week in Linares is nice and the show is spectacular and if you want to have fun and I like the bulls
That is why I am looking for a job where I could have the chance to join my love with cooking to my job .
In conclusion , each problem must be solved concerning societal and environmental issues that impede a further progress of our civilization .
But , on the other hand , travelling by car gives us more comfort and saves time , and it offers a wider range of choices of departure and routes .
One of the sights we definitely want to see is the former border between West - Germany and East - Germany .
Also , it would be a good idea go to the beach to spend the day and play volleyball or sunbathing , because this it is always a good plan .
Irene was taller than me , brown - eyed and dark - haired .
Since they were already baking bread , they quickly learned how to make a delicious pizza as well .
That was when I first started to believe that something wrong was happening at home .
As per our discussion earlier on the Service Guide Sales communication , I would like to ask you if you already have started to prepare the background and sales communication materials for having these service guide and how to use them .
When I 'm stressed or trying to postpone things like studying or cleaning the flat , I cook .
I very much hope you will take my application into consideration and I look forward to hearing from you .
Another reason why I like it is because it is a team sport so you can learn and evolve with them .
The main feature of Dickens ' and the Brontë sisters ' style of writing is realism .
Something to remember is that people allow each other their own national habits , up to a certain point .
This change makes most people have to work every day even using their private time , so they need to find out the best way to save their time and fill their energy after work .
Seriously , if there 's anything I can do , please let me know .
For example , while women think about millions things like what they want to do or have to do during the day , while men just do nto think about anything and can be like that for hours , just whith a blank mind .
As a matter of fact Budapest , the capital city of Hungary can be a very good competitor for hosting this sporting event .
Even though the shops is not large , there are remarkable goods , for example , nice running shoes or valuable books .
If you have a car , you can go anywhere you want and stop by any beautiful spot you like .
He jumped out of bed and had quick shower , there was no time for breakfast consequently he decided to buy aomething to eat near the office .
But I could n't find the remote control , I could n't switch off the TV and I watched the whole film .
I needed to survive in light of the fact that it was impossible to haul Joe up to safety .
The most important rule , in my opinion , is " having fun without hurting or getting hurt " .
There was no anger in her voice , but amusement and something else that Peter could not distinguish .
This information can help the organizers of next year 's festival in choosing appropriate music and catering to a variety of tastes .
I can cook anything , really , just give me the ingredients and I 'll make you whatever you want .
Last month , as you may know , I was a volunteer on occasion of my favourite band 's concert in Katowice .
So as the end of term is getting closer and closer , many students are being stressed out and it is certainly not different for me .
He was thinking that this time it would be different , everything was planned and they will have a great time .
Italian companies must face the challenge set by the market demand due to the importation of many foreign traditions .
In addition , many of the educational programs are not transmitted by broadcast television and people without cable system , have no access to these .
In addition to having lots of information we also can have fun to see interesting things in the museums such as huge dinasours . You may feel incomplete if you do not visit the museum of the new place you travel .
Himselves of leader must have discipline , know working on time , and know how to create group working consensus , seriously .
Universities are also a rich place for big opportunity to get there if you have studied abroad .
On the other hand , private transport are damaging for planet because we must take care of the planet . we can help to prevent the contamination of the enviroment , if we take travel public transport which do n't pollute .
My advice for someone who want to play this game , you do n't have to be tall or fast , when you play you have to think a lot .
At first , I found it as an exhilarating and rewarding challenge , although it was a modest shop .
Hundreds of people take buses at any time , one of the main reason for this is that they have not got their own car .
It was long time ago when I have read this book but it was so good and exciting that it 's still in my mind .
At the en of the day we decide to use our car , as the way we live today combining work , family and hobbies all at once , cars becoming mobile houses seem to be our best option .
" Installation art " is a new form of expression made of a mixture of media art works , used by contemporary artists to communicate something in a modern way , different from traditional arts .
These four studies are put together in a model named ' Organization Culture Performance Model ' ( OCPM ) .
It has a lot of intrigues and a lot of to think about what 's going to happen next .
Although the work was truly demanding and lasted for quite a while , I must say I really enjoyed it .
i find watching TV programmes in English and reading increase my exposure to new words , and help me recycle words I know in new contexts .
He decided to take the penknife that he had in his bag , and he is successful in kill the bird of prey .
There are two teams and each team has the same amount of players : maybe 6 , maybe 7 and maximum 11 .
With its help we cope with different situations and that is why it is so fundamental to human existence and I think is not evil .
For instance , I have recently read that people who belong to middle class prefer pink and green colours due to some psychological reasons .
Sorry that I haven't been in touch for a while , but I 've been really busy lately .
You can play tennis either in a closed space or outdoor , so you can also play it if it is raining outside .
If you want a city with sea you should choose any city in the west or east of Saudi Arabia .
For example , if I travel to my company by bus , I must be on time and follow the bus schedule .
The priority for the boys is to survive , and to find a way out of the maze .
A number is decided to count the dead ones and which team reaches that number first loses the game to the another .
When you practise any sport , you have to be confident on yourself , without confidence you will not have any progress .
Michael 's new life was working out for the best but it is very difficult for anyone to escape from his past .
There are those who try to avoid the use of public transport and prefer driving their own car due to the advantages it offers .
I 'm not addicted to films what so ever , but I prefer to watch the ones that are said to be good and stand out from the others .
However , after deeper analysis , we found that the very underlying contributing factor lies in the fast pace changing world and the text book can not catch up with it , knowledge is changing from time to time .
1 . I guessed I had more fluency at writing , which suggests how well I 've improved .
As a result , some people hold the opinion that in the future , there will be no public transport .
Actually , where I live the public transport is highly used , It seems that in the near future they wo n't disappear .
I always go to the gym , I look all the time separate 1 hour and half for that .
My name is Juan Farías and I am writing to apply for a course at the Effective Learning School .
I have seen your advertisement on the internet and I would like to apply for the post as activity coordinator .
You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs .There are a lot of channels in many roles , for instance , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on .The television is not only for entertainment but also for education .The television can entertain you through it 's entertained channels , and the television can educate you through it 's educational channels .
On the other hand , if they are bad sheets or in bad condition , they will be disposed securely .
In addition , they produce nuclear waste which is a major problem for the environment and public health .
On top that , I think the amount of notice you have given people is unreasonable .
Also , the thought of all four lovers having the same dream makes it seem strange and magical to them .
It could be a different way to spend a quiet day in a peaceful , placid and restful place .
Do you maybe have a friend who you would like to go with to the concert since we ca n't go together ?
In my opinion , there are more people who travel by car every day , even for short journeys .
Nevertheless , robotics is not that satisfying because it is complicated to operate which is always the reason why operators are distracted .
I 'm sure that no one would like to see his photo in a newspaper , on which he 's eating or making a stupid face and that 's why we should respect other 's privacy .
First , I think that 's a fantastic idea go to the new activity centre . We 'll enjoy a lot and meet new places .
Enthusiasm to learn is all that you will need so as to get the first few steps done .
This was Ahmed Bishara and I am a fierce supporter of this cause .
His uncle 's birthday hounding him because he does n't know what he should buy for him .
Fisrt of all , remember to take food that can be eaten easily without much mess ( Spanish omelette , fried chicken brest , sandwiches , ships ... ) and , moreover , you can buy some drinks and water because it is fun to eat at the beach and people usually get hungry often after they do something like swimming , jumping the waves , surfing and so on .
It 's one of the best Al Pacino 's films and it 's very different from previous ones .
Jack was a fat , lazy guy who loved food , and he would never miss a meal .
When I agreed to go and help out at the concert , it was no mistake to do so .
When Michael saw me he openened the door , however straightaway closed the door and at that moment knew he had make a mistake
I am hoping this boy will come for the interview as he was saying recently he has got a new job .
Córdoba is not as big as Madrid orSevilla but i love it .
Right at the moment entering , you can see them from two sides of the courtyards .
I got it from my neighbour and he just was so thankful for my help tidying up his garden week before .
In Extremadura you can enjoy the environment and you can walk across the famous Monfragüe Nacional Park or Tajo - International Natural Park .
Over 1 billion people around the world speak English as a second language because of that it is considered the universal language .
cricket is a game of bat and ball in which there are two teams which have eleven players on each side .
However as the countries develop and economy grows and life change , people change and standards of life change too ; The interaction factors that lead people to have their own a car is depending and limiting on several factors ; There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead to travel by public bus / train ; We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving an opportunity to people to opt and travel on own car or public transport ; In some countries there are separate lanes dedicated for public transport which help and facilitate the traffic on condition of heavy traffic ; With traffic technology solution owning a car is always better .
A point would be , that normal people are able to fly to the moon or something , or if there would be people living on the mars .
We spent ten days on the Atlantic seaboard , in a small town - Cádiz .
I think that you give us a lot of information about the programme , and your opinion about it is very interesting .
Conscientious by nature , I always strive to be thorough in my work , to be diligent , and consistently completing my tasks .
The aim of this report is to briefly describe the main strengths and weaknesses of the course " Good design using DTP " so as to give an overall view of it .
For me this is very pleasant because I like being with children and it is a challenge for me .
Therefore dialogues , settings as well as politeness , costumes and hairstyles are meant to give it greater public appeal , sacrificing historical accuracy .
I 've had a little bit of experience in summer baby sitting some kids ; in Italy it is more diffiult to be a babysitter because if you are underage , parents should have responsibility on you so it is better to be over 18 .
Technology has developed really fast in the last twenty years so it 's expected to develop the same way in the next fifty years .
My students conducted in - depth studies on particular texts ( magazines , newspapers , novels ) for their final papers .
In fact , some deaths have been caused by bringing detoxification to weight loss process , because they follow the majority without carefully considering .
Self driving cars are steered by a very modern software and this software is so exactly that the number of accidents will be decline .
This fact , along with the spreading of personal computers , quickly became in a generalization of its use in the first decade of the XXI century .
To me , a vacation is a specific trip or journey for recreation or tourism .
As a result we will be need to change fast , to try to fix what we broke and star to rebuild in order to have that future or health that we dream of .
For example , people interested in cooking has some gourmet shops where they will be able to taste our traditional products .
On the way there everyone who participated in the workshop stopped to buy some snacks .
Instead of that you should show that you have experience or specific education in the area .
These are both amazing because are full of history ; in the first one you can still see Romans'monuments instead Florence offers lots of Medieval churches .
On one hand , parents should take responsibility on their children education as they are a child 's first contact .
I 'm really glad to spend six months in the UK , but it 's really important to plan my days in order to have a good time .
In addition we were also taught how to organize sports and activities for them in a way they will enjoy .
After doing this regularly , they tend to have problems at school because they start to write incorrectly .
When she got home she packed some of her belongings and drove to her best friend 's house .
Tom woke up as a beam of sunlight slanted through a crack in the wall of the old cabin .
So when univerity starts , people will become busy , the routine will not be the same , and as a consecuences the marks will be lower .
The downside could be the waiting time to eat , because all the dishes are prepared at the time of the customers do the order .
You surely remember that place because the last time you came , you told me that it was the worst train station where you 've never been .
All things considered , I think that English is the easiest option when you want to study a language .
In terms of my suitability for reception and administrative roles , I am organized , amiable and helpful .
I really like the beginning of the movie , because we can see the ship when it was really new , with their chair , table and another furniture .
public transport has a big role in transportation specially in large cities like Capital city of countries , using the car some times causes traffic jam if all person uses their own car , to avoid this a good roadways is needed , also the cost of public transportation is lower than private transportation .
I 'm glad to hear from you again ! I have to say that you should write in your work that the traditional Portuguese food is delicious !
And then , I saw something black not moving in the LANDSCAPE of the woods .
Yes , the first one is the " Duque of Venomania " .
Out of 20 tested people , 17 managed to write their composition within an hour .
I am taking a vacation during the second half of March and I see it to be a perfect time to join the summer camp as the dates coincide .
In the future everyone will be able to go on holiday all around the world since the transport will be faster and cheaper .
My home town , an international city , attracts millions of tourists from all over the world every year .
The car is sometimes represented as an icon of freedom ; moreover , owning a modern car is sometimes related to wealth .
My leg was injured and it was as painful as a thorn in the paw ; after countless hours of crawling .
If he wants to play , then she will give him the best game he could and would ever have .
- Nelson Mandela I believe that education is important and it is able to bring about enormous changes to an individual .
In Italy I worked as a babysitter for a couple of months , I took care of 3 kids : 1 child is 7 years old and the others 2 children are both 11 years old and back then I had to cook for them lunch and dinner .
More money can be saved as the cost can be shared with the people who are going to the same place .
I actually had to stop the whole class and ask them to nominate one person to write for the whole group .
I am fond of children and I like to be around them , so that it will be a pleasure for me to gain this job .
To travel around the world has always been my dream since I was a little boy .
In the past people has to manage their time so they could go to their work , take care of their children and maybe also study .
His parents scolded him and made him make a promise to them that he wo n't lie ever in his life again .
I have to try my best to take care of all students and to ensure that the contents are accessible for them .
south of the river , an industrial area has been constructed next to the existing railway while residential streets have been converted into more modern apartment blocks .
She sees Viper with his friends and they smile at each other ) One you have to learn for yourself .
Generally I miss them all because I live in a distant city away from where my family lives now .
For example , some people who have lots of money living in shenzhen earn more money by buying low price and selling high price , although they have house to live .
Just as we have the courage to provoke , we have to have the courage to do something to fix , let us become that super hero that changed the world and made a change for future generations to have a healthy environment to live .
The purpose of this report is to assess the best and the worst aspects of Active Leisure Club .
Nowadays , the car owners have been increasing in many countries , especially in developed countries , due to the convenience of travelling by car .
To take care of our bodies , we eat well , exercise and make sure to get enough sleep .
Every house has a place to put all the rubbish and people come every day to pick up the trash .
On the other hand , I have been in search of the series which catches my attention and it took me very long until I finally put my finger on it .
Sarah yelled loudly for help , but Stephan did n't notice and hear that so he kept on walking and listening to his music .
Why would I travel to a meeting in a different city when I can meet through Skype ?
I always try so hard to not to go to new restaurants because I do n't like most of them at first .
Peter let go of Louis because he thought that it was safe , but Louis caught the ball and tried to hit Lucas .
Nowadays we are witnessing a shift in the role technology is playing in our society and may continue to play for generations to come .
First , technology has radically changed the daily life of a simple family : computer seems to be necessary and in every house there is more TV than one .
Everybody visiting this country would like to see the most important sights , and I might be helpful there .
English economy changed from an agriculture one to an industrial one : in England there was an increase in pollution and also terrible hygienic conditions , the landscape changed a lot and also houses , shops and people .
If You 'd like to try play in Handball You must know that first time is always the worst .
To answer your question , I can not attend the party beacuse I do not like theese kind of parties , but I wish you good luck!Almos
If you want to know more about this Sport , do n't hesitate to watch a game of us .
On the other hand , we all get to benefit from the cheaper recycled paper materials ; I also want to mention the blissful feeling I get when I recall I have done good for our wonderful world .
Beijing is also a city which has many kinds of snacks and foods from different countries .
When you hear the bus stop Ploshad Truda you should leave the bus and I 'll meet you at this bus stop .
Have you ever witnessed the collapse of a myth and the birth of a new star at the same time ?
The other question is that Trieste is situated near Slovenia , where , the price of petrol is cheaper than in Italy , so a great number of inhabitants of our city prefer to fuel the car directly in Slovenia , where they can find much more competitive prices .
On the other hand , there is some channels , which show documentaries and programmes about specific subjects like science , math or history .
Everyone considered him as a crazy and boring guy obsessioned by his passion ; except Kate , his only best friend , who encouraged him every time he wanted to let his dream down .
-If you buy some clothes , assure yourself that they fit you and you like them enough to conservate .
In addiion , you have to share with people you absolutely do nt know and probably wo nt see again .
The event was held on the initiative of the Russian - Turkish Cultural Centre in St. Petersburg .
I have a friend who went to MASTERCHEF and he taught to the amateur cooks how to make bread .
The bar chart shows the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. and Jack&Jones Co.
He had not seen that coming and became white as a sheet , raised his eyebrows and just exploded .
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' there are many spells , e.g.
Besides , when the bamboos flowering and seeding they die , so until the new bamboos grow enough to be eaten by the pandas takes a long time and this fact forces the pandas to move to new places in order to look for food .
I am here to write about a composition about public transportation in Somalia specially the capital city Mogadishu where there is a little public transport comparing to our neighboring countries . there is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model which Van as well as very distracted roads which may cause collateral damage .
First of all , I met many people from all over the world . I keep in touch with them all the time .
When I went to class there was a group of students who had already studied together for some time .
Therefore , in order to acquire the excellence extent demanded , I specialized in Economic law with a master 's degree at the University Paris 1 Panthéon - Sorbonne in 2009 .
well , the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nigth because it 's when I arrive at home and I have finish my whole rutine so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax so I would say that nigth is the most relaxing part of my day so it is the one I prefer the most
It was very considerate of you to send condolences so please , have my thanks .
At the end , to look for a job , I think the best option is Madrid , which is the capital city , and there you will find a job easily .
To preserve our environment , taking public transport is a must and a global trend in the future .
However , Vianne must learn to solve her own problems and change the course of her own life .
My daily routine is based on having access to the Internet : talking to my friends , reading he newspapers , the forecast weather , and so on ... I will have to change my life .
I went to my apartment and turn on my TV and I watch in the news that the bandit escaped with 3 paintings .
It seems a brilliant idea not only because of the knowledge that they acquire but for the experience that it could bring them .
There are cabins where you can have a good time in front of the bonfire and sleep in a beautiful room made of ecological materials .
the first day we went to Taormina and Giardini Naxos , the day after we visited Siracusa , the third day Agrigento and The valley of the temples and the last day we saw Marsala and Trapani .
And a new workplace is difficult to adjust to and there is no promise that it will be better than the last .
One day Michael woke up from a strange dream , the dream was focused from a camera that was following a shadow in front of it .
She looked at the phone surprised and tried calling him again , but his phone was turned off .
I had hired a snorkel gear and a water camera , so I took pictures of sea turtle on the bottom .
Nowadays I like others sports to practise : tennis , Basketball , ... but I prefer playing football with my mates on weekends , and then we drink some beers in the pub to celebrate the victory or the defeat .
It also shows you the power of the family and how they should stick together through all the difficulties they face .
Jake 's main challenge was to move around and reach the places he had planned to visit both for his research and for tourist purposes .
I felt like I messed up but the next day I got a call that I got the role .
They serve all meals in small portions ; and they suggest that the servings can be shared ; so everybody can try more itens from the menu .
Hans is 10 years old and Oliwer is 7 years old .
When I was eight years old I visited Thailand , it was wonderful and we lived at a hotel so close to the beach , I could nearly touch the sand from the pool .
I managed to make my mother have a siesta , so that she was more energetic for the party .
So computers help us do that , they help us share our thoughts and feelings with other people easily .
By now , I have widened my horizons and increased my interest towards the spotlight on playhouses .
If we all were aware of this and did something to help it in our daily routines , the planet would thank us for this .
We stayed in one of the most beautiful hotels in that place , with a nice view and with nice people around .
The place I 'm writing about is Wawel Royal Castle in Cracow .
I am also a Spanish Red Cross camp leader , as I fancy all kinds of sports such as swimming , sailing , kayaking , rock climbing , etc .
From my point of view , many people use cars owe to the awful quality of some buses , trains …
I was hoping that , my decision was the right one , but it was n't actually . I had chosen electronic but my parents told me to have some more research and consultations with the graduates of different majors including electronic .
Also , the adoption of bicycles and walking , for instance , seems to be a responsible attitude to the planet .
The album 's name is from the song by the same name : The Number of the Beast .
The Damascus restaurant at the centre of the city is quite a nice place to have a meal .
The company changed its name into ' the King 's Men ' and performed over 200 plays !
In my opinion , weekend not only gives us enough time to take an adequate break but allow us to enrich ourself .
In addition , cars have been increasing the world carbon emission and that causes the ' Ozone Layer ' to thin down .
First of all , friends are important for us , we want a friend that we can share our secrets and problems .
The son of Lucy and her husband one day he went to caved holes in the dirt for make a game , he make five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewelry that had been generations of gods so he started throwing that for play , one time that he take the jewelry , it consume the mind of the little guy and that cause that the jewelry liberated some sounds that only giants can hear so a mountain stand up that was the face of a giant and he perceive negative waves so he kill the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .
After all the book is called ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' .
Certainly , it is more comfortable to travel by your own transport with your family or your friends . You can stop and have a rest wherever you want .
Although some drawbacks may exist when this task determined by the central authorities , a committee comprising experts in different disciplines can minimize these drawbacks .
I write to you to express my interest to apply for the weekend worker job that was posted on your cafe door .
The Internship , a film of Shawn Levy with Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn .
The six friends might not have the same opinion , they might argue , they might get angry with each other but they always forgive and forget !
why do use public transport some of us use it to save money for not buying gas or they ca n't buy a car or if they had problems in their cars or they do n't have the mood to drive .
Following the previous paragraph , there will always be people of different living styles , attitudes , and beliefs in every aspect of one 's life .
Nowadays , many countries have been ruined areas of farmland , forest and wetland with the intention to construct housing and transport networks to cater to the demand of people .
( It is my country place ) I like it because it Is near the water and we have a big lawn where we play football , volleyball and have fun .
By looking after children between the ages of 8 and 12 , I can experience new skills that will be useful in my future with my future kids .
The lion was getting closer and when he reached Max he layed on the floor and looked at the boy .
For example , we can know the type of a car model by the changes that are made on it which it makes you idiotif the small new details in every model .
On actual days what we most need is to find ways to prevent childhood obesity because nowadays is a very common sickness that attack more and more children everyday causing them feel bad about themselves .
" Encourage learner autonomy - the teacher wo n't always be there to provide answers " Alternatives to whole class feedback onestopenglish .
Firstly it 's a really exquisite place , and it is decorated with objects from the South Asia .
To begin with I am interested in birdwatching because from when I was young and I want to be a biologist when I grow up .
This essay will attempt to analyse both sides of this controversial phenomenon with some applicable supporting ideas .
I really like many sports on this world . I go to ge gym daily to stay fit and healthy .
This means that if he does n't like it , he will definitely give up immediately .
He understands that the shadow was ghost of Mendez who wanted to take revenge on Mendez 's murderer .
There are more problems in big cities , one of them is parking , there are a lot of areas in a city that is very difficult to park , and you only have 2 options , you can park in a private parking and pay a lot of money or you can waste you time searching for a place of parking .
We 'd been driving for half an hour when I noticed that there were a white car behind us .
Once upon a time there was a majestuous kingdom in England , surrounded by beautiful rivers , waterfalls and mountains .
More professional opportunities could be purposefully arranged to explore some effective strategies and promote discussion among teachers .
But then industrialization comes and with that , the technology , so ways of life 's started to change and everything start to go faster .
Here it is said , try and find out which is really the better one and do not trust on advertisements .
Every now and then , we have special guests coming over , such as professional reviewers or independent directors .
After that , teachers are supposed to use partnership and grouping exercises and activities in order to meet individual 's needs .
But now , children want to have one as soon as possible , they do n't play hide and seek and play sports like before .
Tom asked him about the insurance and the old man said the insurance only pays 5,000 according to its commitment for this kind of disease .
and it can be dangerous too , if one does n't know how to move on a boat .
We played every day together and , in the afternoons , we went to each other 's houses .
This can make your shopping really annoying , because some type of people need to check by themselves in order to evaluate the quality of product .
Our club members are thrilled knowing that an international sports star like you is coming to see them .
Kevin heart is in a difficult situation because his nothing at all what this man expect him to be but he plays the role anyway .
I started following football in 2007 , just 10 years old , I started because I fell in love with a team that then led me to love football in general .
I want to describe a famous actor from my country , he is Sergey Bezrukov .
We live in times where people are very curious about other people 's lives so above - mentioned occupations are necessary ,
This makes me realize that even if I have a disease , as hard as it is , I 'm still better than others and I 'm grateful .
There are documentaries produced with so many careful that they provide us with a lot of information , sometimes it 's much better than reading a book or having a class .
Actually there are a lot of kinds of sports that I like , but the most interesting sports for me is football .
I recently completed the four - year bachelor degree European Studies at Zuyd University in Maastricht .
Apart from that , I 'm going to help at Coldplay 's concert in two months .
Due to the ever - increasing population coupled with the climate change , food shortage has become a significant facing by many countries .
May I ask you why you are breaking into my house instead of knocking at the door ?
The fact is natural disasters have changed people and animal 's living environment bringing about a multitude of influences in both direct economic revenue of farmers and indirect effects on enterprise .
Driving my own car seems really convenient for travelling , but public transportation is the most effective way to bring people from a place to another .
The clean and press was once a competition lift , but was discontinued due to difficulties in judging proper form .
Composting has made us more aware of our waste and the amount of packaging in the items we buy .
And when the sheets of bank notes are being printed , colour on both sides , special ink and slightly raise image should on the bank note .
Reassuming , while design of houses may look different the most important change will be in technology which will make our life easier .
I have just received your letter and I 'm glad that you have found my film the most interesting .
During the day Italian people drink a lot of coffee and everyone has a coffee maker at home !
All things considered we might conclude that public transport will eventually disappear in the short term and in no time everyone will be driving their own clean - energy - driven flying cars to go everywhere .
A group of young people from abroad will be visiting my home town for three months .
I 'd like to highlight the factors that would support my opinion in a certain order that pertains to a wider acceptance .
Generally speaking , it has been suggested that mixed - sex education will improve to the degree of learning system at schools .
I am Brazilian and I started to learn how to write in Portuguese when I was 7 years old .
In order to improve my English skills and also have a chance to meet new people from all around the world I have got very excited about that position available .
The first lesson was about painting , but because of the lack of equipment , we could not painting .
At that time , the Order sent to Vatican an urgent message and called the press for making the announcement of the discovery .
In recent years , whether using internet is beneficial or not has never failed to attract people 's attention .
First of all , the reading passage says that internal - combustion engine relies on petroleum , which will be depleted soon , but hydrogen will not deplete easily .
The use of public transport has a lot of advantages , but on the other hand , some disadvantages can be distinguished .
He could not be at home all day doing such nothing so he started to look for another job that would be suitable for him .
It was found that there was an apparent difference on average speed and completion time when comparing tasks from students with basic knowledge and the one from another group .
I think that the allure of this activity is you can meet a lot of people and share with them that experiences .
For my part , I spend a lot of time on my computer ( learning English and working ) .
We stayed here for 4 days and we visited Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and a little part of Trapani .
However , there are people who do not follow that , and they dress the most comfortable clothes for them or the style they like most .
In purpose of building more necessary networks of housing and transport , areas of farmland , forest and wetland have to be destroyed by many countries today .
But Louis knew that the invention needed to have a great design that implemented portability , that is why he needed to refine his ideas for this project to be used in an immense type of useful ways .
I understand this part , but in case I have to cancel the reservation , how should I do it ?
Joey is ... well , he 's Joey : not so clever , a great one for the girls and -the most important- Chandler 's best friend .
Without spending money , we can get inspired by new collections or people that we see in the city .
I have read that Cornwall is usually flooded in winter , and that the weather might make transportation a pain .
There were posters for entertainment , small ads for businesses , merchants used town criers , paying for events .
Moreover , they travel all around the world and spend their holidays in expensive resorts , get the best hotel rooms and the most efficient service .
I applied in one music club in our city and I was really excited when they repplied and asked me to help because I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage is working .
You certainly will learn to fail and win but the most important thing that you will lern is never give up .
To sum up , I would like to say that , if you are in bad mood or lack of money then you will not be able to feel pleasure of it .
I usually earn between 50.000 € and 60.000 € each year and it is never enough , I do n't have a financial security .
At least , these weekend I did n't do anything in special , because I feel tired and I had n't got money enough to do any special plan .
If I were you , I would go running at the morning and I would go to music classes after lunch .
Poor teacher , I can only wonder how a teacher would react to see such a thing written by a student .
On the whole , therefore , I feel that it is best to go for a career that we will enjoy if this is possible .
There is nothing worse than not be able to communicate with people when you 're in a foreign country .
I reply to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps , have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience , worked at school in north Africa like a volunteer and learnt a lot about children , think that i 'm a suitable person for the job because use to be an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , love working with children and like organising several types of activities , I 'm not very good cooking but i can learn very fast .
I would be happy too , if by any chance I could apply to summer jobs or internships , as another way of gaining experience .
However if this situation not change and if our government not take providence about this important subject will be the end of the transport public and will more convenient to use car .
It has almost everything that you need in a cafe , comfortable chairs and sofas , beatiful features and a really good - taste coffee that they serve in most of twenty different ways and with all toppings you can think in .
To : eTsa3Ik.Vb0@hotmail.com
The day when I am proud of myself , happy to look back and curious to look forward .
As for work , you can find a job at my cousin 's office because they are hiring people .
However , the quantity of fish and chips plates eaten per year declined from 100 times per year in 1975 to just over 80 times in 1980 .
She 's very famous and I told her everything she wanted to know about the show .
Nowadays , there is an increasing concern about the health of young people , since there is no doubt that it is getting worse .
In addition to my skills as a PR - manager , I have extensive experience of marketing and office management .
So at least it 's something I experience , but that 's not where I live . "
But before that , it is important that you have a general idea about my company ; its business and goals .
The film is about Maleficent that become bad because she is abuse by Stefan , her true love .
Once I cooked a Christmas dinner for me and my whole family and surprisingly everyone enjoyed it which definitely came as a surprised to me !
In case of any questions , please , write me an e - mail I answer them with pleasure .
When I grew up I realize sooner than later , that I will never be nor a good neither a bad player , and they said that I was one of the worst players ever lived .
I think that someone who wanted to inherit Mr Smith 's money must have killed him for this reason .
They should emerse themselves in daily exercises as well as eat healthy meals to keep them active .for instance , it 's adviced to eat great amounts of fruits and fresh vegetables because they contain a lot of vitamins that the body needs to work properly .
As for the weather , it 's quite nice at the moment but I suggest taking something warm just in case as the weather is very changeable here .
The first time I met her , she insulted me , but I just did n't pay attention in what she had told me .
The place where I enjoyed myself the most was " the Bran Castle " also known as Dracula 's castle .
Inside the " Monumento a La Bandera " you can see historical objects about the history of Argentina , in the underground it 's the hall of honor of American Flags .
However , Bulgarian government was thinking change the law so all children have to start at 6 years old .
Surprised and delighted , the boy took the fish home and prepare delicious fish soup for his stepmother .
On top of that , each of us got two tickets for the next concert of the band .
Traces of his previous career are evident throughout his work in his careful compositions and precise styling .
Nobody can tell how , when , where and what will happen in the next 50 years of our life .
He had to buy a present for his girlfriend 's birthday but it was Sunday and all stores were closed so he had to found a solution .
This seems like a small thing but it represents a major change in the way people view TV shows .
The new human resources manager had arrived and wanted to meet every worker in the company personally .
The previous are the best possible solutions I would address in order to stop once and for all the problem of stress thanks to exams , in which most of the cases , as the previous paragraph explained , leads to many more .
It shows that ethnic minority people can integrate with the majority Caucasian people without losing their cultural and traditional values .
On the other hand , after Ali starts his kickboxing career , Stephanie always cares about his conditions , then becomes his middleman .
It is clear from these reasons that there is merit to awarding important government career options to younger people .
If ones insist on travelling by cars , they are , in fact , producing greenhouse gases which are given out by their cars .
But I am doing this because I really enjoy creating activities with kids and having a great time with them .
He hid near the door , where he could watch for a chance to try the cream without being noticed .
When we arrived there were a lot of Matias'friends in our house listening loudly music , playing games and drinking .
Researchers have proved that human activities such as industrialization , deforestation etc . can trigger global warming .
Secondly , I turn off the faucet and the switches when not in use .
The round table ' Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations at the modern stage ' in St Petersburg State University
I do n't know what I 'm proud of but when I do a nice goal i gets proud because it 's feel good especially when it 's an important goal that maybe change the game .
It 's a city where you can recreate a part of the European history , thanks to the ancient and magnificent building , and where you can enjoy the last technologies and have fun .
The first step to it was my diary after visiting Sochi with my friend in 2000 .
We often go out together to the cinema , have a walk , do the shopping , meet our friends , etc .
I have a lot of friends in my new class and I knew almost everyone of them in my old school ( called Kyrkskolan ) .
We are however conscious of the financial difficulties that young people face today , it is for this reason that we propose the following idea .
Are people born violent or do they become violent because of how they are brought up ?
Apart from my experience in Arts , I also have been doing gymnastics for ten years ; therefore I am a sporty girl .
Airplanes , busses , trains or ships are here to stay because they are more practical in some situations .
It is true that basketball require a lot of physical activity , but a good mental attitude is very important .
I do n't argue with only one of my family .. I sometimes argue with my brother for television channels but we make up immediately .
There were ten doors in the building and my job was to sell tickets at door number 5 .
her brother pick her laptop and threw it and broke her laptop , then boy closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The problem is that I am from Poland and I could be in Great Britan from 22 to 25 February .
This tower is a precious monument of roman art and it is one of the oldest building in the Lublin .
Due to my experience as a teacher I am sure that I could have any difficulty in organising sports and inventing a wide range of activities in order to entertain children .
This ancient type of water supply system is still used in arid regions of the world .
Danderyd is n't inside the city .
Although the weather can change more easily , so you should bring different kinds of clothes both heavy and light .
My mother likes watching soap operas on tv and she got me hooked onto this new tv show - iknmp .
Here , there are monuments , churches or famous people and perhaps to you in the future you would like to become a history teacher .
Cities are full of museums where tourists can see all the customs and traditions that have characterized Italian culture .
that 's amazing , I just wanted to write you an sms and at the same time I 've received an email from you !
What 's more , it does n't require a specific place to take place in , it could be trying anywhere .
Also , there are some well - known brand ready to give a special prize if you but a souvenir after 8 pm .
If you do so , You do n't have to be worried about bad weather any more .
In heinz sight giving this much control to the class and introducing a new and tricky grammar point ( past modals ) was not the best choice .
She parked her car a few meters away for Michael 's office and walked up to it .
I 'm glad that every year we have such a wonderful day called " A day without cars " or something like that when people try to use public transport rather that their own cars .
A Bunch of sirens , cops and spinning lights were down there .
Michael was alittle boy he was 10 years old he went with his parents to his grandfather 's home .
A study shows that adults take care of their personal garbage not just because of their education but because of their anxiety to show their kids that they are a great and responsible parents .
Therefore she has everything good aobut being a celebrity but the most important is that she is a great person .
A lot of people think is a waste of time , but that is not true .
Today the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can watch the programs at any time you want to , and if you do n't like a program you can change the channel and watch anything else , if the increase of channels and the competitiveness , the audience has increased also its power of choice .
It is associated with strong emotions caused natural spectacles , like hurricanes , waterfalls or starry sky
Social networks websites can be explained as a web usefulness that admit people to create a public or semi - public profile , arrange a list of other contacts which is possible to share connection and look and cross their list of connections and those made by others within the system .
He was standing guard , at the memorial , when he was shot dead from behind at point blank .
Wondering what he might be doing , Michael shouted :
Secondly , I am going to inform you on how our citizens are tryinq to keep the area clean .
In addition , the best teachers , by their teachings , are the people who we most agree with and appreciate .
Also , there is the idea of the alteration of form that Bottom 's head gets ' translated'(3:1:104 ) expresses the magical feeling that again this is not possible in the human world .
It is true that sometimes it is hard to accept certain changes but we can always learn something useful from them .
Life is changing every day and in the next fifty years a lot of things will happen .
Later , when they were sure that there were no one near they burned the car .
I teach English in the suburb colony to primary children as part of my company 's ' Giving Back to Society ' program .
First I was really impressed by the performance of Jodi Foster ( Clarice ) and Anthony Hopkins ( Hannibal ) .
Then roads are more crowded right now and there are so many traffics so people wasted longer time in the road , then it makes one of the positive points of using a car is gone and the importance of public transportation is needed .
Alison read the note and it say 's " i 'll be back at 8 pm " .
That 's why it 's difficult to define one general style for the generation .
Suffered the transport sector in the Arab countries of the many shortcomings and poor performance and is a form of environmental pollution and this is due primarily to a lack of the capacity of public institutions to develop strategies necessary to intervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result
It is important to underline that the driving factors ( motivation ) determine behaviour of entrepreneur and show the reasons for acting .
Ten minutes after I had already taken my trainers and closed the gym door when I saw her walking towards me .
Because the young frogs look alike , it is possible that the volunteers will kill frogs other than cane toads .
I hope you will invite me for a job interview , via Skype or in in person and look forward to hearing from you soon .
Actually , it is time saving because everyone eventually does what he wants without wasting time pushing other people .
The Japanese government made a competition to see which of their citizens was the best trend - setter .
for instance , one day I was walking in the garden when I saw a girl falling down from a children swing in a playing area , I helped her immediately , after I was sure enough that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident , she thanked me a lot .
That sounds a little bit like a name of any sci - fi or horror .
The skills he make are wonderful , he know everything about football , his passes were fantastic , he passed the ball even with the back !
For many years the public transport had allowed that the people travel a long distance for work that otherwise would not be possible .
Firstly , there are two kinds of famous people : those who want to have a private life and who do n't want everybody knowing each aspect of their lives and those who sell certain parts of their lives in magazines , journals or TV programmes or their entire private life .
Also , possibility of learning at home is a big advantage , especially for people who prefer peace and silence .
But , if you are woman and you are lots of money and time you will be always content during the shopping .
Buenos Aires is a city made for tourists , visitors can do so many activities in a small radio of the city , dance Tango , eat traditional meet or visit a beautiful library are some of them .
In short , I consider that change is always the best way to develop our personality to become better people in any aspect of our lives because it represents a major challenge .
We will probably stay at this campsite for about three weeks and besides the hiking we will read and laze about .
The main reason by which I like playing tennis is because I can control the amount of exercise that I can do .
The main reason for this is the fact that free time could be spent in a more sophisticated way .
Response : From all my experience , I have specifically more than 2 years of experience as consolidation controller in a Spanish multinational company and the rest of my experience as auditor shared between Venezuela and Spain .
Boquete where I did nothing and Saturday I came back .
I am very glad of the fact that you visited our country and the area of Silesia .
Valpolicella has many location that worth to see : first of all Lake Garda , a lake with the famous phallic shape which divides three different regions ( Veneto , Trentino and Lombardy ) .
To sum up , I will recommend this place if you want to pass a great time and eat as your last day
I 'm Sara and I 'm a half - italian , half - spanish , seventeen years old girl with a really cheerful , energetic and hardworking personality .
After several meetings , I got my position back and I have learnt that we should believe ourselves .
Furthermore , if you are a shy person , this way is very useful for you because you can talk more directly with someone .
In summary , for me , it is better enjoy at work every day , although you have not a big salary .
He has everything : the looks , the brains and the charm but he has never felt contented .
In past , I do not care so much in respect of having good amount of stock , I always enquired about availability and love to get anything new for my sweet home .
You can do different sports on the pool for example : swimming , water aerobics , Olympic diving or diving .
It is fairly well played by actors , such as , Jesse Eisenberg , Morgan Freeman who play their role perfectly , making the film light - hearted .
Classical art was more easy for us to understand because it has been studied at school and it is very famous , while modern arts are totally new and more complicated to understand because of their composition and their significance .
That 's why basketball is my favourite sport and it should be yours too !
The postman took the letter from his bag , and then , gave me the letter .
I would let you the ticket so at least you have the chance to enjoy that event even if it is n't with me .
During my tenure at the University of economics and Law , I have noticed my growing interest in marketing and public relations .
I found the advertisement on you website and I 'm sure that I 'm the person you are looking for .
Parents face with important decisions when raising children , not the least of which is whether or not they should allow their children to keep a pet .
We went there because the university orchestra from UAZ invited us to go there and play with them .
In the second section both the girls and the boys interrogated claimed that they do n't spend their free time going to the theatre or the opera .
And of course , as required , I can speak English quite well and have a certificate that shows it .
It is good to have your unique value system , but the stories about people who have been doing good affects you and your future decisions .
This summer happened to me several things , I went to the beach , I went to the pool , or simply went for a walk with friends , but the best was when I went to a wedding because it was the event that more memories bring me this summer .
On the other hand , if you are a professional or an amateur chef , you 'll earn an extra money .
For instance , My town have a lot of mountains with big forests , tall trees and many types of animals or plants .
Over the past few years , the Internet has become an important part of our lives .
A student that really moved him , and reflect so apologetic , and out of the room , closed the door and Michael knew then that he had made a mistake .
Additionally , because public transport is expensive and does not have a comprehensive coverage of most cities private cars are more attractive for most poeple .
I agree with people who think they would have no problem to leave their lives and start a new job in a farm only to be in touch with nature .
We also see that people adhere to the norms when they build new houses and do n't encroach on any public lands .
Lying on the beach is very relaxing and it is the perfect thing to do on vacation .
The Girls used to hang out together , they spent all their free time together and they were absolutely best friends .
It is because of the magic of the fairies , the actions in this book is like a dream .
I recommend La Cacharería , because it is a great place for a quiet meal with friends .
They have not got expensive cars , detached houses , they ca n't afford travelling and their only entertainment is watching TV .
Every year we nominate a person that is responsible for supervising the dustman 's work every single day .
What impress me the most is a combination of old elements of the building with glass and bricks .
So probably , if you have the opportunity to stay abroad several months , you should do it , to learn English and live a different experience .
Whereas there are a lot of options , we rarely start learning other language before we can communicate well in English .
On the other hand , near Mediterranean Sea there are a lot of towns with fantastic beaches which water is very clean and warm .
I am writing to give my opinion of the restaurant " The Crazy Cat " this is a very good restaurant .
On the other hand , we are also exposed to many risks , such as cyberbullying or online predators .
She knew that besides her , the race will be attended by the best girls from all over the country .
The main reason to consider there is future for public transport is that , according to ecologists , we must cut down the massive use of cars .
This movie is bases quote on quote on a " true story " buts obviously director michael bay know for the transformers franchise puts a lot of hollywood into this movie , its about a bodybuilder named daniel lugo who decides to kidnap a rich guy and make him sign away all of his properties , which obviously its not a great plan that backfires on him , and eventualy police get him .
I also appreciated much the practical experience I could get there - how to organise job at the office so that everything goes smoothly and everyone gets what they want , how to use social media for advertising and promotion , how to communicate with press and television etc .
It 's placed in a quiet street , so the restaurant is often very relaxing , especially between 8 and 9 pm .
I think that international sporting occasions can be one of the best ways to ease tensions or to release patriotism safely .
For almost the entire duration of " Now you see me " , I was confused .
However the first 17 days in the movie could turn a bit tedious because the director focused in every single feeling of the trapped men and their families .
When I go to the restaurant , I always eat mexican food such as tacos or fajitas .
In the morning we 're not used to eating salty food like salami , eggs or cheese .
He helped me forget about my fear , because his believing in my success made me stronger .
I went to an ice rink , I rented hockey skates , and I started to skate .
It was seven o'clock when she got home with her arms full of grocery bags .
It makes me feel contented that I am contributing to the society by participating in the tasks that shape their future .
The boy had changed everything in the content of the work by the end of their conversation .
In that place , we worked as part of an incredible team that organised different activities each weekend .
Each kind of guiding light help us , but the most important is to choose the right and accurate person .
In Edo period , there was the society that was called " super recycling - oriented society " .
I must admit , I 'll never be the best tennis player you 'll ever meet .
If one wants to go somewhere , one can use a shared car which is parked at designated area .
I was assigned to work on project of the CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd under agreement of Term Geotechnical Consultancies .
In the program , one homeless man quit his job because he could not have a good relationship in the office .
I think I have some experience with young children as I have to take care of my own brothers every day .
One day she figured out how to escape through a hidden passage , she got to the town and ran and jump , she did every little thing she was n't aloud to since so long .
Years ago , we used to get through with other people ringing up or texting messages by our mobile phone and as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate by social networks such as twitter , facebook , whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news , social issues by twitter instead of newspapers , for instance , it 's usually to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings news by his smartphone , an image so far from years back .
Some swimmers are Michael Phelps , Ryan Lochte , Peter Van de Hoogenband and others .
If you would like to know more about me , please contact me at your earliest convenience .
As far as the storyline is concerned I have to say that the film is really fast - moving .
Have you ever been asked to make a decision and choose only one thing out of many that you really like ?
Were you a UK tourist coming to Switzerland for a short weekend break fifteen years ago you would have found yourself in a situation that no shops would have Sunday opening hours .
They can gain fame and admiration thanks to their skills but their stage personality is more like a powerful creation .
Every segment of society - individuals , families , communities , and businesses - benefits from public transportation .
Suddenly the doorbell rang , distracting him from his inner struggles , and he heard his Mother opening the door .
I found out about this new shop from friends and pictures online so I decided to come check it out for myself .
However , at the last moment , you understand that the ocean is there , in eternally beloved Spain .
We will us the money for build another educational building , and we are going to invest in the program that we did the last year .
Of course , I watch sports competitions on TV from time to time , like swimming or running .
I also have the proficiency ( CPE ) degree and I have been to the USA several times so my English knowledge is good .
Personally , I would love to take one year off , and I think I would spend it travelling around Europe .
Mankind has always strived for freedom in one way or another , and taking away the control of their own house , their sanctuary , will not be taken lightly by them .
First of all , celebrities are usually wealthy , so they have an easier life than other people .
According to the schedule train arrives to platform # 5 of Central Station at 9 am .
In some countries , the amount of transportation such as train is not sufficient , which forces people to use private cars .
80 - 20 BC , wrote forty books of world history and in the translated version by Oldfather ( 1939 ) , Siculus provided early documents of purifying water such as boiling and sand filtration , dating all the way back to 2000 BC in ancient Greek .
Secondly , it is necessary for the government to warn people the serious problems caused by constructing large - scale buildings .
I think you should save money for the future , because you may have to buy something importantwith your own money .
The cost of having a car is hence not as cheap as we think if we also take into account those avoidable extra cost .
She brushed it off and went to the kitchen to put all the groceries on the kitchen counter .
There is also another free program that is called Skype where you can talk to eachother and text eachother totally free !
The idea behind it is to quicken the pace of the game and preventing it from becoming stalled .
I think that 50 years ago people could n't even imagine what the life would be like in our time .
In my opinion music like this should be diplayed more often in the radio and other mass media .
To got to the Big Ben we took the underground , but to get to the London Eye a red bus .
And without getting stuck in a city for delays for drivers . on public transport there is the possibility that you 're standing on the whole trip , there is always a lot of people , is cold in the winter and in the summer it 's too hot .
If you want to take up swimming I will recommend you to do your best and if you like it you will enjoy it at the same time you make exercise
In addition , everyone wants to have a moment of privacy and because journalists papparazzi can not have a moment to relax , tutoring for children or dependent on what else you want to do it and you can not because journalists .
The place , my colleagues , and my dear students are enough testimonies that in Gala I have found a home … and a family to love , really for real .
To sum up , there are numerous benefits to use public transport , and it will not disappear .
It can make people feel youthful and it matches to the taste of young adults which are Trivago 's target customers .
I would like to be a graduate school student of Financial Accounting in The University of Texas at Austin .
The head of the enterprise must have the knowledge and experience to make the right and reasonable decisions .
They 're more for self - defense but for what I do , and my way to stay healthy , is martial arts and running .
Whether you want to visit some interesting place or building , you should go to our zoo , which is near Zlín in Lešná .
However , they stopped us from doing many fun things as well , what are those things , do we really need computers , are they really helping us ?
I have seen your advertisement for the job of the USA Summer Camps advertised in the local newspaper on the seventh of June .
When I was young we used to have a piano in our dining room because my mother used to play that .
Usually my eating habits are similar to the most Portuguese ; I have my breakfast around 7.30 and 8.00 , I eat bread with cheese or jam and I drink a large glass of milk with cereals .
Besides , he also came to being keen on learning foreign languages so much so that he decided to enroll on courses of French and German .
The purpose of the chef is soup and creamed corn to start , beef medallion covered bittersweet of carrot sauce with nuts and the dessert chocolate cake with cheese .
The menu is more than one would expect from a pub or even a gastro - pub .
In my point of view I recommend you to stop going to sport classes , because I think music classes are better because you can also get a job in a orchesta or something like that .
Extremadura is a small place where you can not find many transport types .
The first one is to study a lot of Grammer lessons and the second one is to learn how to organize my ideas for a long period of time speaking .
The aim of this report is to give advice about the best places for the young people in my home town .
To finish , if you want to , you can be an English tutor at my University for the whole time you are going to stay in the city .
The little boy more and more sadly , tears rolled down from his eyes , my brother pity him , he gave the little boy his smartphone and open a good music , the little boy stopped to cried and started to smiled .
The advantage they get is the following : They dont't have to look for parking possibilities , they can leave the bus or the train and a few minutes after they can begin to work .
China is a big industrial country so there are a great number of factories and trucks .
I 'd love to hear from you and maybe we can make some plans to meet up .
I have worked as a assintant cook in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer I worked in other restaurant in London , however I would like to look after children because I have studied to be a teacher .
Another key factor was the coach , who knew how to convey the skills and techniques to children .
Our company is a small and based company which works within the same field for almost 50 years .
I believe that the public transport does n't have future because travelling by car is so much more convenient and comfortable .
However , as a disadvantage , we must consider the cost of studying abroad , because it can be rather expensive .
By reading the history , we can know that some disasters happened every the year of Jaiwu .
My favorite activity is football , it 's very funny to play it with all my friends , I also like to play floorball but it is n't as fun as football .
The program I start at school was very tough for me , because my slow English writing .
It is a hot summer 's day and Agatha has just switched off the computer of her office for coming back home .
Actually I intend to study law but since there is no ' law ' in the subject choices so I chose economics .
My mother told me that you would have to take care of it by yourself when I went to ask her if I could keep the cat .
In addition to that , a law has been enforced to plant a tree in front of each building .
In the evening we went to Siracusa and we stayed in the hotel because we were tired .
Morgan Freeman is the best actor of all times and perfect for the role of developer tricks and helper of the FBI to catch the " Four Horsemen " .
First , it is necessary for my job ; second it is my hobby .
In the matter of that , information concerning what people do , or could do , are going to be shown .
We searched and found the 300 kw turbine is installed on Ras Ghareb on Red Sea not on Zafrana and Its model is Nordtank NTK 300 .
I want to live to a ripe old age , but at the same time I am afraid of it .
When the American series ' House ' was firstly broadcasted on TV , it immediately hooked the audience .
In Occupying the Wall Street , the US did not seems to be much more peaceful than Tiananmen Massacre .
Ss could hardly hear each other well because of the rectangular layout of the room .
Also during this period , I was involved in a local community project to build community hospital . while on this project , I interact and shared ideas with other professionals on the project .
Everybody has the right one for a change but it should be for the betterment and not for the worse .
about my rest of family , as I said before they are just a relatives , but even if they are not friends almost , but I do love them to much , first one is my aunt , the dead one , and the other who still alive , but i do n't feel that felling of love towards my uncle , I do love him , but he is just my uncle no more .
It was while I was coming in and out from the kitchen I found my niece standing on a side of the table eating ham .
Not only are they well - known for its long tradition but it also famous for the hospitality of inhabitants living here which attract domestics and foreign tourists come here to see the famous sights as well as shopping for souvenirs .
But despite how hard dancing can be , it is also really fun , and that 's actually what makes me enjoy it the most .
Clown Bassie , on the other hand , is an actor of a TV - programme for children .
The majority of the male and female respondents enjoy going to nightclubs in their spare time .
She is sometimes mean to people if you are not her friend , but normally she is VERY kind .
The best place for young people in our area is without doubt the countryside with the lake .
The first step is to design the looking of the bank notes and then prepare skilled machinists for metal plates .
First I have achieved a good level of English because I have lived in the UK from July 2012 .
The scientists try to make people 's life easier but that 's harmful for people 's health because that make people do n't move and more fat .
Others problems cited included pretty low uptime of the website , connection issues and login problems , particularly correct credentials not working .
Should you have further questions , do not hesitate to contact me at any time .
On Sunday , my father planned to take my whole family to Causeway Amador .
Michael had a chemestry test the next day , however he was n't in the mood to study and so he decided to call Alex , his best friend :
By the way , I had experience in the organization of sport and evening activities because at the university I did a course of Public Relations .
What is more , you will not be satisfied with the shopping if you lack money and can not afford to buy the thing which you really want .
Of course , for people to live better , but it would be useful to modern houses to be constructed so as to do not damage the environment .
Should you need any additional information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
Of course , you must visit Red Square , the Kremlin and Saint Basil 's Cathedral .
I had been staying at home for five days , I was n't really willing to see other people .
Having an easy access to such a rich offer before having developed the ability to operate correct choices or filter the information received , our kids and juniors are constantly under attack of dangerous behaviour models , being attracted by the ones who seem the most winning and cool ones , without any chance to distinguish if they can be taken as a guide to their growth or not .
There are also supermarkets in each shopping mall , where you can buy food and beverages as well as housekeeping items .
Mostly the Badminton Clubs sell all kinds of Badminton equipment for beginners and professionals . Do n't be lazy !
I love to work with children and that is also why this job would be perfect for me .
It 's also our responsibility to protect it and to do our best to prevent it from being polluted .
I 'm afraid I 'm not quite with you , even approve public transport will get more in the future .
First I advise you to come and visit my hometown , because it is a nice one .
The main hero is a mysterious stranger , betrayed by everyone , sold into slavery , chosen by fate to administer revenge , will become one of 47 warriors that defy death .
I also read books in English , so I think my English is certainly good enough for this job .
In my opinion , introducing specific non - smoking areas in this type of establishments could be an excellent idea .
His kids dreamed with a big house that has a pool , a third floor , Jacuzzi and a beautiful landscape to the beach , also they wanted to have a dog , if they had one it would be called Winy .
In my opinion the public trasnport is more expensive and it is less comfortable that the car , because the car is faster that the public transport .
In the same way , Rowh ( 2006 ) points out that it is important to get controlled our self .
According to this fact , parents often shape their children 's lives encouraging them to follow in their footsteps .
Therefore , to look after children aged 8 - 12 years old is n't easy task , but as a father or parent you must always given them good care in terms of your responsibilities .
They can simply travel when they choose and not be tied to a timetable that has been devised out of their control .
Therefore , we went out at night after university classes and we preferred soft soil paths than pavement .
First of all , it is quite hard to enjoy shopping when you are forced to do it .
I would like to recommend this hobby to many people , because it give us the sense of nature , and fills the house with the joy and happiness .
Buses are slow and noisy , and when you can get off of them , you are tired and angry , and probably you are not on time .
Secondly , we should improve our regulations that rules impose people lowering using things make a lot of pollution illustrate , using big vehicles or about building big facilities such as big factories .
I appreciate his a lot , because he stayed with me and my sister and his life changed completely .
Once again , their relationship began as friends and transforms into love as they help each other conquer personal challenges .
Hello , my name is Sebastian and I will talk about Azul Historico , which is a restaurant in Mexico City .
Finally , it still provides a useful way of travel for all who do n't have a driving licence .
Basketball can be played and enjoyed with as a few as two people even if the official games of basketball require 10 people .
My passion for travels goes back in years to when I was just a child : As I am a curious person I like tasting new foods and discover new places .
For example , in " David Copperfield " , Dickens 's most autobiographical novel , the story is talked with a first - person narration with the point of view of the protagonist as an adult .
This is bad , because it will be necessary to work as team in their future job and then they will face serious communicative problems .
In contrast to this , the religions that have survived since the earlier times had discreet knowledge , however they had a much deeper impact .
I hope that I will enjoy that as much as I enjoyed this past year , it was truly amazing .
You play it with 32 cards and you need 3 or 4 people who are able to play it .
She could n't help staring and realised his eyes were not the shade of any typical blue .
One day , a man called Jonas was standing in front of a mountain when he saw a big bird of prey .
In fact , travelling by car is not convenient when people have their own cars for their family or themselves .
When he grew up he struggled to pass his illness and he became a sane , strong , handsome young adult man .
First of all , too many cars make towns crowded and create traffic jam , which is counterproductive .
I love be with them , they help me to do my work , they teach me to be better person , I have more patient now and I know now to be happy .
Nowadays everybody has one or more cars , as a consequence of that , some people believe that public transport is going to disappear .
Reasons for doing a play : learners will learn whole chunks of language in a clear context and they will learn not only their parts .
As this may cause us to lose traditions and cultural identity , it will definitely bring more opportunities for everyone .
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years , Equipment and tools have evolved since the beginning of human history .
At first we thought that the idea was just a joke , but Jake , one of my friends , said that he had carried a video camera .
He started to make his homework , but he had trouble concentrating as the memories came back to his mind .
I arrived to Spain on Sunday morning , It was a lovely sunny day in Malaga .
Saying that , the music that they like is pop music and reggeton as they can dance together .
I 'm sure you do know that I 'm obsessed with rock music and that is why I could n't miss the boat .
However , I do n't think that this affirmation would be correct for a person who lives in a big city , what is more if you take in a count the economic aspects .
the mistake is something you may do unintentionally however , people believe that mistakes can later be improved or ignored whereas , sometimes we may make mistakes that could break somebody 's heart .
The cards included the programmee of the concert and some photos of children from all the world .
I love the World Cup , however i certainly would have preferred if it had been in another country .
This image will probably look like where the fairies live or associate it with a fairy tale .
For those interested in top fashion brands I would recommend visiting the shops in the main street .
Additionally , one team had finished reconstructing their story while other teams needed more time to finish the task .
we should encourage public transportation all we can because every city now has huge number of cars run on it 's streets and this number is going up speedy .having this huge increasing of cars that will impact badly in public health & environment and infrastructure .
Certainly , I can offer professional bar shows and tricks to make your bar more attractive to the customers .
To me , love is not about having two parties loving and embracing each other .
Famous people have to consider how many humans suffer from famine or work very hard to earn their living .
This is the first time I have tired this method and I neglected to leave the students extra time to be able to benefit fully from the exercise .
A negative point of the restaurant , in my view , is the lack of a dessert menu .
I like the way you gave examples how you felt and how you would change your own lessons .
I often try to play with the children interesting games , I think the games are a funny way to teach interesting things both children and older people , that is why I invent new methods to introduce the science in the children 's lives .
When we arrived there , last summer in July , the owners welcame us with a magnificent basket of fresh fruits in the room and a variety of drinks in the fridge all included in the room 's fee .
I live in a small town called Grycksbo and I 've been part of Unga Kris volunteering programs since the summer 2010 .
So by considering different ideas and opinions , finally I chose computer engineering as my university major .
I think it 's very useful - and right now I sound like your Mom - is eating properly .
That morning , Michael woke up full of energy , and feeling very optimistic about his first day in his new job .
They also told me that they plan on introducing a new tea set menu during the day so stay tune !
Afterwards , you are able to print the sheets of the bank notes(50 bank notes per sheet ) .
Every week we watch a different type of film so that we can please every member and improve our cinematography knowledge .
Among my colleagues and friends , I have a reputation to be mature , responsible and easy - going person .
Some people may argue that we can buy a second - hand car if we ca n't afford a brand new one .
The arrangements are simple and effective and the powerful voice plays harmoniously with the rich sound .
Even through people listen to the radio advertisement of Trivago , they probably do not know how to spell the word ' Trivago ' as it is not a normal vocabulary .
She felt somehow nervous " I know we are doing this to escape this inferno but ... I have a bad feeling about this " but it was too late .
The old man said , " You feel happy , Do n't you ? " Michael nodded .
Although , governments are likely to face economic stress initially , which means they have to invest more money into upgrade technology instead of other field such as education , infrastructure and medical care , this strategy could affect dwellers ' physical health and promote their living standard .
In addition to this It pushes me to keep on trying so that I can get everything right .
That was the first crime I comited and here I am now , in jail .
I finally trap them their names were Lucius Fowley and Bob Parker I tell the police and the police put them on jail .
For example snowboarding , which has all the excitement of surfing but on snow , is more dangerous even than skiing .
Without expecting it at all , this family went somewhere over Asia to start a new way of living .
Anyway , before the BBC had announced who was going to play the Doctor 's role , the fans had started making suppositions about who could act as him .
I am a fairly calm person and I am interested in reading every kind of books therefore I have a quiet life .
An individual must be aware of the result of his act on the environment , be it due to personal or professional act , in order to maintain it in healthy state .
The usage of genetically modified crops has proven to be dangerous for humans as well as for the environment .
Having own car or means of transportation is the dream of every individual including me .
They used props , thick make - up , gowns , wigs and all sorts of accessories .
Moreover , if you have a good ability you can attend in a competition to try your best . I am a member of Badminton club in the city , if you 're interested in badminton , let 's come and enjoy yourself .
Human live has change a lot in the last years , and it seems that this will happened faster every day , the technology advances and the changes in the way of thinking , are adapting to a different kind of people with each human generation .
The first time I took part in the youth forum was in 2012 and since then it has been a big part of my life .
On the other hand , we tend to have higher expectations and less patience when it comes to our loved ones .
4- If you believe that you can easily prevent frozen shoulder , then of course you are right .
In conclusion , because of intimate support , growth in life experiences , and emotional interaction , I agree with the statement that the social life has more of an effect on my happiness than does my occupation .
So , according to my personal experiences , I think that children can benefit from keeping a pet .
When we were in Thailand we saw many different animals , everything from big leguans to rainbow fishes and deadly sea - snakes .
What I liked most about him is that he agreed to grow a huge beard in order to get into role .
For example , when you go to Metropolitan museum of art in New York city , you can see lots of historical monuments and items belong to American history and also other countries ' history .
It 's very important to remember if you 're famous , you should protect your family .
thanks for the letter which has just arrived . I 've read that you 're writing a term paper on the chances of developing counties to profit from the electronic revolution , are you ?
I am writing in response to your advertisement which I saw in the International Newspaper to apply for the job in the USA Summer Camps .
If someone asks me what is the most important thing to start practicing ( or even following ) this terrific sport , I 'd say it 's the passion in wearing your club 's jersey and the respect towards your adversaries ' .
The woman had smiled to Alice and had given her some words of advice , " Young girl you lose something important to you .
I like parkour because its really fun i also like guitar and playing video games .
Another simple solution I think could help is to study as well as to review content during sessions before a certain exam , to help the students study whilst still having a class .
Their first date was more or less awkward , which was typical for most first dates in life .
This essay will argue that genetically modified food can be the way out of the problem of food deficit and this will be done by focusing on its environmental benefits and increasing food yield .
So , little by little , and as economic conditions of people improves , public transport will eventually disappear .
This is a common issue : in fact juvenile obesity is increasing with bad consequences such as premature diabetes or a permanent disease .
Most people listen for the meaning of what you are trying to say , and do not notice your mistakes .
Bullying may be defined as the activity of repeated , aggressive behavior intended to hurt another individual , physically , mentally or emotionally .
I would therefore suggest that local products be protected and valorised , to be able to reply to the threat represented by low price imported ones .
I do n't have a favourite subject , but l like English because we can comunicated all over the world .
It all depends on the type of person buying it , their personality and a wide range of other characteristics which will not be covered now .
I tried to use different strategic inputs that could help me to argue , for example : You are totally uninterested to read between lines ! You never listen to me!I even called him a lummox and stumblebum .
It also creates the comparison of Titania , a beautiful , delicate creature , whilst Bottom is completely grotesque .
In addition to the farm work , living in a society of trust in each other is essential for these people .
The social networks such as : Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... we are really have many things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " and a dozen of stuffs that we can make an action to interactive with others ... so may it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care our healthy .
Of course there are also negative observations about this film : for example there are some pornographic scenes in the middle of the story : they are n't interesting and they during so much time .
Here is a picture from the last summer when we were in Halland on an island called Nidingen !
Also , we think that these songs can represent different kinds of processes and language we have seen in class .
Using public transportation is better than use individual cars , but we should put more attractive things inside it and should have new designs and more privacy and luxury means , expanding in electric car and other clean energy is very important right now to reduce environment 's pollution as far as we can .
The voices in his head kept repeating : " Michael , you should have kissed her .
The first good thing is they have low cost and here you can meet students from all around the world .
According to the reality a lot of young people are n't very communicated in their life .
I wo n't tell you any more as it can spoil the story , but the film is definitely worth watching .
To take account that it has been improving day by day , we can meet the appearance of very exotic and amazing mixtures of modern and national music almost in every country .
Above all , car travelling is not only convenient but also free in your journey which leads public transportation into a fading future .
When we worked at the kindergarten she was very patient and caring with the children and also she was willing to help them whenever they had a problem , even if that implied had work for her .
My favourite sport is swimming because it is the one I have been practising for a long time ago since I was a kid .
Suddenly , a deafening noise coming from the dining room stopped the party but nobody knew what happened .
I agree this affirmation because the public transport is more expensive than car , is slow and is less economic .
It is a problem of mentality , if we had born in a society that used the public pranspor I thought that is the better and we would use then normally .
It is a great opportunity for me to practise my skills and socialize with children from a foreign country .
The animals I like to hunt most is birds , rabbits , moose and roe deer .
First of all , for many parents to have professional knowledge or good teaching skills is very difficult .
For instance , I spent some time last night eating tapas on a small street in a laid - back atmosphere .
To know more information having a green lifestyle , I participated in the Green & Organic Health Run 2013 .
For all these reasons I am the most suitable candidate for this post and my experience is proof of it .
On the first day in France , we bought a French croissant for breakfast .
All in all , parents are a great source of experience , which can help them to be good teachers .
It is definitely worthwhile to study there , although it is advised to let students choose the activities they prefer .
I think every family has got a television in own home and for example I have 4 televions in mine .
I do really thank my mother and all the members for paying the patient and exertion to me .Now we have great relationship with each other and treasure the happiness we get not so easy .
I think it would be fascinating go sightseeing around there and I could find some souvenir for my family .
Eating " tapas " is a very popular way of having a meal in Spain .
And controlling your voice is also important for the film actors , in spite of having the support of audio operators , they still have to deal with the same problems as stage actors that is keeping your voice expressions in compliance with the acting , resonate moving , communicate emotions and feelings of their model character .
Based on all the problems listed ( and many more ) , we must find solutions that will help both students and professors to deal with exam stress .
An excessive amount of cars on the road is not an option as this could cause problems in most metropolitan areas .
A second later a child entered the shop and began to move around quickly .
Firstly , they allow us to travel fast by road , mostly to the exact place we want to go .
If we only live in our original family , parents will probably forgive us when we make mistakes .
By doing so , you immediately take advantage of the time in your life doing something essential .
Also I encourage you to visit Ukraine and to see its sightseens , to feel culture and speak to nice people !
I remember i woke up at 6 o'clock for took the train and went to Paris in France .
Second , soccer is very interesting game because when I play soccer I feel very happy .
The title of one of the best thriller movies I have ever seen is " Seven " .
And last but not least as a player one has to keep in mind that , they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands , where instead of that one has to fight until the last mint of the game in order to decide whether the player is winner or loser .
Suddenly the chair jerked up and went straight out of the window while I was still sitting on it .
No matter how wrong I may sound , believe me , it is so true .
The finals tournament , which is held every four years , now involves 32 national teams competing .
After he had arrived to home , he fell asleep and he started to think of his next adventure ..........
Then you must visit Venice the city on the water where every part of the city is a little treasure .
In conclusion , people need to find a right way which can save much time and energy to study these two subjects .
Puskás Ferenc stadium has ample seats for the spectators .
Nowadays , I usually go swimming twice a week and I really enjoy swimming because I can chill out and disconnect my mind .
He is 9 years old and he is really good at saying what he wants all the time .
I 'm really glad to know about your future plans , I definitley think that this year of travelling and discoverying will be a great way to grow up , meet new people of different cultures .
Then there is the older brother of the boy ( vampire ) and also falls in love in her .
I studied in a state school and I believe that I get a good education not only academic training but also strong principles to live in society .
From an attitudinal perspective , people must first be convinced of the benefits of public transportation .
Her plan was so clever and deceptive as to escape detection until the last card had been played .
I have to say that it is one of the most amazing feeling that I have ever felt in my life .
While reasons can be given to justify the latter , I am in favour of the former .
Once damaged sheets are discovered , partically separate them into good and bad ones and them burn the bad notes , making sure that the remaining sheets are of good quality .
The reason is that we have to wake up in the very early morning for avoiding the traffic jam to attending school , working , etc .
Consequently , we feel happy so easily because my friend has a good sense of humor .
Chichen - Itza is one of the seven wonders of the world .
A couple of hours later , already in his office , he received a call .
That saves time because they receive each request only once and in an organised manner .
He : lol I think I will win :P you wo n't be able to write about nothing for very long :)
It was raining cats and dogs when she realized that he had lost one of the most important things in her life .
If there is any problem with the cash registrer ( very common , actually ) , you have a phone number under it of a good technician .
A thing that i would like that people knew is that its not a good idea that wake me when i m sleeping .
For example , if you want to find someone who likes the same movie genders or series on social media , all you have to do is type in an interest .
Although they want the best for their children sometimes is difficult because they are tired and they tend to prepare junk food and allow them to spend their time on the internet or playing with the game machine .
So , I do n't find difficult to organize competitions or activities for children .
On the other hand , he is disciplined , because he is able to stop with his imagery at once .
As my departure came closer , I started to question myself more and more if this was a good idea and if I would have a good time all those things .
If you want to work here , you must know languages , for example : English , French or German .
My task there were vary from working with children of all ages to organise events , sport activities and evening activities . I also helped with cleaning the centre , helping in the kitchen with cooking and working closely with clients and customers in our Café .
the more sport you practise the better you feel , indeed , your mood would not be blue anymore and your body will be thin and gorgeous .
If the bus was taken more often , instead of going by car , it would be of great help .
All in all , in most cases using your own car can save you money , time and effort .
I definitely recommend this sport to everyone who wants to keep fit , have fun amongst their friends , and live happy life .
I am writing to apply for the job in summer camps which was advertised in the USA newspaper last week .
That is why I totally agree with Richardson 's modality dealing with this important issue which is present in students , schools and parents lives nowadays .
On the contrary , it should widen its goals and continue offering new services for the time being .
On the other hand , you can visit book shops whether you are pensioner and you have a lot of free time .
You do not need much to make children happy and let them enjoy the positive energy given by sane sports competition .
In the public transport you do n't have your own sit so sometimes you travel standing which is not very comfortable and in winter you do n't have air conditioning so if it 's cold in the outside it 's cold inside the transport to , sometimes you have to travel with sick people that can transmit you the illness .
What is meant by a restricted sense is that for adults , who are healthy and able bodied , having access to personal transportation is arguably quite attractive .
Indeed , what I did in vacations was sleep the whole day , hang out with my " Unfamous " friends and write and compose two and a half songs .
People die , but books never die " it depends on the historical time and the technical revolution of this time taking into account that that knowledge uprising is always accompanied by a technical revolution which supports the entrance of the information ; for instance , in the inquisition , the knowledge was limited because it was embodied in books .
On the other hand , eating fast food frequently may lead to some negative effects on customer 's health .
as a Surf Instructor during the summer holidays in my home town of Zarautz .
The choice of telecommunication industry in this framework is related to the vital role of loyalty and retention in this service setting .
These persons usually give arguments such as that the public transport is never in time , or that is difficult to get your destination using it and without having to take 3 different routes or even that public transport is not as suitable for a made up short notice trip as can be a car in property .
That is why , many cities has close their centres to private cars and only allows public transport .
This place really stole my heart and I miss its atmosphere , regular visitors and people I worked with .
Conversely , there are many teenagers who need to take their time and see much of what the world has to offer them .
As European citizens we are bounded directly or indirectly with the loads of social problems and issues in Europe so we have to acquire our right of free access to information privately and randomly in order to stop corruption , to acquire knowledge about our rights .
One more reason is that banks provides loan at a lower interest which makes people to buy one to improve their comfort level .
But let me tell you that I was confused in the best way , not because it was rather wacky but because happenend unexpected .
This kind of action , when peformed collectively , requires coordenation of efforts and abitity to work together , two qualities that are frequently forgotten in our individualistic world .
One of the most controversial issues nowadays is that a large sector of the society deals with newspapers as a daily routine .
So I invite you to join the love and passion when you feel when you are playing or watching a match of football , and if you share this love with another person the passion increases a lot , your feelings are in their higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second you can start to cry because you 're team ca n't finish the way to the championship .
The movie revealed the ironic reality and the ignorance and stupidity of some unkind people during the segregation time .
I live in a city , and for many people live like me , the most convenient transport is the public transport .
Everything that does n't grow is dead , and death is the opposite of life .
During the year in Ghana , I was part of a team of volunteers working with children .
Another reason why travel by plane is my favourite is because it is more comfortable to sleep except you have a loud person close to you .
The reading passage mentions three ways to prevent cane toads from spreading , while the speaker offers three reasons to refutes the reading passage .
But then , every once and a while , one can also hear stories of brothers fighting over the inheritance , or a parent not speaking to their child for making a wrong life decision .
I believe myself to be a proficient cook , as I 've always cooked for my family in the weekends .
Thus , it can be seen that global warming has accounted for a series of extreme weather phenomenon .
I am writing to apply for one of the jobs in the summer camp that you advertised on the Internet .
The man was so far from her that she had to run very fast towards him .
Every weekend we leave everything and meet to spend time together , to share news , love and plans .
" Golem " as we all know , are magical creatures , made from mud and having black rocks for the eyes , which can be brought to life by a incantation .
Mary smiled to Peter and said:"You are welcome , now , you have to enjoy your family .
Finally , I think that to compete in sports has some benefits and disadvantages , but when is controlated there are some benefits that help you to whole you life .
As for my cooking abilities , I used to work as a kitchen assistant during the summertime .
Then we went to Taormina and we visited a lot of things : the Greek theatre , Corvaia palace and the Sicilian ' pupi ' , Roman Odeon and a public garden and other beautiful places .
After two years , the winner was decided , and he made Japan go into poverty .
Most importantly , this early intervention can help many kids with dyslexia to overcome their educational failure .
The gaming community in the world is growing fast and most of the boys that have a computer play games .
The aim of this report is to assess the most interesting shops for tourists and make some suggestions .
If I have to get to somewhere on time in rush hour , I will first consider the subway over drive a car .
Most people associate brand products automatically with higher quality or better taste , while they think no name products are just cheap and without any quality and a bad taste .
Alison swallowed her laughter inside her , knowing this was not the appropriate time to joke around .
as you already know , I 'm from a little town , Kętrzyn .
My job was cleaning the cinema , but Fred 's main responsibility was to roll the movies for the clients , so I 'd make sure I finished cleaning earlier , so I could enjoy watching movies with him .
Traffic accidents , the main problem of car travelling , will be solved by self - driving technology .
So , almost everybody , who lives in Budapest , has the chance to use this form of rubbish collection .
I am writing regard that your service of outsourcing because I am currently having a problem with my accounted for this reason I am looking for a new service that can help me .
He did like his job but as we all know , sometimes people suddenly feel they have to change something .
my name is Eleonora Palerma , I am 17 years old and I live in a city in northern Italy called Seregno .
When the Civil War ended , the country was completely destroyed and people had nothing to eat .
On the wall there are some pictures of my family , but I do n't nave any posters .
During a gap year you have the chance to consider all the issues connected with your future .
In summer I go swimming as there is a beautiful pond with pure water where my Granny lives .
There is no easy way to carry our weekly shopping , stuff for the gym or instruments on public transport .
He did n't have time to get scared because all what he was thinking was why he does n't wake up at once .
There must be something very special about a movie when , after the third time , you 're still getting out of the cimena thinking " I have to see it again " .
I have already worked in summer camps in France and in Italy for children aged 7 - 13 . I am cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
In conclusion , Physical Education are necessary at schools because sports improve our health and make us feel good and healthy .
I hope that those people who wrote this article can change their thought and can likely to write a very useful article .
In addition to that , they will be able to offer a connected table that could fit ht whole class , professionally named , the meeting table .
Work , for most of us , will be the defining aspect of life and thus of our identity .
Beyond that throughout my university education , I have been a participant of scientific conferences and I took pains to practically assimilate everything I had learnt during my study .
I 'm sorry I haven't written sooner , but I was still very busy .
Finally , there will be an evaluation of its advantages and disadvantages as well as the present situation .
I think I had watched almost all the football matches in history especially when it was the FIFA World Cup season .
A final notable change is that football stadium was erected in the south of the city in 2010 .
There are no walls separating the foyer from the dining room or the kitchen from the guests .
No time to speculate , it is time to act and implement all these measure we know .
Just a few more days and then we will be on our way to our holiday destination .
I believe I possess the necessary skills and experience you are seeking and would make a valuable addition to your company .
In my opinion , there are so many things we have to discover yet , and much more we left back as we progress .
As far as the students are concerned , they will be able to correct inadequate strategies or behaviour , know the difficulties they encounter in the learning - teaching process and evaluate their proper process .
These cars can go down to their destination and then , go up again until the driver pushes a button .
I attach a full CV and if you require more information , I would be very happy to provide it .
So , you do n't know what to do with your promel , do you ?
It was in August , my parents and my brother were on holiday in Mallorca for a week , and that same day my sister and her boyfriend travelled from Yecla to Paris in a package travel .
I have many hobbies , but one of my favourite hobbies is to ski downhill , because I love doing it .
Even now , as he stood in the doorway of this abandoned apartment building he knew that they may be hot on his trail .
Of course , in summer I like to exercise more than in winter but this do n't stop me .
Internet is the most effective way to start a business and to look for a job , many people uses Internet to work , and they earning money every month .
The group is going to perform in The Globe theatre and they have promised to meet your expectations .
Some people think that this job should be done by the parents and others think unfairly that this is the teacher 's responsibility .
However , I strongly assert that movies and TV programs made in other countries are better for the following reasons .
But , in life , you ca n't hold onto the past . You have to keep moving forward .
Ecotourism Bacalar Quintana Roo .
Also it would be great if you could inform me of some special discounts , such as cheaper air travelling .
One second later , Michael was covered in coffee , burnt and sticky and his mobile phone screen was twinking until it finally turned off with a dying flash .
This past year was special for me , I graduated from High School and I took a gap - year .
I believe there are numerous possibilities on public transport because cars and public transport play completely different roles in our society .
Near the mountain ( about 20 kilometres ) you can find beaches , but I recommend the beaches on the South , Andalusia .
and the second one is that fashion or style of young people who do n't like more go somewhere using a car than bike .
That 's my dream"when I joined the faculty of languages and translation I was very happy because I achieved my dream .
But when the dinner started there was nothing to worry , because my classmates appeared supportive and patient .
I am writing to you , because I 've heard that you 're planning a trip to our city - Katowice .
I start this sport when I was 11 years old , my dad let me go to box and I start that sport .
However , there is some debate that it is against ethics to let warrior robots participate in modern wars and fight with real soldiers ( Troop , 2012 ) .
Of course you can share your opinions and experiences about your stay wherever and with whoever you wish .
Lucila has proved herself to be extremely sincere and reliable person since I met her .
I am always willing to help in anything . I can be very creative when in comes to fun things .
I would prefer to do the sailing on the river , because as you know I never learn how to ride a bike .
One day in the post , I had an argument with a man who studied in the same university as me , and I challenged him to fight with me : I thought it would solve the problem between us .
Reducing the rush hours in the main hours cause a CO2 reduction in the air .
We can also say that with cars you have to find a parking , so you can waste time and sometimes pay for that .
He is wise and brave , because he was not scared to teach me although he is not a teacher .
The Original soundtrack created by Nicola Piovanni it 's also a beautiful , delicate plus to this masterpiece .
I am an assertive and proactive girl who is plugging away towards a great number of goals .
A police officers car was zooming in his direction , sirens blaring .
The city was deserted that night , as Michael and I wandered through the narrow streets .
Chemistry may have the chance in the next fifty years to confirm their theories about the existence of atoms .
The purpose of this report is to explain the that my town has become more aware in the need of taking care of the countryside .
Do we need friends or family members if technology can take care of us ?
Watching " as in heaven , in hell " was hilarious although it is a horror movie .
Thanks a lot for your invitation and if I was n't so busy , I would travel around with you .
Everyone deserves privacy , but public figures should be aware of the fact that the society wants to know about them as much as it 's possible .
But immediately she realize that it was one of her friends ' tricky plan and she started to laugh with them .
These consequences vary , one example would be that students may get lower grades on their exams , or even fail them .
What is more , celebrities as ordinary people need some time to rest and some time to build deep relationship with others .
I did so by clearly outlining principles , which proved to work with their target audience and can keep using as a guide .
However , public transportation in the future might be improved and developed and will still be used by many people .
My name is Agustina López I was born in 1999 on 12th April .
And we use graphics to make all kinds of things , like games or 3D house models that help engineers .
There are some places in developing countries , for example in remote or highland areas , people have not seen a car for many years , they have no choice except old buses to travel .
Also , we can change our emotions by releasing some invisible chemicals which can trigger off reactions in our brains .
Irritated , John knows the Agatha 's difficulties and before to go away , he calls Agatha without Michael for telling her another important thing .
In conclusion , I would say that developing is not very good for human , and little by little the world will be demolished by human errors .
We speak most of the time , so it is good to develop our confidence and fluency to converse .
I always make sure to get what I want and I do n't stop until I get it .
If you are late , you can use subway because it is faster , safer and cheeper .
As a result , I believe that my social life has more of an effect on my happiness .
This can be noted in the fact that I was head of entertainment in my High School for two years .
The internal aspects are : design of organization , communication , HRM - orientation and leadership .
this may cause not only the animal death by being run over but also the passengers ' death if the driver tries to stop and lose the control of the car .
pastimes , when I cook it 's usually for a big group of friends , so preparing meals is actually something I
I , m from Córdoba so i tell you about the most famous sights in my city .
Travelling by train as a family or group is often far more expensive than taking the car .
I told them about my country and family , I was speaking English and they were understanding me !
Try to eat fresh food , such as salads , tons of fruit and you 'll feel better .
I will look forward to your notice about your decision , but I am very nervous because if you are with me , I will have the best summer in my life and I will be very happy because we will do parties with a lot of friends .
To do the same thing in the same place , people should do it in an organised manner .
Finally , scientists hypothesize that our brains are helpful enough when we can helping out other people .
However , I live in Brazil and there is no way out when it comes to soap operas .
Having said that , I also must admit that I know how hardworking you can be .
Every bank note should be coloured both sides and we even need to use special ink in case of been copied .
I enjoy travelling by bus or train , on your journey you can read or just look through the windows .
If you want to start working out you should be ready for big load on your muscles
The profile of millions of recent graduate and professional people in Spain is a young person , well prepared and without work who are thinking of going abroad as a good chance to get a job .
I live in a big city and I have the opportunity to see a lot of tourists during the year .
Luckily , it was quite warm , so there was one thing less to worry about .
In this case , teaching would n't be monotonous and with no opportunities or prospects .
It 's a good idea , but ... I 've got an aviophobia !
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon with all the details which you can provide me .
As far as I am concerned there are now a few rules in our town legislation that if you do not take care of your garbage or if you take papers to the floor you will have to pay a fine .
The characters in the play like ' moonlight ' are basic ideas of transformations like ones that magic creates .
I like swimming because it is a sport that makes me work all my body and it is also a really complete sport .
You are able to read the sheet music and I think you will learn to play the piano in a while . '
The price was supposed to be 10 pounds , but they end up being 25 pounds , so Tom had to put money from his own pocket .
I think that I should pass because I worked hard and this is the last subject to finish my studies .
It is an activity that requires many people , which improves your social skills and your overall ability to manage a group .
Doing promotion is one of the ways to improve its image .
Fourth , take the eggs out and let them cool for about five minutes .
After he finished the book , he wanted to go to the Kabaa and do rites of pilgrimage .
It 's been so long since we last talk ... and I have some great news !
After two weeks he returned to France , but we keep in touch even today .
At the end of the 14th century , Cáceres was conqueted by the Romans .
In this set of materials , the listening passage discusses advantages of alcohol and how they contribute to improve health , and personality and the reading contradict this by revealing down side of it .
The service provided by the restaurant is exceptional for example , the waiting time is very short .
While they were walking back home they heard a journalist commenting what incident have happened to the park .
Eye contact is another important cultural value which is used by Brazilians meaning respect and interest for others .
It is also important to mention that people who drives its own car most the time travel on their own .
That 's why I have always been making an effort to enhance my knowledge and experiences for being a teacher in my future pathway .
I am a really sporty person and I think I would be the person who you are looking for because I 'm really capable and patient with children .
Also when you spend time with your boyfriend or girlfriend , you know that someone is taking a photo of you .
Many of them have got family members , who do n't want to have anything in common with fame .
On the other hand , public transport now become non hygienic as lots of people are crowded into a small and closed area and so a lot of breathes & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed place and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases especially in the winter season where the respiratory tract infections flourish e.g. cold & flu .
Moreover , it is faster to travel by car than by any other public transport - planes are an exception to this rule .
It is well known that this kind of facility help students make the most of their time while learning English .
Some people do n't like this food , but in this restaurant you can eat other types of food , for example Spanish food and Mexican food .
Moreover , I was fascinated by the feeling of belonging to a team in which each member shares the same goals and values .
To my great astonishment I witnessed a completely different pattern of behaviour time and again .
New methods are continually added in the literature and shows the importance of fingerprints in criminal investigation system .
The next days the boss ordered her to write an article about the natural beauties of Colombia , a little State located in South America .
Response : I 've been in auditing and accounting since I finished my studies in college , more than 13 years .
This is why , most of us , prefer to travel with our own car rather than by a public transport ; not only that it keeps us within our private sphere , it also keeps us dry travelling on a rainy day .
Actually , there are many huge problems are in your city just as there are no any proper drainage system for it not any specific canal system through which we can properly cleaned our city .
No all is good some people haven't got money ca n't go to another place to another place and the pollution became more and more , it is a serious problem and the solution is only for the rich people , the solution is buy an electric car , the other solution , more economic , is the government give the money to the population to buy an electric car .
In order to obtain maximum benefit from this it will be helpful if we give away product samples .
Another drawback is that unless you are really motivated , it will be difficult for you to adapt to a new city .
The 21st of April EEUU denies the Spanish sovereignty over Cuba , the 23rd of April Spain sends the Memorandum to several nations and the 25th USA declares the war to Spain .
In this way I think that is good to look up to some celebrities who are righteous .
Another good option is give them a difficult work for every day keep them busy , but I do n't know what kind of job can be , because a person who commit a crime is n't going to do something to help society like communitarian service .
What I particularly appreciated was that you can sit around the chefs and watch them prepare the food .
I like this sport since my childhood because I found that I can think about my good time when I was child and relax with myself to think carefully about my present and future .
Last but not least I 'm a great fashion expert because I work near the shopping streets !
As industrial and technological development progresses , public transport will lose passengers and the use of private cars will spread anywhere around the world .
Secondly , business suffered , with people objecting that they should be given the right to smoke if they wished .
I would like to apply for the job of instructor in the USA Summer Camp as advertised in the newspaper .
After all , we were in a team in search of personal glory to be the first to ever climb the west face of this Andes mountain !
Kike is my best friend , I met him when we were studying in the primary school , then we were six or seven years old .
The series provides an amazing window into eight different , and extraordinary worlds , with beautiful landscapes .
My living room is the best room in my house because it is big , comfortable and beautiful .
My parents are both English native speakers but to learn more about the culture I studied languages at the university and now I 'm graduated in English and French so this job is also an opportunity for me to improve my English in another state and not only with my parents and family .
Orlando Duque , with the desire to come to the World cups of 2017
Nonetheless , there are some disadvantages . If a person possesses the magic power that is too powerful for others to defend themselves from , he or she can basically rule the world .
But if I make my own food , of course I wo n't use any kind of unhealthy ingredients .
As is shown in the picture , we can obviously see that four main steps make up the process .
It will be more advantages in general and it will give us a lot of good things but maybe some bad things too .
On the other hand , children are used to eat only what they want because in general they do n't like legumes , vegetables , fruits , fish ...
It is believed that travelling by car is more comfortable and convenient for everyone , consequently car brand 's look at is as a new opportunity creating new hybrid cars in order not to damage the environment .
Linda is a modern shop where you can find the latest fashion in Milano and luxury complements from the most known companies .
Another kind of classes that are necessary are citizenship classes as teenagers nowadays are deficient in this field .
But I am really lucky person . I had found a good teacher who supported me all the time . I also had some colleagues who had the same aims as mine .
I 've seen it a couple of days ago and I was going to buy it , but it has disappeared from your
In contrast , in Taiwan , we have our own currency and the government is efficient and well - organized .
I'm Yousef Naser Bishara , I 'm from Saudi Arabia , I 'm 26 years old .
Secondly , government must fund environmental organizations , in order to manipulate and coordinate more power to stop the illegal hunting , deforesting and animal extinctions .
I really like this profession and how good it feels to spread science and knowledge to new generations .
Instead to use a selective collection of garbage , or recycling of materials , or the sanitary landfill ; we have used the dumpfill that is prejudice the soil .
Fortunately , there was a mother with her child strolling behind them , and saw Sarah got hurt .
I think that the family and friends are the most important in our lives because if you have some problems they are always here and they try to help you .
In addition , I would also like to ask you about the type of equipment you can lend to do this kind of activities and sports I have just mentioned .
If you go to Europe you can see a lot of people who go in for jogging .
First of all , vehicles designed to carry large number of people can not be unnecessary in big cities .
When we want to go on a weekend trip to the countryside car is irreplecable for families with children or animals .
That is why a lot of big name suffer from depression or even try take their life .
At that time , I was really proud of myself that I could beat him so easily .
Alison put on her coat , close the door and went to his parents house by car .
By way of conclusion , I once again reaffirm my position that advantages of learning foreign language at primary school is much outweigh than the drawbacks .
They told that it was alright if he was interested in other projects , but he still needed to give the same working performance .
She has lot of experience , she worked in a restaurant for 5 years and also can cook .
If you require any further details or references , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I would welcome the chance of being part of your company 's team since it is a world renowned firm and I am available to travel and change of residence .
Especially since the previous national competitions when she suffered a shoulder injury and could not start .
My only objection is that it sometimes went too far which made the audience dislike Dr. House .
I think there are good tv 's programmes , but people do n't give them the value that they should have .
When I need a book for my English classes I go to Waterstone or to Amazon .
To sum up , cars have advantages but , on the other hand , they can also create problems .
So , Buenos Aires , also know as the Paris from America , gives all visitors the opportunity for meeting Argentinian tradition in only one city that involves the history and the culture of the country .
In Korea , we have many kinds of work which is related to English , so you can get a job easliy .
It is my contention that the people , who have the ability to adapt or adjust conditions or circumstances have higher percentage be successful in school or work .
It is difficult to imagine what the future would hold for the European economies if the car industry collapsed .
The phenomenon of immigration of people from Africa to Europe seeking better opportunities has become common in the last decades .
I do not know how to answer this question honestly but i guess i will never know .
Now , this year , I 'll do more exercises , I'll go with my family to the beach and swim in the sea .
When I am in a bad mood I go jogging outside and hear how the birds singing .
It is quite evident that learning ancient languages today is not as relevant as it is used to be in the past .
We have enjoyed music together for nearly 20 years and most of our good times are related to that .
In my opinion we have to deal with a lot of other important point related to our culture .
I hope you can talk about it in your next letter , I really have a blast with your stories .
It is known that gossip magazines are bought by lots of people who are interested in what these people do , the kind of clothes they wear or even the tattoos they have .
Rivalries , arguments on which team is the better team and watching matches in a group just adds to the excitement .
As this topic , the one of the reason of everyone should not have to complete the military service because the freedom of choice .
Everyone should think about it which is really vital for the society ; and specially the international body should do something about it to motivate people to use public transport as much as possible .
From June to September of the 2013 I worked for a tourism company , my position had involved take after of groups of people going to England , this previous experience makes me suitable for this job announced .
The Mona Lisa is perhaps Leonardo DaVinci 's most famous of paintings .
Generally , it seems a modest sport or simple hobby , but permit meeting more and more people along the urban streets who make jogging too .
Every time , when something compels me to leave my " castle " , I feel under the weather .
The concert took place in Los Angeles , it was a month ago as I think . You can be sure that I had a time of my life .
If we disturb a fire ant nest they would relentlessly sting us , injecting poison into our body .
Like you know , I was work in a youth camp the last year , so that if you want to take this job I would like say some things that will help you .
Therefore , an active social life not only benefits my mental health but also keep me in a good mood .
For him , it 's absolutely right to begin doing something meaningful in their lives .
My favourite sport is badminton because I used to practise it when I was a child and I loved it .
After sixteen years of continues work , it is the perfect moment to take a rest and enjoy your life by travelling .
The wind was freezing cold , and now he had to walk to the office , which was a 25-minute walk .
This job in Development would enable me to transfer my learned proficiency into practice in your company .
It does n't matter if I lose time putting the bags with rubbish in a good container .
Sarah peeked through the door and immediately realized the evil intentions of the group . "
I am Brazilian , and as almost everybody in my country , I 'm a big football fan .
I also have a high level of spoken English because for 8 years I had been attending a summer camp in Scotland , where lately I was asked to carry on as instructor .
I think , one of the important historical places in Japan is the Kiyomizu temple in Kyoto .
I hope these simple actions can be used for other people because the environment needs that we work together for a better world .
It is not important if these people are friends or family , they can change our lives for better or worst , depend on you choose the best thing that it can help you .
The moment you pass the huge wooden doors , the music sets you back in Meiji Era and you feel like you are about to meet a very important samurai .
I have learnt a lot of activities which let them have fun at the same time they get in touch with nature .
Would I be able to overcome my own phobias and be fair ?
She was about to open the door when she heard a female voice coming from his office .
The reason is that , the longer you walk , the more you will feel what you are wearing .
Fortunately , this unnavoidable part of our lives is not that problematical anymore , as we may experience the pleasures of online shopping without leaving home .
In China , the wheel was certainly present in 1200 BC , for earlier Chinese wheeled vehicles , 2000 BC .
When I am walking around here I can see a lot of beautiful gardens and roads are clean so I think many population are care of town as well .
Thanks to my mom , to travels and to the people I 've met I 've learnt how to speak fearless and quite fluently in English .
I would like to describe my brother Rishabh Bantwal in this letter .
As you asked my take what I tried to do was nothing but thinking of you as if you were my son .
Surprisingly , the producer get to maintain his profits due to the proportional decrease in price as well as the cost to produce .
However , some may argue that it is also questionable whether GM food has a detrimental impact on human health .
You have to throw away every single thing you have in the correct container in order to recycle them .
In that case , I can guarantee you that today 's telly is definitely worth the money .
Mary yelled loudly at the young man to call him stop and everyone in the restaurant noticed about him .
However it could be a great time to work and earn some money for paying university or simply for saving it .
Although sometime it might be rather noisy , because of the people gathered there , I find its decor quite attractive and , as usual in this kind of restaurants , relaxing .
I love how Jessie helps me with everything I need , like with guys or family problems .
It was the first day of Max 's School excursion to the Patagonia , they had arrive there yesterrday night but , today was the day they would actually go exploring .
The main character , Jean Valdjean , played by Hugh Jackman , is jailed for stealing a loaf of bread , in a try to avoid his nephew 's death .
I try something new each time I go there , but I often order the humus , I love it .
It is also good to adopt an animal which it do n't have a home and food and give in this love and affection .
I learned about corporate communication , about management , organization and communication and some basics of marketing , etc .
The problem is that you have to book the hotels you want to stay so yoou need some time to prepare it .
And when you want to buy something in lower price , you need to go to the mall when there are seasonal sales .
In addition , enterprise may be marketing through advertising , newspapers ... it is important to listen to feedback from customers to understand and supply what they need .
For instance , my friends once bought a nice scruff with cute animal figure in a small store and I really like it after she showed me .
I would n't like to be a teacher since I do n't like children a lot .
In conclusion , there are a lot of subjects that might be taught at school , but there is no doubt that Computer Programming should be included as a highlighted subject in the syllabus of any school serious programme .
If you want to meet young people I suggest you stay in a youth hostel .
I am watching a few tv - series but I watch them over the internet so I am not trying to time the clock to see a episode .
One fine summer day I was walking along the streets of a coastal city when all of a sudden I came across a shop that caught my eye .
The price is a bit expensive , but it is a great place for lunch or dinner with the friends .
Despite this , one day Sergio realised that what he was doing was not his true dream .
And at the end of the day , nothing can beat homemade comfort food and a laugh with your family .
That will be a complete disaster because now we have nuclear weapons and we would destroy the world .
Called in a malicious way , there are 6 floors for jewerly , clothes , accessorises , gadgets , books etc .
I am sorry to hear that you 've got to give up either sport or music .
For instance , my mother always has lots of new ideas , and she likes to tell people in a funny way .
Secondly , we can expect to live in a hi - tech house , with smart furniture .
At first I was quite confused but then one of the instructors came and helped me out .
In addition , some people do not like travelling by their private cars on the highways because they fear the accidents .
Overall , I have nine years of experience in biomedical research and several years of teaching experience .
In this stage of their lives , they care more about their need to impress their peers than mature reasoning .
Though everythings were depressing , I still have a wonderful winner vacation with my family : we went to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village(九族)to visited its blooming cherry blossom.(I do n't know its variety~Is it from Japan??XD)Cherry blossom is very beautiful but there are so many people .
Although I have been having terrible jet lugged since came back my country , It 's great to see my family and my friends .
Even though robotics brings more beneficial consequences and advantages than its disadvantages , its shortcomings still should not be neglected and more scientific research should be done to improve application of robotics .
When I was about three years old we moved here , to Danderyd .
Finally , joining a sport team will provide a long period of time for students to get along with each other .
Because Danderyd is n't in the city it 's very much nature and nice people .
The weather here is sunny so I recommend you to bring summer clothes It is sad that you only come for one week but we will enjoy a lot .
Finally , I think public transport has a very good future , because it has very good advantages but also some little disadvantages , it 's also very usefull for some people .
As they talked they came to realize that they had been working at offices which were very near for almost a year .
I would like to get this job because I love children and I am a very patient person .
By this aciton a Ronaldo or messie can be payed and it is possible to buy the best Team fo the league , like Bayern Munich is doing at the Moment .
In any case , do n't hesitate to visit me and my family in Lausanne .
I have a personal experiment backs to 1987 , in this year I had started a pen friendship with a German girl called Claudia who was 17 years old then .
For all the reasons I mentioned before , I think I am the right person for this job .
However , ask him a question from his real life and he will give you a one - word answer .
It was an exciting encounter , and they were both very happy to see each other again .
I usually run in the morning , when my roommates are still sleeping , I get up and run in the playground .
I 'm sending this Email to get some information because I 'm interested in studying at your university .
My cousin , who is studying English Literatura , told me that you have much more freedom when you start university , so do n't worry !
In my opinion less people are travelling by public transport and started to buy their own cars which is more comfortable to use whenever you are in a hurry or not .
I would answer to them that , then , how do they explain all the sheets of paper , crystal and plastic items that have been made of recycled materials allowing us to save tons of primal resources ?
Whenever possible I take the girls out for a swim or a ride on their bikes .
According to Hannah Dideck the largest potential is that migrants con use mobile banking to send money home .
The accomplishment I am the most proudest of was when I did four goals in a soccer game .
I have got one sister , she is 15 years old and her name is Tina , she is also going in Fribergaskolan .
We will have a great time together here in Uruguay , You will meet some of the most popular places of this beautiful conuntry .
On the left side I saw my parents , okay , inhale , exhale , I can do this .
The visibility was very poor because the moon was hiding behind dark grey shadows , but Michael went on the memory .
The last year I was in Poland and I could see how was important to speak English , with this idiom you can communicate with other people , no just English people if not with around the world .
It is in fashion to have a small family , but have you ever thought about problems it may cause ?
We may think that depends on how you like to travel , as they all have their advantages and disadvantages .
If car - sharing and self - driving technology are mixed , it will be much more convenient than both the conventional public transport and travelling my car .
In summary , I think the public transport is a good way to move and the number of users is increasing every day .
On the other side , in recognition to my academic performance , I graduated with a Bachelor of Laws with Great Honors in 2007 .
My son likes playing sports , he is very little but he plays football , she is a very active child .
I went into my house and closed the door knowing at that moment that I had made a mistake .
The facts should not be hidden Barcelona is the best club team in the world , you like or not .
When Elena saw the house for the first time , she could n't believe her eyes !
Then there are five courtyards from the first one to the fifth one from outside to inside .
I was absolutely thrilled to read that you 've got a job as tour guide in the Congo rainforest !
You should do the turn before the stick so you can start next turn right after you pass the stick .
Because I had decided to take my exam in June , it was absolutely necessary to join an English preparation course as soon as possible .
You changed the time of the Japanese lessons from the evening to the afternoon , when I am actually at work .
" Fame will go by and , so long , I 've had you , fame .
In that way you colud improve your way to make a relationship with people and also it could be a great help for your theatrical experience .
Since the technology has improved in recent years , we now have a huge variety of different ways to travel .
When I was a youngster , my father and I rode motorcycle to visit our place using this road .
You should give a try to this amusing and thrilling sport that it 's a sort of competition with yourself : every day a little bit higher , every day a little bit difficult ..
My mums name is Jenny and my dads name is Rikard and they are the best parents I know .
Those people who has mental or other serious illness does n't allowed or not able to drive a car , for them public transport system is necessary .
Therefore , it happens that some people want change in their lives but are not able to effect it .
I 'm not normally keen on thrillers , but this is definitely a must watch .
You both are like Romeo and juliett .But I am really sorry I am not coming to the engagement party because my mother is admit into the hospital .
There are not many tables , but we are only seven people and this is n't a problem .
Riding means also to clean the horse and look after it , but nevermind , it 's the best sport you can do .
Although my town is not an enormous industrial center , people are fascinated by the leisure activities provided here .
Martin was a solitary and quiet guy who moved to Cretacro to relax but he change when he met Monica in the principal restaurant
Firstly , food habits such as fast food and sedentary lifestyle are some of the main causes of surge in weight among people .
Two years ago , the council started a wastebasket distributing program among the villages with the intention of easing the garbage collection process .
It 's a pity to know that exist just a few programs that try to educate people with the most update information through documentaries , investigations , cultural or opinion programs , which in my opinion help to acquire more knowledge .
I must say that The secret dream of Walter Mitty is a well - constructed movie that I strongly recommend to anyone who would spend a great evening watching an entertaining movie .
In conclusion I would like to say that there are different views about shopping and it 's not surprise because we are all different .
Likewise location , something which could change are the materials with which we will build houses .
All the members of my family never give me up , and I finished my college studies , too .I have a good job now .
this country are many interesting pLaces to visit , if you wantto have adventure you have to go to the aconcagua in Mendoza .
There are many young people who follow Hollywood stars or famous singers and want to have the same bodies as them .
It was a foggy January morning and I had gone to renew my pilot 's licence .
Afro - Americans were completely segregated , Caucasians found it impossible to live among them , that is the main reason why each race had their own church and their houses where separated to .
I am so impressed with your post so I have just decided to get your last book ( and all the gifts , of course ... ) .
Technical support can be provide through emails , telephone calls , or video conferencing .
Having lived during the century , which provided humanity with glass houses , question ponders , how will the home of the Future look ?
Five years ago , the town did n't have any garbage control services to manage the domestic rubbish .
A great amount of people think that driving your own car has more benefits than using public transport .
twenty - five years later he regrets his decision and wonders what would have happened if he had not met Blanche .
He must go to a certain place , recover a suitcase and send it to Casablanca .
His revolutionary behaviour and the fact that he let nobody restrain him are the reasons for the series huge success .
I am at home in my lovely house , where I love every detail of the interier , where every thing is on its place .
In my spare time I am the baby - sitter of an adorable boy who is only 6 years old .
I had called Michael that morning and I told him that I will go to his house that evening .
I hunt most with my dad , and we always have really fun when we hunt but sometimes we can be a bit angry on each other .
The first test has shown that I am very motivated and my skills almost fit to the possibility to be an entrepreneur .
Secondly , unwanted animals are sometimes sold to circuses , hunting parks or for meat .
Nowadays it is really important to know how to swim because when we are in holidays we spend most of our time in the water at the swimming pool or even at the sea .
His neighbour is a young woman ( Jennifer Lawrence ) who has been widowed for 2 years .
A person that takes a fixed place in your life and without that person you ca n't live .
However , if the government were to monitor the citizens actions more closely , it would be considered an invasion of our privacy .
Finally , I cried , because I could n't decide a choice , my father and my mother saw I cry , decided not keep going , and they saied sorry to each other and me .
I really find this job useful for me as I have a heart to be with children and want to earn for myself .
Also , Zaragoza is provided with a number of collection points , where rubbish with big dimensions such as furniture can be collected and recycled .
I think public transport is n't the future because many people today live outside the big cities in the suburbs .
This clearly shows that football needs a strong cooperation from all of the team 's players .
All in all , using renewable energy and improve our regulation is two ways to cutting down pollution for a better future .
All in all , using renewable energy and improve our regulation is two ways to cutting down pollution for a better future .
They played all the greatest hits from the 80 's and some other songs from their new album .
Even from here I can see his anxious look and the way he 's fidgeting on a bench .
It is very exciting that entertainment and education can be merged for accomplishing the spread of knowledge along the masses in an enjoyable way .
You ca n't be disappointed because you do n't get any point or have a bad day , due to the other players can sympathise with you .
Same as Rust and Bone , in the movie of Silver Linings Playbook , Pat companies with Tiffany to break away from the past ; and Tiffany help Pat to get the courage to find the way back into love .
Prospects for the future " , " Crimea between Russia , Ukraine and Turkey .
Nice to receive your letter and learn that you will be in Hong Kong this summer .
So if you want a bike , to move easily , you have to make a card which allow you the access to all bikes situated in specified places in the city .
In conclusion , the internet have pros and cons , but it can be very useful and fun to use .
With an intense passion in fashion , I aspire to become a professional product merchandiser in the apparel industry and initiate myown branding business with my older sister and her husband .
It 's one of the biggest countries in Europe if you think about the area Sweden have .
On the other hand , for the older people , the modernisation that we experience is an obstacle for them to enjoy all that there are out there .
With this garbage control system , household waste being collected on weekly basis and transported to recycling centers .
There we can eat a lot types of dishes but the most popular dishes are " costela " and " bacalhau na brasa " .
Of course , we all have the right to communicate whenever we want but , mostly , whenever we need .
In fact , a significant number of people agree that computers have made our lives much easier than before .
Public transportation modes like trains and buses have been immensely helpful to the general public throughout the past couple of decades .
Nevertheless , all the information that I send to you is based on the information that my colleagues from wet chemistry laboratory and from microbiology laboratory gave to me .
Basilica Cistern was built in the 6th century and is the largest of several hundred ancient cisterns that still lie beneath the city of Istanbul ; size of 143 by 65 meters , with capacity of holding 80,000 cubical meters of water .
It is better that they do a certain amount of community work , for example clean their graffiti , which will teach them how hard it is to clean graffiti , and thus , prevent them from making new ones .
The objective of the game is to score by maneuvering the ball into the opposing goal .
For others it is overall a pleasant experience they can not enjoy as much as they would like .
High - school football is more than just a sport .
In order to give a good image and show the national parenting , our respondents tend to have a great pardon to other nationalities .
Recently , governments in many countries , put a ban for parking or even a ban for driving in major city centres , because this leads to increasing traffic jams .
In this present study , however , the rowing time of the participants was not shorter than times without supplementation .
It is wise for them to find some time to save some money so they would not need to struggle during college .
Actually you have more freedom in which roads to choose and you can have breaks whenever you feel a need for some time off the street .
Being ranked in the Michelin 's guide , this restaurant provides more than 50 different dishes .
He is arrogant but Flor is the only one who can calm him down in difficult situations .
After studying our advertising options , it was found that two of them can be suitable for our purpose .
hope you are fine , kindly be know that I miss you so much and I hope to see you soon .
Of course I took this opportunity and two weeks later I had to do audition .
I like the restaurant we ate on when we were on a ski - vacation in Champoluc .
Soviet President Gorbachev agreed to the dissolution of all Soviet agencies " .
Peter ran into his father 's arms but he disappeared and he promised himself that he never ever would tell anyone about the secret .
In conclusion public transport is very important for every person in some way and without it everything will be a disaster
Mordoch et al.(2012 ) made some examples of robotics in daily lives : social human - robot , social assistive robot , therapeutic robot , mental commitment robot , care robot , robot - therapy .
Unfortunately , is very sad to say that people in my town does not care about the environment .
There is also a good choice of food for vegetarians , so Mike and Ann will have not a problem to eat .
It will examine responses including the recycling water , the development of technology about purifying ocean water and multinational sharing about water resources .
On the one hand we could live in a more relaxed way , on the other hand we colud think about settling on other planets .
In the last summer , my kids and I created a fun morning and afternoon program for our neighbors we called it " multi - balls multi - fun " .
Unless some extraordinary mutation happens and change us to some labor - lovers , personal cars and public transport will rule side by side for all eternity .
It is certain that each of us loves to travel , but everyone likes the most comfortable means of transport .
This guy actually ask her out and she 's not that stupid not to know his intentions .
My favourite sport is swimming . I like it because it makes me feel free , independent and happy .
Tom opened the big bag , Oh!This is a big surprise , there was a football in it , which he always wanted to buy
Of course , people want to know some facts of personal life of famous people , but often star dont'n like when journalists try to get in their life .
We do n't have to drive by ourselves , and we do n't have to think which way we should go to reach the destination .
They are distinguished mainly by the disciplines from which they come : marketing and management , economics and geography .
From the beginning of the world till now , human wants the fast income and the easy ways of live , so he tries more and more to find a solution for his problems by creating a new ways of liveing more easy and more convenient for him .
The question is if it is good to take a leaf out of their book and I am going to talk around it .
She smiled and said not so soon Dreamer , I will take a bath and freshen up first and then we start .
However , you need to choose forums with eloquent speakers as it is the only way you will gain much .
Because the numbers of theory lessons about our discipline are by far many hours less than I expected to get .
We want to go for a picnic to the park near my house at 12:00.My husband invited you for that .
On the other hand , you wanted to look for a job , maybe you could have part - time job in the cram school .
Because of this , I have learnt many activities and games that I could use in your summer camp .
Fistly , i 'd like to talk about employments , i think that these are the most important thing to worry about , if our studies get better , we will create more employments and as a result the economical situation of the country will be better .
People addicted to shopping in the long run do not enjoy this ritual anymore - they do it just because they have to , although they have no money and no space at home for all those things they buy .
This show is about four girls , called Aria , Emily , Spencer and Hannah .
Like every sport , it is also a good way to meet people and make some new friends .
The newest Japanese restaurant in town - Ohana restaurant is the place to be on a Friday night .
Sandrine always skips it because she thinks it is unnecessary if she wants to be thin .
These strong changes influenced very much the poetry and we can see that for example in Blake , because in " The Tyger " he uses a lot of colors referred to the industrial life ( red , orange , silver .. ) and he describes the Tyger 's creator as an artisan that create it on a furnace .
In the centre of the park there is a shaft which is The shaft is beautifully illuminated at night .
To begin with , I consider that many of homes , which will be create in the future must have robots .
Teenagers used to go out after having done their homework and their favourite hobby was certainly sport .
Not only the bedrooms are rather small , but also are they quite cold , because of the lack of a heating system .
Because of these varieties of values and rules , usually there are some misunderstandings between people of different nations .
I am very grateful that you will help me with searching some information about colleges in England .
In my opinion , a trip will be fascinating because of the fact that the building of the Brewery is orginally German - owned brewery which has been brewering been for almost 400 years .
In cities like United Sates of America where people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social condition so for the American people public transportation it does not matter , they have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decided for commodity .
Having gone through all those tough times ; trials and tribulations and I was alive !
In views of this , it is reasonable to believe that GM food might be an ideal strategy to alleviate the problem of food shortage .
In the last year sales at Benton Electronics were in the first quarter of the year 500 and increased to 620 in the second quarter , in the third quarter sales maintained in 620 and in the last quarter of the year sales went down very quickly to 420 , as you can see sales were very unstables .
Surprisingly , they serve it with a half cut bone which is quite fun by itself , even before you taste the dish . Mashed potato is creamy and full of butter .
Following your letter , I want to tell you about The apartment is very Beautiful not big or small medium - sized left inside two rooms , a bathroom and a dining hall and an external director categorize overlooking a beautiful view I am sure he will like it to come and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would say that I miss you too much and I hope to see you soon .
Most of the paints and photos are from Germany , because that town was occupated by German people many years ago .
There are a lot of cases known when journalists would make it difficult for a celebrity to leave some place because there were so many of those journalists .
Driving car while listening to music is much more fun for most of people so maybe that 's why mostly love to drive than taking public transport .
Every person is marketing himself ; is selling himself ; is presenting himself as a decorated gift - item .
It 's necessary to emphasize that Ukrainian music has changed a lot from the time of Independence and now is developed very fast .
Jonas does n't see the bird and think that the predatory had gone away , during the night .
Actually I have to admit , that , film stars , politicians and other famous people have to count on fame .
This means that people can not afford a car and all the expenses that come with it .
The uncontrolled powers of unconstitutional organs have been considerably limited , and this includes party organs . "
Even though I was in a romantic city , I could n't enjoy my vacation in a romantic way due to the low budgets we had .
In the club 's sports hall , people can play different sports and have fun with their friends .
Third , supporting the recycling by inventing three types of rubbish bins for hard wastes , for liquids and the third for clothes .
So I think that creating a small bus line between the villages will help a lot of people , especially the older ones .
They told that if you wanted to be a model , you had to fit in a size of clothing which is really small .
The presence on electronic devices of English - language TV programmes is becoming more and more prominent .
He is the only one who can produce poetry in a simple language , thanks to imagination and memory .
Public Transport is slow now , even though they are very comfortable but unfortunately people feel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper class would travel through public transport it would affect his respect .
Otherwise , when the people are forced by the government , they probably feel the freedom of choice is restricted .
At the weekend , I like going for a walk and get some fresh air with my friend .
I will never miss a day , unless it is very important , you can be sure of that .
These include facilities like ample vehicle parking lots with very low charges or almost free of charge , elevator systems to access any area of the shopping malls in the case of carrying very heavy loads of purchases and relaxation spots like Cinemas and gaming centers for kids .
And why am I talk about it ? I am talk about it because the foundation of environment care is our minset , just with knowledge and information we will be able to manage actions to save , protect and improve the environment , and reverse we have the current result .
Everyone prefer to have his / her own car.so the future of public transport is very dark .
These songs are relatively modern , but if we take a look we will find some sexism in some parts .
I 'm really sorry , you ca n't come over because my father is at the hospital for 14 days .
Alison took a step forward and slammed into someone 's soaked t - shirt .
Every human being has a need in socialising and that is the first reason why I believe we start making friends .
I apologise to you for not writing sooner , but I 've been really busy lately .
No one can deny the importance of the public transport , but actually this importance is turn to private sector transport .
If I have an opportunity to back on English teaching , I think I will try this skill to get my students to do the recordings heard training , then make their English better and better .
You are very lucky in choosing life partner I have seen your life partner she is so beuityfull .You both have perfect match .
I fully intend to go the next time I have the chance and try the Hokkaido Natto .
To sum up , travelling using public transport is more beneficial for both environment and travellers .
It was reported that for one hundred kilometers running , each car was consumed ten to thirteen liters of gasoline , and released a certain proportion of air polutted .
During the trip you can do many things - from sleeping to meeting new people and making fun .
As the man left the café , Maria saw that his phone was still on the table .
I think I 'm suitable for every work because I 'm sporty and sociable and above all I think I have enough willpower to manage and carry out every work you will choose to give me .
I also like to bake cookies and sometimes , my mom asks me to take care of dinner .
In my opinion I am very patient and willing to explain difficult topics over and over again .
He had booked me the flight but he did n't pay for it , because in that moment he had n't got cash enough on him .
Of course , without the full support of my family I could n't have done it .
As a result , you will save time and embarrassment , especially if you are out of shape .
They are credible , especially Kevin Spacey , Charles Palminteri and Gabriel Byrne .
We use it to communicate with friends , to play games , to watch series , the list is endless .
I am a 25 years old girl and I have been working in summer camps in my country during the summer times .
When he was little , he heard his family talking about how happy they were because his brother Peter waas following the steps of his mom .
It 'll be even more if the student plays games or does something else on the PC .
If a car which emits no serious global warming gas would be developed , there would be no argument that people had better reduce our use of cars , yet , as long as we are manufacturing them we could not find more eco - friendly and efficient ways than public transportation .
A lot of kids grow with a different way to think just because the damage that the little ones can cause , one example can be the famous " bullying " , the principal way that kids use to annoy the ones that looks different .
With the rising prices for the public transport in London , commuters are choosing using their cars more and more .
That 's why we have to describe some important ideas related to this topic .
I enjoy this game because the most important thing is team work , you have to understand each other .
Michael was a serious boy , he had the ability to behave in good mannar , help his parent with daily activities .
Grodno is situated on the crossroads of great trading ways that 's why one could hear Polish , Jewish , German , Lithuanian there .
Last week her mother told her that he had to go to his classes if he wanted to hang out with his friends .
The opinion of Simon Kuper is that the main reason for the misunderstandings are different languages .
First of all , although travelling by car become more convenient , the growing population which cause personal vehicle is hard to manage .
Finally , with the exploitation of new renewable energy , humans have an infinite source of energy .
When I am not doing my homework and am not learning English , I like watching a film .
I enclose my CV and I would be glad to attend an interview at any time convenient for you .
Secondly , I would like to say that maintaining friendships over time entails strenuous effort .
In addition , there is recent statistic that shows a very high percentage of Saudi Arabia students who came to America to do set their master 's degree that they could n't get in university due to some requirements for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
When I 'm able to , I go swimming twice a week for two hours each .
Perhaps most important , I offer a history of proven results so I am suitable for the job .
Romeo and Juliet fall in love and secretly get married .
It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our life , definitely families play an essential role community structure .According to the experts we ca n't create successful society without creative families , and one another specific part of your life is a good partners surrounding your daily activities .
In the 21st century , advice is something that is only given and that given advice is never taken .
The Colosseum is a beautiful structure in the heart of Rome , Italy .
" What is going on than ? And do not lie to me ! You have always been a very bad liar ! "
I would like to be the best football player in the world , a Youtuber or take over a big company .
Hundreds and thousands of innocent people may fall victim to the insatiable desire of such fame -seeking personalities .
I have worked for a long time in a school and I consider myself very good with kids and teenagers .
- Analysis : This part is the practical part that will answer our questions .
It is well known that the GM food is inserted with various resistance genes , such as pest disease resistance gene .
Working out in the gym twice a week is enough as long as you eat healthy and of course you should forget those delicious cakes you use to make !
Fayoum University , Fayoum , Egypt .
On one hand , it allows the students to understand and translate ancient texts and helps them to learn about cultures from the past .
So by having a family time while eating home you can have a talk and be a much closer family .
For example , in India nd China the technological advances have enabled them to mass produce really affordable cars , which are also imported .
English was also the key for my passion for technology , the more that I understood the language , the more I understood how to use computers and the internet .
I love my town , because when I was a small girl , I went there , and I was with my grandparents , my cousins and my friends .
There are shops , restaurants and cinemas in these plazas , including some well - known brands .
Due to increased traffic may cause delays in arranged journeys , increase the number of accidents ... etc .
In conclusion , I 'm agree that Internet it 's a good way to meeting friends because you can know a lot of people around the world .
The last lecture was cancelled , so she was able to go shopping with her friends .
There you will be able to find out a lot of information about the history of Moscow and Russian rulers .
More than a half of the male students spend their spare time doing sport two and more times a week .
I 'm studiying medicine , this major is too challenging although stressful , because the self - study is every day and there are a lot of information .
Another good example are the endless showbiz that are appeared recently , this type of programs where the information is often gossip about personal life of famous singers and actors without taking into count if they are true or not .
People argue that today 's television is a load of rubbish , the quality of many programs is absolutely questionable and in many cases the language is vulgar .
In fact studies shows that 86 percent of all homicides and 60 percent of sexual assaults , are linked to alcohol
On Thursday , September 11 , the term exams finished and our week of vacation started .
On the other hand , the bad thing about when there are so delicious food , it 's that always you want to eat some typical food of your country and at the end it 's very bad for the body because we eat them in excess .
But in my opinion this should be an excuse to think something that women should n't know anything about .
In reference to the speech date , the best would be June 12 in the evening , when all the members will have finished their classes at school .
For example , it is difficult for some people , including the aged and invalids , to use public transport .
And the last but not the least thing is that there are quite a lot of people who are not able or just do n't want to drive , so the only way out for them is public transport .
That provides , especially to one of the two detectives who are investigating about the crimes , a trace to follow in their investigation .
The tutor , Will Reeves - a lecturer of the University of Cambridge , succeeded in covering the whole program in an extremely effective way .
To strengthen author 's conclusion , the author should put the factors above in the argument .
A lot of people are homeless , which is sad , but maybe we can change it .
I believe my greatest strengths lie in my ability to work well and an aptitude for taking on whatever challenges that come my way .
It seems to me that these clothes may have a high price and sometimes they do not worth it .
The company responsible for rubbish collection collects of the garbage , already separated by the families , and afterwards does the recicling .
It often hard to go up in the morning , I always think just one more minute and then I fall asleep .
But those are justified by the presence effect stage actors might render active in comparison to film actors .
This report is an introductory document meant for students interested in the field of water treatment .
He hardly ever drunk alcohol , but thought it would be impolite not to , as he had been invited by his colleague .
Actually I am very happy to tell you that we have a lot of new stores , including apple 's store .
The words they said to her was a killing ones , they colored her life in black , till it 's the only time to prove to them that she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do like them all as she just hated the way .
I would appreciate the chance to talk with you to discuss the requirements and expectations of the position .
During the next ten years , I was thrilled about the fact to put aside in order to build our flat step by step .
Many countries like to travel by bikes in order to decrease the pollution which happened by car exhausted.to my point of view i prefer travelling by cars which is more comfortable .
When traveling to rural areas , it is quite difficult by public transport , because sometimes there is hardly any no train or bus for the far out places and the tiny villages .
cars are handy and driving can be pleasant , but only when the driver is in good mood , with no traffic jams or craters on the road ( really common situations in Brazil ) .
Not to mention that there are tourists in Hong Kong , who have no choice but to use public transport .
Use public transport is a way to be green and help to improve our planet and that is a very important task for all of us .
Suddenly , he turned left and stopped , as if he did n't know what to do next .
We have so many interesting places to visit , but if I must limit to only one I chose the centre of the city .
We have sold our products to KA system for few years , however , the products that we sold were usually popular consumer goods , it means cheat and have no enter obstacles for other supplier .
We never forget what he 's done , we must n't forget what he 's done .
I 'm looking forward to working with you and wish you all the best until then !
It could seem something very useful , with no drawbacks , but each coin has a head and a tail .
He did very well during their exam and was given another opportunity to teach English to other slaves .
I do not care he thought , maybe I lost my soul but now she is alive .
He thought that many students had decided to follow his last lesson and he was pleased and moved by this kindness .
- There are separate rubbish bins for plastics , metal and glass in the whole area .
These old things in the museum give us unique information about the history of the city and its social life .
Learn how to walk before learn how to run , the opponents contend the children confuse the words and phrases with their mother tongue .
Hong Kong is also famous for its heavy traffic , which implies the problem of traffic congestion .
I'd been in my country for a while since I need to apply a visa for living in his country .
I think that travelling by car is also more inner and comfortable because you only travel with people you know .
The setting is in New York and they meet daily in a bar called Central Perk .
Also , in the big cities , the public transport is more punctual than the car because this transport usually has its own lane , while if you use the car , you takes more because there are a lot traffic in your lane .
A good public transport is the sign of a civilized city . in this way there are fewer cars so less traffic .
I can assure you that I will put all my effort into learning and making the most of my stay in your company .
In recent years the numbers of people who use public transport has increased a lot , in comparison with ten years ago .
When I got home , I played the CD on the CD player but it really was n't any sound !
Ever since a curse was put opon Ailee 's grandmother , the girl has been living a daunting life .
The man is really frightened and this situation gets him more and more desperate and he can not control his reactions .
Kunta was not only a great man in the Gambia but a hero .
You do n't have to search for parking and you do n't have to pay for parking .
Haji lane in Bugis has lots of local boutiques , you can find unique pieces from designers from Asia .
My villain of this year is Clown Bassie , since I think his behaviour is unacceptable !
There is good points but a lot of work must be done to achieve the eco - friendly title .
During Lent , the protagonist gets to know other outcasts ( mainly women ) and help them .
We always goes to the beach which is very nice and when it 's sunny and warm is better than the Mediterranean .
Nowadays students need to learn both language and mathematics until go to university , even some of them still need to study them in the university .
I think it is fair to say basketball is one of the most popular sports on the planet , both in number of viewers and players .
It 's not only a physical sport , you really need to get your mind into it .
As a concecuence , he had no money to pay for a sod , so he was thirsty all morning .
However , there are in fact several methods that you can employ should you want to become a linguist .
Several reasons can support this idea , but I try to focus on the most important ones .
The improvement of TSA results and internal results celebrated the success of teachers ' efforts .
Foster Hollywood is an American restaurant in the center of Caceres .
It helps me to stay fit and makes me forget all the worries and stress of my work days .
Clearly , travel in your own car is much more comfortable than on public transport .
There was a lot of blood and was then when Peter looked at his whach and knew that he had to do something immediately .
-Even though you can find a lot of bargains , do n't spent too much if you do n't need it .
We are aiming to deliver the Service Guide materials in Week 25 to the marketing colleagues for translation and localisation .
When you driving by the car you should be focus on the road , you need to think what could happen , what the other drivers want to do and which way you should chose .
Finally , if every person drives his / her own car , pollution shall considerably increase affecting air conditions .
Many people have to travel longer distances to work , and most often their only working tool is the car own .
If you take up climbing , I 'm sure you 'll carry on ! !
If I were football player , I would like played in this team , but I think that it is very difficult because , only the best players gets it .
Last and not the least , music is a sort of treatment to those who are suffering , so regardless of it 's type or nationality it 's a kind of medicine to the soul .
Supply of potable water is perhaps the most important part of all municipal services .
In the first case , Europe reprented the highest percentage of land degraded caused by deforestation and over - cultivation , 9.8% and 7.7% respectively .
What Noa does not knows is that she was in love with him since the first time that she saw him .
She loves him and any World War was able to separe them , because she was pregnant and this baby was coming , it was a boy and his name was going to be Taylor just like Jasons ' father .
It is the most important matter , because most of us is not able to buy highly educational books .
That could be a higher problem if the trend is maintained for a long time because public spending could raise 60 % in the next 10 years .
Do n't be afraid of hockey!You used to sit in front of computer , but the best choice will get up and go to the hockeyclub .
the people in my town deal with rubbish by healthy method , the citizens collecting the rubbish and threw it in big boxes far away the city .
It sounds a little bit strange but by installing solar paniels and other features in these homes we live a much greener life , undoubtedly there would be some changes but because we know why we are doing it there would be no problems .
And my parents refused to give it to me because they say I must become indipendent .
This makes people more likely to want to look after animals and protect their natural habitats .
The luckiest man that you can know in Cáceres is called Sergio .
The other participants appears a few times , but these participants tell us important things about the relationship .
Not to mention the socially bonding ability of it , while on game tension between the opposing teams is somewhat inevitable , the irreverent , human , no strings attached nature of streetball events always compensate its negative aspects ( which , upon closer inspection , reveal to be shared between every single sports event ) .
Peter smiled for a brief moment as he remembered his obsession with Einstein 's Theory of General Relativity , he thought " finally I understand it " .
If you visit it you will probably appreciate all the innovations applied to save our environment .
I was a little bit sad , because all my friends had already found a job .
Huang Ji Huang has 5 kinds of sauce which can give your stew pot become tasteful , and one of them is Mala Sauce .
He used to dream him coming in his bedroom , laughing out loud showing off his sharp teeth , threating him with the most horrible punishments .
At the moment Micheal wanted to die , he saw a light coming from beyond .
Trains are also boring , unless you take a bullet train , and I get motion sickness .
However , almost every student confessed having felt homesick despite the fact that they made a large amount of friends there .
His wife decided , because she loves him , to forgive and apologize for her mother - in - law .
If grammar was part of the lesson It would need to be a point that is being revised .
I conduct group and individual training on Hatha Yoga and Thai Yoga ( Ruesi Dat Ton ) .
However , they will talk or build a relationship based on what they see their parents doing with other people .
Secondly , You can find a job here in Montevideo or if you like in the countryside .
This leads , among other things , to the ability for people to be lonely , as having too many virtual friendships causes the inability to establish meaningful relationships .
To sum up , I can say that the members of my family are my best friends .
What a nice poem , at least mention the name of a proficient poet too .
For the beginning , short and animated movies would be the best , such as movie " Validation " that teaches us how words have the power to change our lives .
If the quality of sheets and bank notes are good , then they will be packaged and distributed .
I 'm thirteen years old and live in Stocksund with my two families ( they all do n't live in the same house ) .
I hope you will consider my application - I can be contacted by email at any time .
A short - term and enticing Russian loans are very attractive for Serbian politicians who are struggling with the financial difficulties .
There is little doutbt that they will not only find original products , but will also enrich their minds .
It is true that travel to a nearby place from your city , it is more comfortable getting there by car , and the ease of have your car to get wherever you want without spending money and time paying cabs .
Unbelievable as it may seem , this is really a bizarre coincidence .
For example , for doing diving , are you provided of all the diving gear ( oxygen bottles , wetsuits , security elements , etc . ) ?
Another advantage of travelling by car is that you do n't have to spend time waiting for your other transport , as also as you can avoid the confusion of people that are in the subway stations every morning to get in the line you want to arrive at work in time .
Nowadays , many people have their own favorite sports but people are starting to ignore other sports except their favorite sport .
Leaning forward slowly , I started crawling slowly like a turtle along the slender hill ; I was on all four !
I 'm pretty sure that your journey to Russia will be a very good and interesting experience .
As soon as I reached there the chair disappeared and I landed on the floor with a thump !
Sometimes abuse the right to be a journalist with all sorts of questions with no response or have a partial response to these famous people can say that journalists have a stressful job for some people .
If you come to Siena there are a number of shops you should visit .
Even though there is no definite consensus about the exact vocal patterns in Brazil , there are some facts about the extremes of it .
In the everyday life , the internet has became one of the most important things and it is becoming more and more influental .
The citizen of the city want to build the city with the slogan " The city green - clean - beautiful " .
-To Begin with this course , I want to be sure they know the meaning of art , pro I want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , with it you explain to me what it is art .
Apart from that , there are many other benefits in buying a car instead of using buses or underground every day .
First of all , it is very important to me to determine the basic problem of our school .
He turns his head around to find the source of shadow but ca n't find anything so he feels fear but controls himself and yells : who are you ?
For instance , they usually need them to fold up a quilt in a specified angle or there is specific time that you must wake up and get sleep .
In addition , from a ' time savings ' angle , increased usage of public transport results in reducing traffic and helping people reach their destinations quicker by avoiding being delayed in traffic jams and lights .
It 's true that commuting to work is n't as convenient as going to work by car .
Although balanced diet will offer energy and vitality but that 's not all of the thing , Exercising is important too in addition to the balanced diet .
Moreover , the standardised educational system would also need people who teach and instruct others so the world language will be established everywhere .
It 's the biggest hill where you can go on the lookout tower and it 's not far from České Budějovice .
This also meant I was allowed to go backstage and take care of the bands .
If you fancy travelling back in time , do n't miss this piece of art .
In the reading passage , the writer provides several theories about the purpose of the carved stone balls .
Although their misdeeds should not be tolerated , I believe that had better do some community work .
Have you ever watch a game that involves people running around a field and scoring goals by kicking a ball ?
When you start to consider interests and strengths , it makes sense to consider your interests first .
I am writing this letter because I would really appreciate the opportunity to work as a camp counselor .
Not only I was close to them , I was also doing something I 'm really good at !
I disagree that there is no future for public transportation as it is still widely used all over the world .
In case a person who is going for an interview for a job , punctuality is a must , hence he can drive his car fast or can go earlier in his car to reach there early .
Some non - building areas , in some countries , are now occupying by housing and other residential buildings .
Then he calm down and took a little packet out of his pocket and put it on the floor .
It 's very easy to recycle things and it 's possible to choose alternative energy sources .
I learned how to jump over many items , such as chairs and the trashcans that my neighbors used to jump over .
His former boss retired and nominated him for the position , claiming he was more than qualified and had the adequate skill set in order to keep the department on track as well as making any necessary changes .
Stephan was glad that Sarah was alright and also thankful to the woman .
For instance , you need good brakes , lights , a bell and reflective stripes on your wheels or reflectors .
In order to help organising on sports and evening activities , I am a young person of 12 years old .
And once in a while , if you 're smart , the life you save could be your own .
She enjoys reading , performing arts including painting , dancing , music and sports , swimming in particular .
Hi my name is Chai , i 'm from Thailand , I try to write an article to improve my writing skill and hope this program can help me .
Finally to say that is a perfect sports centre and inexpensive including a range of activities .
I ca n't give you to many advice but one thing I know , a team work the most important thing in this game .
Additionally , it happens that while speaking of a particular event suddenly more memories and stories come to the narrator 's mind .
The most important thing that ya person should know about this game is that a lot of intelligence is requested because you must know how to reach how to get nearer to make their aim become reality , and that one is that the team should score as much as they can to win the match and have fun .
The professor refutes this point of view by saying that based on his own experience this team work could be not so much beneficial .
That and the extremely long queues for the cash desk also are not very encouraging .
These are the most important skills when you deal with children , due to de fact that you ought to keep on the lookout for their behaviour .
Travelling by car is much more convenient but all know really there is no future for public transport .
If you do n't really enjoy playing in a team , do n't worry !
This year me and my friends are going to help Parque Corgo from the recent forest fire .
Then she went quickly to the train station and she bought ticket to London when she was in the train she had other phone cell .
I THINK THAT THE EASIEST METHOD OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEAR THE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HAVE TO GET OFF IN CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STATION SO WE WILL TAKE A WALK UNTIL MY HOME .
We chose this city because of no input into the sea and it was filmed taxi in which he played a famous actor .
Of course , unprepared viewer ca n't understand inner beauty of this genre and will choose something mediocre .
In his opinion the concept of protectionism in the world of global economy is not effective .
In addition , we spend at least 3 hours together with Tsz Huan every day - reading , talking , painting and playing games .
Many people still consider television only as a way to relax , get entertained and stop thinking about all the problems that might worry them .
When I was born my dad decided to quit his company to get more time for his family .
I am happy to know that you are coming to my country this summer to travel and work .
In the urban city , the car is by far the most common mode of transportation and has greatly impacted the growth of the tourist industry .
First , you should know is the weather , we have a very cold winter and a hot summer compared with the other countries in the middle east .
Although there are a lot of things which could be improved , not everything is bad in this movie !
After three months , I was running faster and the pain in my heels disappeared .
We work eight hours a day so if we submerge in a bloody pond in a long time could definitely turn ourselves frustrated .
At first , I did n't belive that this place would be as amazing that she said .
In addition , moderate drinking helps to keep healthy movement , because some researches has shown that people who drink moderately have less proportion of body fat , because alcohol speed up metabolism which makes calories burn quickly .
I would like the people to take the public transport for travelling , so we will be able rescue the countryside .
Really , I think it 's a very beautiful , interesting and breathtaking kind of sport .
One of the most important unwritten rules that you should follow in Brazil is related to the vocal patterns .
At the same time it is not impossible to solve the task of comfort and efficacy simultaneously .
During my career I have organized a lot of fascinating activities to keep my students enthusiastic about learning more .
When I was young I tried Badminton , Squash and Teakwondo .
In fact , probably it was n't a significant thing for most people but it was it for her .
Mr. Green , I 'm really keen to know who is the professional film director .
my favourite sport is football , I like it so much it means for me a lot , It means partnership , teamwork , entertainment , exercise .
Currently in the 21st century , computers have had a very long technology advance which range from the software and the size internal memory ( bigger than the old computers ) , the size of the computer ( which is varied but more smaller than the previously computers ) and its shape , the weight of it ( they are more lightweight ) and variations in the colors of the screen ( visually ) .
To curb corruption new laws were created , instituions were re - structured and innovative mechanisms were developed to engage and give voice to the civil society .
The gym of your club is not open from 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
On the other hand , the personality is more important and determinative than an expensive dress , it is a fact .
After aeting delicious salad and drinking tea , she went to her room to do her hair and put the make - up on .
Man has evolved over the years , since the invention of the wheel , to space craft expeditions .
I have always thought of them as really good actors , but they were exquisite in this movie .
However , considering the complexity of the society , I believe it better to learn in schools rather than from parents .
I am an Italian 24- year - old girl , I studied English during high school and for this reason I travelled in different countries in order to improve the language .
In recent days I found out a gadget to listen to music while I am swimming and it is marvellous because I also love listening to music .
And i can clearly say that they are our friend . We are part of them and they are part of us .
Despite his strange behaviour , Peter 's mum did n't expect it at all .
I try to recall the jokes I 've read in books or on Facebook or blogs and tell him .
The consequences are n't good as the reasons , for instance , they may have the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travelling that they are old to study in a uniersity .
Looking at it through a broader scope , country deficits would be solved , hungry people would be fed , and the homeless would get accommodated .
I would like working with your company because I have studied for this and I love it .
He stood up near the open window , smoked and looked at her without any words .
Not only can customers choose a wide range of transport to commute , but they can also discover technologies that are not available for private purposes .
Big cities are crowd with vehicles and as result levels of pollution are dangerously increasing .
I am writing to ask you if your school could organize an individual course in English for me .
I have thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers , above all , and making no differences on the sport you have chosen , it is paramount practising some sport , whatever you choose , such as spinning , that is my favourite sport .
It had been fun day out but unfortunately he had to be home in the time for bed .
I would recommend " Prisoners " to the student film club because it has the features that you want .
In the morning , we had small groups of people and the rush times started in the evening .
Just as my enthusiasm for ballet thrived , my grades in school kept falling .
I think I am very suitable for this position as I really enjoy working with children and have a wide variety of
The first time it 's difficult like other sport because you do n't know and you have to imporve by yourself but if you like it you will find fascinating .
Kadeer as one of the most excellent and outstanding personalities among his colleagues .
He is so brilliant , he speaks three languages , plays several instruments , and the most important of all , he is a man of remarkable principles .
My village has a wall of the stone , this wall was built by resident of the village in 1715 .
The height of the tower is 600 metres , with 450 metres main body and 150 metres of its antenna .
I go by cycle to " Fribergaskolan " every day together with my friends Tekla , Julia and Bianca .
However , Oberon also uses his magic to get the changeling boy from Titania .
As we know the countryside has no pollution compared to big towns , because there are n't cars , lorries , moped or any other motor vehicle .
He was afraid to lose her and he did n't want to try to trust her and their love .
Also when she had trouble with her cousin , because she called Atticus a " nigger - lover " Scout beats her up .
It was a family tragedy when I got a task to write a composition for my literature class .
My town is called Bra and it is a small town situated in Piedmont near Langhe .
The world is moving faster and everyone has to be fast enough to compete with this modern world .
Just for mony for more house but if we destroy it we will all die our money will gone our house will gone we will have nothing .
When they were in Sweden I was on their concert and after that my voice were almost gone .
For example , new computersare smaller in size than the old computers , also they are faster and more efficient , they have better resolution and a bigger memory to save files an other staff like apps
Many people like going by car , but it pollute a lot more than going by public transort.public transport is cheaper than buying a car or motorbike , it also contamiate less than these .
Secondly , I have many friends living abroad . I communicate with them using Skype .
However , a major drawback would be the lack of exposure to the language that is intended to be learnt .
subsequently , this step is most important.bank note should be inspected.bank notes separated into good and bad if get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution.at this stage sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . if get bad sheets.the nest stage is disposal.band sheets and bank notes securely destroyed .
In addition , another advantage is that by working all summer you can earn some money for your personal expenses .
A new thinking might help to address this issue : transportation itself , perhaps , it is in need of evolution , that might be the use of public transportation , it has proven to be the best manner to get to places which roads and geographical areas might happen to be unknown to the traveller .
The event was very successful as we earned € 2,000 in just a day .
For dancing you need some mental and physical skills , but none of them are as hard as people think .
My dad told me do your best and if this semester going well for me , my dad will give me a tablet because I really need it .
Twenty years ago the economic situation was better than the current , so people did n't have to work until late and they managed to give a strict education and to care about their children 's health .
I 'm sure you 'll find something for you and you 'll enjoy it .
Peter 's father was the mayor of Los Angeles , so he had to calm down and inform the people regularly .
This article deal with the benefits and drawbacks , if there are any , of learning another language .
Please be informed that I am available for an interview at your convenience , so do not hesitate to contact me .
The sad music that was playing in her earphones made her feel even more confident .
I have one big sister , Anisa , she is 18 years old , and I also have two younger sisters ; Alicia 8 years old and Isabel 4 years old .
Actually , thousands of tests on GM food , before bring it into markets , have been proven that it is harmless to both the environment and human health .
Yet , she waited , hoping he would realise she would always be there for him .
So , is it really worth it getting away from it all and setting off on a journey around the world or taking their first job ?
At first I felt difficult , stressed while studying in groups used to hesitate while sharing my ideas , opinion but now I am familiar with the academic culture .
Besides that , I also really enjoy cooking with my mom at home so working in the kichens would not be a problem at all .
On the one hand it can be funny to imagine and create the story of how everything happened formerly .
However , traditional teaching method , force - feed the students , has made me overly dependent on teachers in China , which has led me to follow teachers indiscriminately .
The very first reason for my disagreement is that I do not have enough money to purchase everything which I would like to buy .
The next days we can go and visit a salt mine at Praid and The Bear Lake , which is a salt lake in Sovata .
I 'm not a really athletic person , but sometimes I enjoy playing volleyball or running .
I think that at my school the balance of this civil education is n't right and fair at all .
This experience involved tutoring children from the ages of 5 to 16 in various aspects of English and Maths
The access will give learners the possibility to use technological tools that will ensure a better experience while learning languages .
During these 10 days , we walked a lot instead of catching a bus , because it saved money too .
firstly , organizing collecting garbage .for example , red box for medical rubbish , because it is dangerous , it is toxic materials , in yellow box for plastic , white box for glass , and pink box for other trash .
with reference to your job announcement I am submitting my application for the vacancy at Green Pepper Cafe .
There are many kilometres of coast and there are a lot of sites and parties to enjoy all the time .
I believe that many people would agree with me , as football is the most faurite sport in the world .
No progress will happen without plan .Each one has a dream want to achieve it but first of all he need to put a plan and also cognitive one .
Last week one friend of mine told me about a new cafe that had just opened near my house and that she thought it was a magic place .
If you remember that , and understand it , you will become a great basketball player .
This follows that on the one hand I have extensive knowledge in how to be on good terms with different people and on the other hand I have a perfect coomand of English .
Last summer I finally managed to change my boring job and that tiny clothes job for a better one .
What happened to me is not the reason for my mood but I 'm sure it contributed .
Lima is a small city where there is no more space for another car .
I live in big city , the capital of Spain , so there are different transport .
Japan asked the United states for help , they gladly agreed , and they dragged Japan back up to their normal status .
I have always wanted to fly , to travel , to paint , to write and to love .
The perfect hotel I would love to work should be located in my country .
Sorry for taking too long to get back to you , it 's the end of the quarter and you know how crazy is this period for a sales man .
When I started reading I could not put it down because it is a fascinating story that grabs you .
All in all , Public transport is not as fast as a car can be ; it 's not as convenient as a car can provide , so it 's future is in doubt .
It is better not to interfere the internal political affairs when they do not know lots about China 's politic conditions .
In 1983 The pizza restaurant reopened with more security and robots with more friendly appearance .
The Spice Bazaar is the second largest covered bazaar after the Grand Bazaar .
The next time I do this lesson I would use a more skills based lesson with perhaps a listening or a short reading .
There are a lot of football teams , football events , and fan clubs in almost every country of the world .
Not only can foreign languages become a huge advantage to me , it can also bring me satisfaction and gratification .
If somebody wanted to play a soccer , I would recommend that he or she has to have a stretching because soccer is very active sport so always has a possibility to be injured .
Today it is fact that there is a target group for mobile banking : people who are living in remote areas of the world .
In here , they will teach you how to draw the face of god , dance like god , and beat the drum .
We never see him again , I think that when Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
To begin with , the format of the bank notes needs to be designed , factors of considerations including the background colour , the artwork and the security issues .
With over two hundred thousand dollars in his bag he was a giant walking target .
The next called partially damaged shees , and bank notes separaed into good and bad , good sheets will be cutted into separate bank notes and packed , the bad one will be destroyed by fair .
They have much money to buy things that they need , and things that they do n't need .
I wanted we can live together forever , they taked care of me , loved me , we lived in the same house , we had a happy family .
So , if are going to play this sport do notice that there are some rules and be sure that you have all safety stuffs with you . Please do n't forget to take pleasure of batting first .
Countries , states , cities and even municipalities are focusing on how to include green plans in their future work plans .
I met her in University 20 years ago , She is 4 years younger than me .
The reason is that when you use the car , you normally go on your own and when you travel by metro or car lot of people are travelling at the same time as you .
It is just the beginning of winter vacation courses , so she has been struggled with a lot of work and students .
The first thing I want to say is that I am really surprised about you finally decide to start with music 's lessons .
During those few times with which I built my experience we all played together and we cooked together , so I taught them how to make some chicken and some pasta in an Italian way .
The future of the public transportation can be death or can be in growth , it depends on were do you position your point of view , in Mexico maybe will never die , but in the United States the public transportation is now in agony .
I felt cold sweat again , just like five minutes ago when I 'd seen open window .
Each nation has their own historical places , Vietnam is not an outcast , we also have many historical places which help the younger generations to understand throughout about the past .
It may also because as people are getting richer they do n't need to go for a public transport as more comfortable option is always there waiting for them .
and we must throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive thus we can improve National income by attracting many people from other town . and we must lern children that clean is necessary for their health and on their school they should throw rubbish on Waste basket and who throw it on the ground Will be punished . to top it all we ca n't go without Cleanliness of our town .
Nowadays it 's believed that it 's better to work on your own than to work as a group .
Often , it turns out , that purchase should not take place at all , the reason being lack of money .
Holidays are mostly about relaxing therefore I disagree with always trying new things .
In these cases , jounalists themselves should realize that they are taking it too far and that they should respect them a bit more .
This whole dispute could have been avoided if not for Puck 's mistake .
It carries a lot of memories from the past to now , whether it is cruel to people or not .
This town has not only focused on recycling , it has also promoted green areas .
the first martial art that I proved was tae kwon doo and I practice for 5 years , after that i started kung fu and i m still there .
It may sound silly , but I think it actually will make those devices more user friendly and functional .
I drive a Zündapp KS50 , it is an old moped from 1975 .
One of these places is , undoubtedly , Kazimierz , the Old Jewish district of Cracow .
What is more , I am quite good at sports , especially at football , basketball and tennis .
Maybe a special diet , special clothes or any kind of thing you might need that will not be easy to find here .
Mass shooting , bombs , hacking into security system can happen any time , any day .
Not even her boyfriend knew about this , and she felt ashamed because deep inside her , she did knew that he will feel betrayed and probably he did n't want to be with her anymore .
I have an intermediate level and I 'd like to speak English better because my pronunciation is n't very well .
First of all , the most of the people in Extremadura use the car for going to the job , to university or school .
Anyway , I really need to stop now , since I have got to get down to my homework .
Ss did n't know how much time they have to finish the task .
In the first place , few people did know about this law , and , of course , most business opposed the idea .
Next to Hamstead Heath , this historic Inn is full of character .
First of all , I make my every effort to do my job better , however , they only consider that I waste my time doing wrong thing .
Abortion only has to be approved as an option in life threatening.pregnancies or if the mother has been sexually molested .
Sightseeing and excursions with private local guides are available on request .
The purpose of this propossal is to provide details abouts shopping facilities in my hometown , Vung Tau , and give some recommendations for tourists .
" Piracy is destroying the music industry " as it is a violation of copyright .
The reasons could be , firstly , fast food is cheaper and very accessible for young people .
To be perfectly honest , ever human - being is dreaming of the home of the Future and ever dream is an individual , but in the future , our dreams will come true ?
She was disappointed and try to explain her thought to him , but he did n't want to understand her reasons .
After these moments , you starting doing things that many people think impossible or even unbelievable .
Because , I really love to work with people all of ages , and I would like to appreciate have this post and I 'm energetic and hardworking person .
We 'd make jokes and chase each other with the brooms , trying to smack the other on the head .
Why do we think that only convenience can be the main point of using a car ?
In those cities where the number of the residents is over a million , public transport system is widely used .
Do want to be doctor?.Many people around the world want to help people , so they choose to study medical .
When you are travelling with a big company , it is a best decision to travel by the bus .
That is what everyone say when we ask if they prefer public transport or car .
Secondly , shopping in supermarkets is extremely irritating before annual celebrations , or during seasonal sales .
Therefore it compares the purchase price , the warranty expenses and the running costs of each product .
Then , from 2nd Qtr to 3rd Qtr the sales increased by $ 250 .
Nuclear energy is one of most important source to generate energy and heat for the people in the world .
It is not only changing how we communicate , but how we interact with each other in daily life .
Then I made a few conscious changes that I began to manage duration for finishing my homework ahead of some weeks , as well as stopping procrastinating in the most important areas of my life .
When the new mayor arrived , he decided to move the traffic away from the city centre .
My town takes care of the environment because the people of my town try to plant how many trees and plants they can .
Well , we 'll keep in touch and thank you very much for all your help .
In less than two weeks , I 'm going to fly to New York City .
I believe they are genetically programmed to take away all your ' joie de vivre ' .
My fabourite sport is tennis , although is not the only one I practice is the one I most like to play .
The purpose of this report is to inform about how the city of Granada take care of envirnoment .
I am writing this letter to inform you about a serious problem that we are having in the city .
In the moment of choosing , very different aspects like ecological effects , the economic viability and even time uses , take part on the decision .
If you are thinking that you should do some sports , you would really enjoy playing basketball .
Luxor is an amazing city in the south of Egypt .
The walls are green and blue , on the green wall there are some of my photos , and on the wall there are some photos of my brother .
They 're being followed constantly by paparazzi , their private photos are being bought for millions of dollars .
As well as for his need , he uses his magic to help ' A sweet Athenian lady ' ' in love'(2:2:260 ) namely Helena with her situation with Demetrius in Act 2 .
The words " freestyle " and " slalom " caught my attention .
If you do n't follow the schedule , you should give up one of them .
Take genetic engineering as an example , on the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more corps and meats , on the other , it makes people believe that scientists can help in finding more efficient ways in producing more corps and poultry in the future , resulting in an unprecedent increase in human population , which brings pollution to the environment .
The main reason for this is , provided that we bear in our minds that we must collaborate with all arounds , we will maintain the world on our hands .
My recommendation is to invest in a good cleaning machine , consequently we will not have to spend hours cleaning the streets .
In other words , some professor when teaches different topics they explain the concepts and it 's difficult to learn .
Those who become homeless usually do not know that there is a system to help poor people .
Despite the fact that visual aspect is the most important thing to most people in my opinion in this case everything was said and no new forms could be created .
Sending criminals to prison is a serious verdict for people that have made a mistake .
Go to a doctor , ask him to analyse the type of step to make up with an ideal footwear .
Furthermore , some learners respond better to an explicit focus on rules , which make them aware of the mistakes they are making .
The last point that has changed people 's life is the tendency to have the same thougths or the same goods .
Until he had calmed enough to go feed his dog , his one best friend , the dog he and his fiance ' bought before it broke off .
The last decades there has been an massive change been in our lives , this is caused by the development of internet .
I like to take out the trash every night and I try to recycle my trash throwing it in different bags .
He got lost and asked about the hotel in a cafe owned by Blanche , a beautiful girl .
Some people ca n't afford to buy a car or to pay for oil , as it is constantly rising , so using a public transport is an economic way to travel .
They are more beautiful and popular than he , all girls are in love with their and all boys would pay to participate in their parties , including Michael and their friends , who were always excluded .
When I stepped on it , I lost my balance and the box fell on the ground .
In contrast , I think that the parents who insist their children should only travel on school buses protect them too much .
First of all , I think , to stay young , you need a goal in life .
I work in Café Noir , a well - known restaurant , popular with visitors in the centre of town .
More words can be add in the article , so there can be a better explanation of the subject .
In conclusion , the average level of education in the past is n't enough today to be considered educated .
As to the teacher , we will find out whether the programme planning was adequate or not and if s / he was sufficiently implied in the learning - teaching process .
Kateryna was born in 1988 in Siberia , RF in the family of Ukrainian Tatars .
As I had arrived just as they open at 1 pm , I had the whole place to myself .
One of the purpose of this event is to encourage running to have a healthy lifestyle , so I got a better physical development .
Is easy to get to my apartment from the airport , you can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to the powder street , when you get there you just call me and I get there , my apartment is not far from that street .
Last week , I went to Barcelona with my sister , Caroline , she had to take an exam .
The weather was very good and we enjoyed having dinner barefoot , sat on the sand .
Another way this change is evident is that social networking or applications such as Skype , FaceTime and Facebook are widely used to stay in touch with their family , friends and relatives
Therefore , I strongly recommend guaranteeing internet access which does not represent a high cost for the academic board .
In my opinion , the biggest problem with buses is that they are becoming very degraded , and in desperate need of repair .
My best skills are dealing with people as well as I am able do two things at the same time .
Nevertheless , the skills are not diverse enough for children to deal with specific problems when living in a complex society .
Have you read any good magazine recently ? I 've just bought a new magazine called coolclub , which only started a week ago .
Nowadays , we can see in all street a lot of bins and it is difficult to see rubbish on the floor because many people are cleaning the city .
The author says that the pros far outweigh the cons and it is the main idea of the article .
It 's the quickest way to come to my home but at the same time it 's more expensive .
I am writing in connection with the advertisement for a job in the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
It is true that there are an increase on violence in the past and it is our duty to tell our children that a world without guns are a better world .
I want it to look beautiful , be easy to wash and not expensive at the same time .
It is sad to say that the future generations have no choice but have to adapt to the changes in order to survive .
There is also an extensive local bus network in order to provide services to all the suburbs around the city .
According to a study published by the journal « American Journal of Medicine Brevintev » in August / August next that the more public transport in the city , where population has become leaner and healthier .
The future of public transport is one of the key issues large cities have to face .
I think I would be fit for this job , because I am young , energetic , enthusiastic and have always enjoyed working with children .
However the water is dirty and it is recommended to clean the pool at least twice a week .
From that moment on , I haven't been in Jennifer 's shadow anymore - she was in my shadow .
There were a lot of rich people , maybe we were about ten to one hundred not living in a house .
With these experiences I can safely escort people , which are knocked out or a bit ill and ca n't stand the concert anymore , out of a concert and help them .
On the contrary to the subject I disagree having to try new and challenging things on holidays due to the fact that I take much more pleasure reading novels which make me feel all the rush of an outside activity all the while keeping me safe and comfortable .
It is believed that every person sees the smile differently because of the changes in the lighting that Leonardo presented .
I backed off and decided to just continue to do my personal contribution in helping mother earth .
Our government prefer keep our population without information , because it is easier to manipulate their mind .
I know football does n't go by sentiments but the love of choice and what desire you the best .
I 'm not sure what is the most expensive restaurant in my town , maybe there are some near the beach because the tourist normally go there .
The main character , Walter Mitty , works in a well - known magazine " Life " as a manager of photo negatives .
On the one hand , it 's addictive . Internet addiction represents a serious problem in our age .
Many drivers regard travelling by car as a future means to travel which helps people save much time .
Dancing is not as easy as everybody thinks , but it is definitely worth a try .
My favourite sport is soccer . I like to play soccer because it 's a great sport .
This is a time , when parents could create behaviour of their children , because when they grow up , they are beginning rebel and do things which are good in their opinion .
Even if there are some disadvantages , most students agreed that this is an amazing experience not to be missed .
Secondly , bullying among teenagers and rise in heart attacks are some of the main effects among people who are obese .
And sometimes I take my camera with me , because I love photography and there are so much great motifs .
Though my mother tongue is Spanish , my English is fluent and I am versatile with different languages .
He was neither the first nor the only person trying to invent an incandescent light bulb .
What I like most in this game is that The fewest number of player can play it even two player , i recommend everyone to exert it especially with their friends or families ,
When this phenomenon occur most of the migrants need to learn the new language to adapt to the new environment .
I am writing to apply for a job in the USA I saw recently in your advertisement in a local newspaper from my city .
Response : I 've read about how this company 's growth is on the rise and also how involved it is in the reduction cost of energy and how to harness the power of modern energy as the world moves further into the 21st century .
She was trying to find a job for a year but she was n't lucky at all .
I would like to learn in this art course , but you should solve the problems or improve them .
We raised a € 44,500.00 and we are really grateful for your attendance our event .
A group of teenagers , all males , have made a makeshift life for themselves there .
My bachelor thesis , founded in Economic Law , was unanimously awarded by the Jury with the maximum score of 10 .
The first computers was created in 1946 for John W. Mauchly and J. Presper Eckert in the United States .
I ended up working to Mr Smith ' company in Madrid where I 've been working there for 20 years .
I would welcome an opportunity to work in the USA this summer in order to practise my English .
I had the pleasure to visit Hotel Sparta at Omonia square on my first day in Greece .
She is an only daughter , so she does n't have either brothers or sisters , but she has two lovely cousins called Daniel and Mariano .
Last summer , we went to Córdoba to attend a very important dance competition ...
But soon I made up my mind , thinking that I ca n't be so decadent forever I want some change , hoping I will be better in the next year .
So I think there will be future for public transportation , and this may because of the updated technologies .
The first time I knew about volleyball , I was in my last Secondary School year and we were invited to cheer up a local team during a Regional Tournament in Lima , Peru .
The other is , travelling by car is n't convenient if you go to the famous resorts , most famous resorts lack of parking lots , travelers may spend hours to park .
However , I see sport as a physical activity , where I constantly challenge myself to achieve better results .
So If I can join your school , I will cherish this opportunity and work hard in school .
As soon as I read the article about your problem , I decided to write you at once and give you some suggestions , since I have the similar interest in physical fitness , too .
For another , there are many different types of programs , which can broaden our eyes , they give details of education , plus other meaningful information , such as documentaries , talk show and so on .
Secondly , I 'd like to tell you some things about myself as well .
Perhaps the clearest example of this is that unlike the past , it is not necessary to buy envelops and stamps to send the letter .
With firm determination , they can continue their education and work to feed their family as well .
In order to achieve its objectives , Trivago invested more money in the promotion in 2014 .
Taxis are available throughout the city , and can be called by a simple phone message .
He suggested to build the motorway in another place to save the squirrels and to protect that beautiful landscape .
It saves plenty of time by avoiding traffic jams and there is no need for searching for a parking space .
Those attempts were considered as one of Gorbachov 's main merits . "
Also you 're about to finish your classes , so if you give up music , you will discard all your effort .
If you want to raise animals , you must take care of it , love it and treat it like a family .
Each character in this play , who is able to do magic , uses it in a different way , for example : to help ; for their own need .
The most valuable thing is that there are so many supporters of different trends in all these areas .
If I were you I would ordered the shots of alcohol because there is a toy train which will deliver the shots to you .
I wake up early like 7 am , at this moment go out to the backyard to turn on the boiler , then go to kitchen
In my town people are very educated and very aware of the environment , they know very well that if we take care of the environment then it will useful for us only , so they always take care about the rubbishes and try to clean the village .
And to day is necessary because if you want to travel around the world and meet people and have conversation with their you need to now more than your foreign language , because in the rest of the world and particularly in Europe people now more than two language and that great .
I like football because it improves my basic skills and my mind does not take that much stress .
Also , films and video games containing violent scenes can stimulate audiences to imitate those acts and commit crimes .
Maybe we can not convince the whole world participate in helping the environment right away , but it can begin with ourselves .
The following conversation was so engaging that I forgot the time and , as a result I got late for my departure to Chicago .
In the argument , the author asserted that the city should prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza .
A turn starts with your toes , and then your knees and then your hips .
And if you do n't like do sport you can watch the matches of the teams around the world .
First of all , I strongly believe that I would be the most suitable applicant because of my long experience in bar servicing .
Our world is very polluted by public transport so we think about what will happen in the future .Public transport causes many problems in our environment such as , difficult reaching to the nearest destination , the pollution , and causing diseases .
Also , just for young children that are in process of growth and development , physical exercise is essential to do it , because they can have a healthier life .
His name is John , and like me he is getting a degree in Phisics Engeneering in the hope that someday he can work at a research center , such as CERNE , convinientely placed a few miles away from his house .
But it should not be forgotten , that parents have the most influence as they are models to follow .
However , the critics claim that obligatory military service is a waste of time and has a negative impact .
If I want to sleep , he stops his own imagination to let me relax and rest .
According to this rule , any person can develop a talent after 10 000 hours of training .
Next , the boat usually is very big , so we can do many activities on it , such as dancing , drinking .
The painting is currently on display at the Musee du Louvre , in Paris .
First , to have a successful campaign it is important to know the target market .
I think there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Regarding my experience , on the one hand , I take part in a soccer club in university , consequently , I have some experience working in a team .
When I was there , I did my job pretty well , and I quite enjoyed it .
First of all , family and friends whom we love always offer their support to comfort us .
However , both of them did not unite to face the intruder and continued to assault one another .
In pantanal the weather ir hot and wet , and we can drive into the river deeper in the wood and see the wild animals like the alligators .
I advise you to visit Queretaro it has had an excellent service with foreign people since five years ago .
We want all our children to go to this camp , so we set up a donation project .
After that , I did my homework because I had a lot of and it was pretty hard .
And if we compare the money you spend with the car and the amount that you spend with the public transport , it is less .
On the hand famous people intend to protect their private live , but on the other hand they want to be followed by paparazzi .
In my opinion TV is useful because we can learn many interesting things and also reduce stress watching TV .
After Mia gives birth to her doughter Lilly , Annabelel wants to kill her .
However , most of the time people keep a good relationship with their co - workers in order to accomplish their common task harmoniously .
I ca n't wait to hear more about your work , you seemed very excited about it .
Thus , I suggest to make subscriptions to international magazines in order to enrich the school 's library .
1 . The author compares Easter to a pagan spring festival , because they are associated with happiness .
In this kind of education , teacher is only the guide who helps students to discover the information on their own .
Entering your car and giving the directions and then having a stress - free drive towards your destination and let a computer take control of your ride is not a distant dream anymore .
Unfortunately it 's not possible because of the costs that the Economic System would be compelled to support .
I bet you love money , especially money obtained by illegal means , do n't you ?
It had n't been easy , she had had to leave her beloved homeland behind .
To this end , it has proposed the East China Sea Peace Initiative in 2013 called upon all parties concerned to the steps outlined below :
However , I strongly believe that the measurement of education level does not explicitly interest with sex differences in the classes , but also it is related to the quality of education level in the schools .
Although it had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
When it comes to helping communities , people hold different attitudes toward whether young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities or not .
The experience is an unforgettable and I hope that I feel the same soon at the next concert .
These two reasons may be enough for every child to consider his / her parents as valuable teachers .
In terms of holidays , some people like to visit their own countries , while others prefer going abroad .
Almost arriving at home and mulling over the thoughts take his own conclusions to what could might have happened .
In May the weather is usually sunny , but in the evening could be colder than during the day .
It is argued that whether the government or teachers have the right to determine what subjects should be taught in schools .
Almost every home , office or school has a computer of some kind these days .
In summary public transport is important for our community and people has to raise their concerns regarding this .
Because public transport does not operate 24 hours a day , means people have to follow a schedule .
Tom and Jack were curious about what had happened but they did n't know from were to take answers .
Conversely , with the latest medical discoveries , doctors are able to treat many of the world 's diseases .
A detective named James Reilly wants to find out the reason for murder and to arrest murderer .
People who are rich prefer to travel by their own cars as they can take any route and drive as per their convenience .
I have experience in this work , because last year I worked at a children camp in London .
In short , although travelling by car is more comfortable and easier than do it by public transport , it is not probably than in the near future they disappear .
I have a sister whose name is Andrea Jönsson , she 's 16 years old .
I would like to answer some questions from the guideline on Moodle , to explain how this course helped me to improve my English .
The aim of this report is to give my opinion about the facilities and services the Active Leisure Clubs .
Also , in my opinion , young people should not use computers for much time because this could be dangerous for their health , appearing sight problems or headaches .
Today , more people not only in the field of education , but also in different fields , have made use of robotics as tools to deepen their exploring and studying .
In the blink of an eye , a small dark figure sped over to Alison .
In particular every week you can find " Il panino più " , a special roll created by the fancy of the cook .
I 'm really sorry that I can not accept your offer to work at your restaurant .
I love English but there is an interesting subject I want to study and it 's Mathematics .
I read your letter , I would like to know some details about what places do you want to visit .
I am conscious of the essential elements you need to be familiarized with when it comes to treat kids , such as , patience Charisma , kindness , empathy , etc ; and I would be delighted to be part of your team .
My advice to people who want to play football is to be passionate , to like and feel football .
This means you do n't know for sure who you 're really talking to .
If you enter the world of NFL brutality , rivalry and love you should know that you stay here forever .
My advice to anyone starting basketball is to never giving up and always keep playing till the last minute .
In the Romantic Age we can find another important subject based on the concept of nature : the sublime .
I would like to think that in the future we will explore more the universe and we will colonise other planets .
Most of the people prefer this kind of transport , especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
Finally , it depends on that works for you , because you have to be constantly remembering the time that you do your tasks .
I play this game four times a week in a really beautiful centre which is called ' Rai ' .
Finally , knowledge could make an open - mined person who has ability to deal with problems in fairway .
First , I am to say that People 's lives change in the future , because the new technologies will change the lives of people .
-I'm sorry - he repeats again but more serious and with his normal face - Is cause , well is my first kiss ok ! , I can fight with Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headed snake and everything that you can imagine .
Furthermore you have the chance to take a nap , do some work or watch TV while you are being transported .
Rust and Bone , on the other hand , presents story in a realistic way .
She must go to a shopping centre because Tom is waiting for her in the shopping centre .
However , if you want to have a look at them , they are put up on the supermarket .
My town is very beautiful and I like it very much because it is not any dirty streets in it
My favorite song is All about that bass with Meghan Trainor , because the song makes me feel good and happy
When something important happens , the first person I will call is a member of my family .
In engineering part , there are a lot of laboratories , which is help us to easy to understand about subject such as Physics , Chemistry or even Economics .
That way , you will be able to do sport as well as going to music classes .
The responsibility of education institutions should be helping and guiding students to make their own decisions , not making decisions for students .
The first step is design which includes background colour , artwork and security issues .
Every day people thinking about fresh food , fast food , sweet food and many different types of food , why ?
I would recommend this hotel to anyone because there you will completely relax and really it will seem to you I you were in heaven !
If technology is leading to those kinds of consequences , we should start to realise how to use technology properly without needing to eliminate it .
Taking subway to work has become a trend and all the changes that happening today will sure lead a bright future to public transport .
However , I 'm interested & excited about the journey because it will allow me to have a myriad of new experiences .
It all began with my older sister Jennifer , as everything used to begin with her .
Personally , I think the computer brings many changes in the world , and is for that I think it is the most important invention .
It works towards allowing all the EU citizens to travel and work freely no matter which country they are from .
All this makes using the car much convenient due to the fact that not only do you leave when you want , but also straight away from the very door of your own house .
Firstly , I am convinced that colour is very important when people buy clothes , especially for women .
Unfortunately , my best friend deceived me , I do n't know how she managed but she hurts me .
I mean , after reading the terms and deposit policy , I understand I must pay the first night at the booking time and the rest of the stay it would be paid upon arrival to the front desk .
In my view , I am sure I am the right person for the job - because I have patience with children , I know what they enjoy doing , and my cooking skills are very useful too .
Some teenagers have the luck to be open - minded and they know how to speak with their parents and it 's a good way to solve problems .
To solve this problem , the city should set up more space and facilities for skateboarding , and divide the different space for walking and skateboarding .
For instance , some group could have questions , but it would not be able to ask the other group because they would sleep at that time .
The aim of this report is to give some advice to all of you who like shopping .
Thanks to the speed , excitement , and convenience of the cars , our lives are enriched .
Unfortunately , we also had problems with nutrition : In your brochure it was told that we will have a number of restaurants around , but in fact there was only one which was , in addition to that , really expensive .
Another interesting redevelopment is that factory was knocked down to make way for a shopping centre , and in the same way was for Church which was pulled down to take place for a pub .
Parents are very important , because they can suggest some solutions , but final decision must undertake their children .
There are other areas like " El juego de pelota " this means the Ball Game , there is also a very important " Cenote " where they used to sacrificed pretty young girls to their goods .
In the age before the industrialisation came in to exsitance , people were also using various alternatives to travel from one place to another .
The article " Stairways to Heaven : Gothic Architecture , Heavy Metal , and the Aesthetics of Transcendence " is an unparallelled one in terms of the discussion it evokes .
Sometimes the reasons for doing so are not to do with convenience but , rather more to do with economic issues or matters of conscience .
But in modern countries , the environmental effects of one 's behavior is becoming important and concerning .
For example : we go to the restaurant , we go to see my brother 's football match , we eat or stay at home all together .
I am living in Chennai one of the populated city in India perhaps one of the most polluted city in India too .
First , I want to focus your attention on the fact that normally the mistakes have not importance , because all the things have fix and , if they have not fix why do you worry ?
It had been a long and rainy day ; Tom had been working all day and was very tired and hungry .
Only then it starts to make great fun and you certainly will not regret that you have taken it up . Enjoy ! !
We have to consider people need to earn sufficient money to support their families and be able to buy a car .
It looked quite simple , I had no idea who could have sent me that letter .
On the other hand , can someone tell me why their children can spend hours playing video games ?
The graph is taken from the website " Statistiken aus Deutschland " .
You will find me to be a reliable person who has a professional , calm and honest approach to all work related matters .
I can call my dad who live in New York now then call my friend living in Norway after first call .
We stayed in three different hotels and one day , we went also to the sea in Giardini Naxos .
If parents educate their children to keep away from soft drinks or cultivate the awareness of drinking water .
For example , driving a car we can wear whatever we want and listen to the music on any volume .
In the morning I walk around the cinema and the most important place of my country and I talk about the films that the people can watch .
To sum it up , the author 's prediction wo n't happen if the city prohibits skateboarding .
I do n't only like soft music I also like pop music and house music .
Before I want to pay money for something , I always think carefully that I 'm really necessary or not .
Second , New rules were legislated condemning any person intended to harm the environment in any way .
Behind every single movement you will find gracefulness and power .
The wonderland that is described in the book is created through logic games , and , therefore , it is understandable the success it has achieved in the most varied environments .
I enjoyed this very much , because I got the chance to meet a lot of people .
although traveling by car is really interesting but still using public transport has its advantages , by using public transport you 're saving effort when driving a car for along distance you will get tired , some people do n't have enough money to buy their own car .
Finding a new job has become a tough task for all the people who have just finished their studies .
In the last few years public transport has been improving a lot in terms of technology , flexibility and diversity in terms of timetables , tickets and places .
Every day I wake up at 05:00 AM and go to bed at 10:00 PM .
In contrast with Dickens , the Bronte sisters deal with love and psychologically complex women as protagonists .
In my opinion any transport is completely safe , however people say the plane is the safest transport .
The best place i 've visited is probably orlando because i like all the amusement parks and roller coaster .
I agree that film stars and famous politicians must have their free time because they are working for people everyday .
However , I personally think that it should not be regarded too critically but should only be handled responsably , according to one 's personal needs .
Hence , if everyone has a private car he can go to his work on time .
The other reason is that actors want to be recognisable , because popularity give possibility to earn more money .
I have visited many historical and tourist places in many countries like Belgium , Great Britain , Spain and others .
Also , it is reported that Chinese investors have driven up housing prices in Vancouver by 12% .
If there were more buses or trains at any time ( also in the night ) , it could be convenient using them and letting the car in the garage .
In italy , football is the most followed sports , specially in my town where played the most important player of the world : Diego Armando Maradona .
If I won the lottery , I would buy an electric car because you can you park in the center of the town .
The reason he used to kill people was because they did n't respect the laws .
Rowh ( 2006 ) states you will stay up late for accomplishing assessments before the deadline is due without planning in advance .
Firstly , it is very good for the environment because it reduces a lot of carbon dioxide gasses which if everybody took the car instead of taking public transport would pollute the atmosphere
From soldiers who served in the trenches of France to the ceremonial functions in the nation 's Capital .
On the one hand , public transport is well known by their large amount of benefices like less pollution and more economical aspects .
During my studies , I had to make several times portfolios and had negotiation classes , so that will be no problem for me .
It will consider some relevant items which will be completely changed in the future , as well as arguing and explaining the pros and cons of everything .
As you enter the place you are welcomed by a magnificent setting , a lot of paintings of the city .
The campsite borders on a small lake which can be quite cold , even in summer .
It is why I think public transport is really important for public and there are a lot of important thing is having a possble in the future .
So when admirable adults set good examples for youngsters , they can influence behaviour in a positive way .
You could do a tour of all the cities of Spain ' cos every one has something special that you must see .
I also like riding horses , that is one of the thing I often do when we are at Gotland , by the way .
- The prince of blue city , he is very handsome , and his family has military studies , thereby he is the second more perfect guy in the world .
Michael 's parents were absolute poor , they hardly paid school fees for him although they did their best to see him be educated .
In conclusion , I 'm pretty sure that you do n't need much money to be happy .
As far as I 'm concerned , it 's critical for governments to take mesures to reduce the problems .
Apart from the eating culture , everything is going well as people here are generous and hospitable .
When the exam was finished , he went out the room where the competition had been held .
Recently although there are many LCC careers we can choice , it is still expensive to travel by plane .
In this article a teacher refltcts on his experiences of creating plays and using them to help motivate students to develop their English .
As I was climbing downhill , I found myself getting blisters on my palm in a manner I could have no control over .
Only public transport is permitted on the main streets , because it is used from lot of people .
And the PLC controller 's wires have been protected by the insulated rubber everywhere except the connection point .
It depends on where and what kind of place you want to reach and it depends on the time of the day
I have been asked last week to write a report about the best places for young people in my area .
In addition , the shops arrangement is actually very messy and finding the store I need is hard .
Although the Brazilians have a shorter personal space in comparison with the United States , they are no tolerant with strangers invading it .
After doing it skillfully , you can do it at home or any place .
A snake tried to bite my friend but his dog at the last moment saves him and took that snake away .
I had to find something to keep me going , to fulfill the missing part in me .
I feel sad and angry to know that 200,000 Hong Kong people support this website .
When I want studying for exams going to the living room and sitting front of TV
I 'm writing this letter to tell you about my work last summer at my local cinema .
In conclusion , fame may be nice but it 's not an easy path to walk on .
I like running , ride my bike , playng football , skiing at winter , climbing , etc .
All my yoga lessons and massage sessions are conducted in line with Correct Approach to Spine ( CAS ) method , so they are very safe and based on scientific reason .
Travelling by car is much more convenient than using public transport for various obvious reasons .
Michael had just woken up , he felt a Little bit thirsty so he went to the kitchen for fresh water .
First of all , my altruistic nature is due to my biological desire to help other .
It was unbelievable to speak with the artists and ask them questions about their life and habits .
The most significant procedure is called inspection , which means mannual check by particular machines and staffs , and then they are classified into 3 different columns , including good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets , and bad sheets .
But let me tell you it was a concert that the performed Lala Band and I have taken and I especially , I was the cameraman .
One can choose between organic and low - fat products , some of which are produced far from our shores .
But if you eat at home with your family you can have a joke while preparing dishes or talk about their own private life things .
The best of all is that you wo n't have to go further because you can find all these shops in the center of Madrid .
I hung up the phone and I go out to celebrate the moment with my colleagues .
He was very lucky because the gunman returned to pick up his motorbike and keep his gun .
The fairies recite their sentences as if they were a poem or song . '
My favorite band is " cbjr " , its a brazillian band , the type of music is rock and rap , yours music are very easy to single .
And each time it occurred , Cecilia burst in tears , and Michael had to rock his sobbing wife like a baby .
She was popular but not proud , and that made her even more likable by all .
It is very good that these days schools offer you more languages for learning to choose from and they recommend learning at least 2 foreign languages .
He deserves to be famous because he has his own charity and helps to poor families with little children .
It really was amazing , I think , it was a breakthrough in my perception of music .
And for this reason I honestly think it will be the only means of transport in the future .
Our monthly fuel expenses can be reduced by using public transport to get to the workplace .
Now , I am 28 year old woman who does n't has time for normally dinner because I 'm a very busy .
Secondly , the mandatory military service can develop the character of a person , making it stronger .
In addition , I have excellent customer service skills and am highly efficient with the use of computers in a wide variety of applications .
One day , in the silence of nowhere while Celine was reading a book she felt someone beside her .
On the other hand , I have just finished my first year in Physical Education degree , where we played a lot of different sports .
I would like to say for anyone wants playing soccer to be very careful when he plays it because it may cause a lot of injures , but in the same time it is very nice game .
Consequently , these participants give us some keys to understand better the situation , but actually they just confirm what the girl feels .
But the phobias are which we experience that are life - threatening and they can distrupt everyday life , but people can get over with the right sort of therapy .
Although it had been a tiring day she was very pride of that little sheet of paper .
So , in Russian print the name of Shakespeare is mentioned first in 1748 .
If it is a bad sheet , the porcedure is disposal --bad sheetsand bank notes should be securely destroyed .
In this essay I will discuss two of these : the immersion method , and the classroom method .
In the past , graduating from high school was considered an achievement ; today it 's not .
Indian people make an amazing food , but it 's so spicy .Indian people dance in amazing way .
Founded in the 12th century , it came through all important events of Eastern Europe history , from Tatar invasions till the World War II which was a real disaster .
This example shows that people with obesity not only suffer from bullying but also from heart attacks .
Moreover they try to be interesting for all ages so they post on facebook and twitter as well which draws the attention of the younger generation to the programme .
If you want to spend your time visiting famous and very beautiful place and see by yourself the main sightseeing in Moscow , I recommend you to visit the Red Square .
And so you do n't own your time to do what you want whenever you like although this is my leisure , my free time which means the time of relaxation & meditation .
To sum up , if you follow my options you 'll see results directly and I 'm sure you will not regret it .
Reading this book is like unwrapping a present which is packed in layers of sheets .
Obviously you are late to work , even if you have an appointment to make an interview for a job .
" You have to do your duty here too , remember ? We made a progress back in the other city "
She also appeared to be relieved that she would n't have to live with her parents anymore .
Facebook has more bad effects in adolescents than in adults , they are known to be more mature about what they post and how they interact online .
I want to describe a story of the Monastery of Częstochowa .
Although we need to change some things in the world , more than these is to change a lot of things in the third world countries , because it is not acceptable that in the twenty - first century a person live with less than a dollar per day .
We are lucky to live in a city where both the authority and the people have a strong sense of environmental protection .
I recommend you to try this kind of job in case you want to earn extra money and also meet new people .
Nowadays owning your own house has become an uphill struggle unless you were willing to pay through the nose for it .
For example , if they do not have enough money that is needed to have home and to buy things necessary to live , they can get a financial support by government .
At the same time , actors were busy dressing and reciting the scripts . '
On the other hand , using public transportation is good for the environment because the amount of gas , electricity and other materials is a lot lower per head .
Now we are going to evaluate the main charactheristics and differences between a pellet stove and a pellet boiler .
In the following paragraphs , am going to analyze these issuses in a detailed way to provide solution .
In a hurry he dashed to the microphone and answered the control station .
It 's certainly a good choice if you want to watch a DVD next Friday night .
It can be a great opportunity to travel , meet new cultures and people , or it can be a chance to work to save up money for being able to afford the cost of the university planned on attending .
Most of my time I like hanging out and chilling with my friends , but when I am not with my friends , I am home studying .
I would recommend one of the most appealing scope , which is situated in really attractive part of my city .
Paparazzi and journalists are following them everywhere they go .
The new communication networks will transform the whole world into the big village where everyone will be able to make contact any person .
This is clearly a symptom of how inside my town does n't care any element of the environment .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out with our sail boat .
However some people are not care of environment that mean some people throw garbage away in the park .
They talked for hours one trying to convince the other , he was doing his best , but at the end , the other man declined .
Everything was looking perfect and it was something she enjoyed ndoing before the accident took place .
In my opinion , people need to have freedom to make decisions on their own , but as soon as it starts to be a treat for others , they should be stopped immediately .
My name is Jose .. I 'm 25e years old and I 'm from Madrid , Spain .
The boy had to push himself and break the ice as the time went by .
The owner Patrizio , is really nice and you can often find him out of the restaurant talking to some guest .
Furthermore , has various coaches and with a perfect timetable for the parents that are busy the daytime and for young that need to go classes after lessons .
Celine said with a broken voice and a broken heart . '
At the same time they gorge themselves with every kind of food they find in the refrigerator .
Also , special ink is printed on both side of the sheet and the images are slightly raised .
However , I think that this transport has some disadvantages , for instance : if in a small city there are a lot of cars , the pollution will increase and the environment will be injured .
-Everything is in order , it seems that finally I 'll arrive on time .
She 's 9 or 10 years old I do n't really know .
Once I visited the museumm finding some pictures of the cave painting in France , but when I got France to see the real painting , I found it is more vivid and can show you how great the France caveman who painted it .
I want to tell her too many things about my feelings toward her but I do n't know how to say that .
Sometimes it 's so difficult say the same words for the students . I recommend read different ideas .
I am very energetic , cheerful and hardworking , which are the traits you are looking for !
If I run alone , I take my mobile phone and I can listen to music .
All in all , I think that schools should not stop taking into account this important subject .
The only thing that differs is that film actor has several takes opposed to stage actor who has to play perfectly at one dash .
To sum up , it is very important to be conscious about how food affect our health .
Instead of it , imaginary road network will be built in our air space .
Time - saving and convenience are admittedly considered two essential values of modern lives .
Those who have been the targets of bullying can suffer from long term emotional and behavioral problems .
I saw your advertisement looking for a kids monitor , and I think I could be the best person to fill that position .
We used some resistors and a source of two hundred and thirty volts to control the temperature of water .
Peter got there and had to take practically all of his clothes off because the office was like an oven .
He did not answer at all , besides , he hit the chair near her , and unfortuantely , that chair hit her in a serious manner .
But I played basketball and my tennis at the same time , so I chose basketball , because I think it 's fun .
Your key takeaway # 3 was shocking for me , the feeling of being a nuisance is dreadful .
" There is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient "
Local politicians should focus on sustainability , using vehicles which do not harm the environment .
My friend Make showed me how best to play the role of snow White , it was very funny .
I want is to be fluent so she can understand what I want to tell her .
It means that other people feel challenged and do n't want to fall behind and look underdogs .
The day began as usual and no signs of trouble were but when she woke up and went down stairs she saw a dog but the dog was an unusual color .
In conclusion , public transport will always have a future if local governments have policies to promote it .
It means that soldiers who have already served some time , bully and beat up new recruits for fun .
The passport was ready in an hour , so we were hurrying to the gate and got on the plane .
So the food I made by my own hands is safer than any other food that is made in restaurants .
Such disasters as earthquakes , floods and tornados affect a lot of people every year .
I reckon my weak points are speaking and listening skills nevertheless I would be also interested in working over writing and grammar points .
I think that 's the only negatieve point from today 's television , because maybe there 's too much choice !
In conclusion , every love movie may be interpreted in diverse ways , whereas people could always find distinct inspiration .
We will discover the importance of a unique fragrance and how to mix the ingredients in the right proportions .
What surprised me more positively was the level of peer support , the cooperation and the comradeship .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you and I thank you for your attention .
So I switched and I 'm happy to say that it was the right decision !
Sometimes it is cheaper to use public transport such as busses , trains or airplanes , depending on the distance .
As per the today topic " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that please be patient my English is not too good as you readers think .
This has to do with the technical grammatical features I learned in class as well .
I agree with the fact that as soon as your life is not private anymore , famous people have to face journalists with a smile they do not have .
Secondly , they have a close relationship with their children , which results by feelings and emotions .
It was opened about four years ago by two friends who had previously worked at pizza places .
To conclude I want to say that I 'm the godfather of his eldest son .
This is a good example to show that the infrastructure can help parents to care of their children .
Firstly , there is a great demand among our students of a computer room with broadband Internet connection .
When he was 21 yeasr old , his father told him something about his family 's secret .
If you want to know more information about Korea , let me know and I do n't mind checking your plan to go Korea .
For travelling other cities or town , in my opinion , the car will remain the transport most used , although the new transports could change this situation .
She came in and noticed that her daughter is a little nervous , so she decided to make a coffee , sit and talk for a while .
And although she knows I hate the way she calls me , she does n't stop doing it .
This job would give me the opportunity to pactise my skills and get more experience with children as well .
Yesterday , I had a wonderful day .In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training with a coach of Spanish selection , when finished went to my parents to a hotel to eat and stay with some friends , after the food meet with friend 's of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode to a rollers coaster , it was very exciting and we ate a chocolate ice cream , it was delicious .At night we went to a match of Spanish basketball league , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid and that match won the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .
First of all , the first two months , I would like to find an English academy .
For instance , when Luka died when I was 20 years old , I was so sad and heart - broken as if one member was lost in our family .
On the day of the concert , I met band two hours before start , I ironed all clothes , I even do girls hairstyle .
Nevertheless , once you started to practise running , and want to really get into it , and improve , I do recommend you to take care of your health a to find professional assistance .
On the other hand , the only disadvantage I can see is there are n't activities for the old people .
This aspect has also enabled employees to become homeworkers as they do not longer need to be present in an office to get a job done .
There is no doubt that the subject of keeping animals in zoos creates a lot of debate .
This form of transport can be used to avoid delays due to traffic conditions and parking restrictions .
In the evenings , singing , dancing and torchlight walks are a good alternative to watching TV .
We first met at the swings , she smiled and I knew we were going to be friends forever .
First , learning facts can help students to solve one kind of problems that they may face .
I had asked if I had permission to stand in front of the stage during the main concert and the organisation agreed .
Please accept our dearest apologies ; it was the least of our intentions to offend you with our release letter , which is a standard format authorized by our legal department .
Good morning everyone and welcome to your favorite program " you can also do so " , today we 're going to learn how to make a cake for the birthday of children , as well as Sofia please tell us what ingredients we are going to need to be able to make the cake .
But he is not ready to accept it and asking us to come and repair the unit without any repair request issued . please note that our telephone conversation was only for 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me and hang - up the phone ) .
Let 's look at the most popular places where tourists prefer spending their free time in Moscow .
I look forward to receiving your reply or I will be forced to take a legal action .
Today I do not play volleyboll anymore , but I really enjoy dancing , now I can say that it is my favourite , it is all of .
My favourit sport is football i love it so much when i was young i used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona i was play with my friends at the street and we was happy with that so much and after that we played at playground like really football i love Cristiano Ronaldo so much he is the best player at the world a few people telling me that messi is the best player but i feel angry when i hear that because that is not true so i looking forward to meet my best player one day its like a dream to me .
In that sinister silence , it seemed to be the loudest sound on the world .
Often people , who are watching a commercial , do not remember what details or elements of other visual art types they have seen before .
She had fought to hard for this life and she would not let their long - standing relationship to be ruined just like that .
The first thing you need to start with is a deadline to get everything done by .
So , a lot of parents and students have the opportunity to travel for a year .
It bring us a lot of opportunities to change and in some cases to get a better life in other countries like find a job with the highest salary .
After that , with the new technology they could invent new and better dispositives for the needs of users
So I started to walk away to there , but the guy start to follow me .
I had a great time taking a stroll there while people watched me with their eyebrows raised .
Internationally , the kinds of music are many , however , most of them share the same instruments .
She was calling the waiter , and unexpectedly saw Tom sitting at a table alone .
To sum up , famous is ambivalent and people who want to be famous should realize it before become a star .
It was about what problems are we going to have in a few years if we do n't change anything related to contaminating our environment .
Besides I 've a big surprise , apart from remembering our agreement , my father is taking up hiking with his friends and he has offered us to join in .
So keeping a promise is good , but the thing is : Do n't keep too many promises at the same time ! You should consider if you really can complete it or not .
More significantly , I understand that time - management and planning are crucial in academic life .
When I started watching it I thought it was a bit weird but I ended up really liking it .
In the middle of a crowd was standing my mum with my dad , who had just returned from the war .
Use of high power efficiency and linear high power amplifier ( HPAs ) are growing .
When you have skill to read a book and in that moment you are searching for good job you can find a lot jobs because you can develop easy when you compare with another person that they have been searched job to
We do hope that she can be granted a second interview as we are very appreciated with your school vision , upholding the spirit of Faith , Hope and Love to nurture students .
For the sake of that the public transport will be improved , instead of being replaced by cars .
I really hope Hong Kongers that signed in the website could think again what they were doing and how harmful it is to China .
I believe that use your car has a lot of advantages or benefits , it is more comfartable and less expensive .
It means that you pretend to transform the dialog in a monolog ; moreover , unknown people in the same environment of you frequently do not want to know about your thinking .
In Italy , students have to decide between grammar schools and technical institutes as their secondary school type .
By this method , people have to pay small fee for use a car , not much money such as having a car .
Next , I will have a chance appear in big parties or events and I can make friends with famous person - It 's interesting !
First of all self driving cars are good for people who have got a handicap .
To sum up I would like to participate with you , and I can promise you will not regret it , I hope to hear from you soon .
After 4 days all came with spectacular pictures , portraits of people , large sculptures , to a student , her name was Sandra , she arrived with a piece of crumpled paper , old in which only had a name written in a style different letter , only there reflected , exposing the moment everyone laughed at her for her work , but the teacher said :
On the negative side are the labor conditions . The money is not enough for pay the level of living in London and else the money for " travel expenses " , in my case , arrived until November !
Santa Cruz is growing every year and now it is the biggest city in Bolivia and I like to live here .
one day Michael decided to make a surprise party to sinha to make her happy and feel his love more so he arranged everything and to keep it surprise to her he was busy all the time and did not show off all the week as usual .that make sinha worried and suspect that Michael do not love her any more and know another girl and she become extremely sad and even it become worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to make the surprise to her but he did not answer his phone after that .
If people live the same way as now , in future people will be considered as working robots instead of human beings .
But this mode of transport is n't so comfortable , esspecialy when we must travel onshore , then it 's complicated because travelling by boat is allowed only by the sea or any sizeable river , which courses are usually placed less conveniently than roads or even railway tracks .
I think it should be easy for me to help in the kitchens because I can cook very well .
Those are the most risky roads of the country . if there is an alternate way I always use that .
However , the documetaries are being forgotten and only a twenty - six percent of them would like watching more interesting TV series like Lost .
The day of the concert I was so nervous that I could n't stop walking .
The advertised position is very appealing for me because I have always been fascinated about nutrition and natural therapies .
In addition , I am very keen on children and teach them the marvels of the environment .
I used to go to a Christian school here in Granada , in this school there were good values like share or help to other person .
The top 50 riches in the world hold most of the power to control the direction of our future .
He had already thought about that so he grabbed a blindfold and put it over Elena 's eyes .
However , technology made it easier ten years ago and it became more common in recent years .
it 's makes me likes an animal when i 'm standing and get ready to fight i 'm convert into enemy.i'm a fucking ghost and I can kill anyone who tried to stop me .
He was strong as an ox , for sure , but working as a porter ?
As for the pullotion , it could be reduced if people use the public vehicles ; it is well - known that the CO2 emissions per passenger kilometre by public means of transportation are 80% less than a car .
To begin with , it is true that humans are often born with greed and selfishness .
In spite of the cost of these facilities it is going be expensive but it is necessary .
Overall , it is clear that the main causes for land degredation were deforestation and over - grazing .
In spite of the number of the cleaners , the town is dirtier than Vienna or Prague .
If we think about them , we would realize that we are lucky because of the simple fact of enjoy them .
Can use of your own car instead of a public transport save you money , time and effort ?
We have customs as siesta , Semana Santa and San Fermínes in Pamplona .
wasting time is a huge issue in our life . a lot of knowledges related to time such as : history , education and healthy .
To sum up I really recommend you to see it , you 'll love it
Most of the homes have walls , doors , windows and are built on solid ground .
The film was the last movie stared by Paul Walker as in the film production process he passed away due to car accident .
skills in sports and also a fun loving attitude towards organising activities .
I had the same problems , but I 've managed to find some ways to overcome them .
As I am 13 year younger than my brother , our parents stay more time with me than with him .
As it is a very common phenomenon between teenagers , schools should show them that television also enables you to learn something new .
Cultural literacy is the ability to understand and participate fluently in a given culture .
Of course the answer is no!Everyone knows that " Earth is our home."It is bigger than a house .
Additionally , Metropolitan Medical would be pleased to cover your travel and lodging expenses while you visit the conference , in addition to providing you with a per diem budget .
It is interesting to see how the students resort each other looking for help in a natural way , without the intervention of the teacher .
Sitting at any table you can watch the chefs preparing the fresh food .
At the same time , we will also pay more attention to the people whom we love .
I found that the class challenged the student who had the answers , if they had written down something different .
First , on a plane , I can get to my destination much faster .
These days I watch a lot of different soap operas , though my favourite one is -and will always be- Friends .
last month i watched the Fast and Furious 7 , a film stared by Vin diesel and my favorite actor , Dwayne ' The Rock ' Johnson .
It usually starts with small talks or compliments , as at school I was taught that expressing appritiation to people can be a good start of any kind of relationships .
The bus starts after half an hour and Michael start talking with his parents over the phone and discussed his business .
I do enjoy communicating with children , I like to play games and learn something new from them !
What greatly increased mobility leads to significant changes , additionally , lies in various lifestyles .
That 's how creating visuals on the screen became her favorite activity .
Some people do not think of walking as a sport , they believe that a sport has to be a rough activity one that left you overtired and sweeting .
Thanks for granting our daughter , Cheung Tsz Huan the first interview held on 27 September 2014 .
I live in Italy , so I ca n't easily meet you for the interview , but I hope we could manage for an interview on skype in the next days .
The summer kinds of sports are , for example , swimming , athletics , football , volleyball , basketball and others .
So I think that from my point of view it could be difficult to follow this life style much more than a couple of months .
Classes are being held much more interactive than in the previous years , and also subjects are supposed to prepare pupils for adult life .
I 'm have 2 little brothers and I think I 'm capable of taking care of little and older kids .
The government always says the statement they are doing their best to improve environment but nothing as done perhaps they corrupting people money in terms of various projects that controls the pollution of the city .
Another problem of the buses is that if you take one during certain hours , it 's impossible to find a place free to sit down .
You can imagine how great is idea to leave your own car and take a bus to go to work or go shopping .
For this reason , we have new containers to separate all rubbish : we have to throw away bottles , cans and cartons into the yellow ; paper and cardboard go to the blue and there is another one for glass .
From Ho Chi Minh City , you could go easily to Ninh Thuan by train and it takes you only 6 hours .
In my opinion , every family must have a good communication . Because I think , communication is one of the most important things in our life .
The physical exercise endured during cycling provides a great workout for the cycler , and in addition to that , blending with mother nature helps improve mental health ; you also save your own money by not paying for oil bills .
Though the new problems occur quickly in our state some people and community , try to do their best to develop the civil and democratic society .
But I think that the future is the public transport , we need preserve nature , this is an imperative for our world , then the solution have to take the point that the governments do more invest in public transport , so the people do n't need to get a car for being able to have a job and do n't need it for normal development of their lives .
So it provides a lot of interesting information , one of which are about how works different machines what can be found at www.howstuffworks.com .
However , I think it is very expensive but with a decrease in the cost there would be more people .
So , we need to try to get equal balance between entertainment and education from TV .
There were athletes who are European champions and I picked up all my courage and I did my exercises very well , except for a fall from the beam .
Through teamwork , students with varied levels can cooperate and learn from each other through discussions .
It was Six o'clock and he had hurry if he would not want to get to school late .
Also , it is near Bandati Minimarket and AL - Shafa Hospital .
I left the arena at midnight and I went to an hotel that I did already book online .
At big cities , such New York , the main public transport is the underground , which is usually fast and not too expensive .
I have all her colections books at home and I enjoyed a lot to have a trip with her characters in Bath and all around . I like to read children books and I had lots of fun with Beatrix Potter books and all her little animals , with Peter and all of them .
The fact is he is not the same man I have married and that issue upsets me so much .
I enjoy walking because it allows you to do physical exercise and talk , watch the landscape or do other things at the same time .
They treat you for who you are and know all your faults , but still love you .
And , if that 's not enough , you try to walk upside down on the ice !
The course is going to finish so the teacher want that we go out to a restaurant .
I am prepared to work long hours and take shifts late in the evening since I live nearby .
turning out in a fleeting glimpse into an adult , perceiving the other side of life , how tough and complicated it is , trying to deal with its different circumstances ..
Implementation takes time and money , but if the project does not work all of that could be spent in vain .
Global power and politics are now surprisingly centered to those , which have an apex maturity of science .
Overall the entire night was shown nicely and was entertaining for everyone watching .
There is no doubt that using your private car is much more comfortable & convenient for any person .
I saw your advertisement and would like to apply to work in the USA in one of your Summer camps .
I watched the film one month ago and it has really impressive and engrossing effects .
Having a good job and a high salary will make my life richer and more awarding .
Here , you 'll find most of kinds of temporary job , like in restaurants , bars , etc .
Kids around these age ( 2 to 5 years old ) do not have a maturated critical sense and anything can easyly persuade them .
Throughout my life I lived in a few cities and villages located in South of Russia .
My parents are on patins , my first sister is 37 years old , she is married and she has 2 children Zyad and Yassin , her name is eman .
For one thing , animals do not have homes , so some of them become endangered species , worse still , dying out .
To sum up , The Spanish military academy have a lot of equipment for teaching the future officers .
I think it is important to have a local supplier that can help us in particular situations like a stock failure .
In my birthday 's day , I directed go to school this morning . I wonder whether my birthday passed it at lunch time .
Buda castle is an impressive ancient picturesque building and attractive tourist location .
In the same way a secret agent has to be able to take risks when required .
I think it is not so joyfully , when you wake up and see camera 's flash !
In this regard , they may take public transport instead of driving their own car even if they have one .
Afterwards , take the bridge over the lakes and enjoy a full day of shopping .
Some people claim that life will change a lot in the next five decades , but , how will it change ?
They say it is caused by burning oil , so the society demands itself to enclose it .
I managed to find out very few things about the theory , due to the large number of participants .
Our world 's great scientist have invented internet to solve various distant problems .
I am writing to inform you about the most beautiful places and interesting buildings in Vilnius .
One night , which we were sleeping in our car , by mistake the car started to move and we woke up in a huge cave , out of Los Angeles .
The RUBBERNECKER novel review by Marian Greco
I am writing to apply for the post of camp monitor which I saw advertised on the university website .
There is probably an array of motives to explain such phenomenon but for me that happens for one particular reason ; the shot clock .
I absolutely love children and honestly they love me ; I think it is a sort of a gift , because not all the people love children and can get on well with them .
" If we loved again , I swear I 'd love you right " .
I prefer learning on a one - to - one basis , because it is more comfortable for me .
To begin with , it is important that the government develops a program which creates social awareness .
I search for any clue and I found something , it was a piece of paper with an address on it .
That was his entire dream , he was now scared to know if that was real or not .
Hey if it 's a kidding , stop it , it 's not funny .
For example , the purpose of both is to induce awe and , they both employ the concepts of distortion ( Bork 1 ) .
This is an interested question becaus I beleive that my family is my best friends but at the same time they are not my friends .
Moving to the ISS one of them lost his life and so only one of the crew remains alive fighting for the survival .
He emphasizes that free trade between powerful European nations makes a war between them almost impossible .
We try to steal minutes from every hour to find time to do all the things we want to do .
The only thing , that definitely should be changed in the future , is an approach to usage of cars powered by gasoline .
As far as accommodation is concern I 'd like bed and breakfast included in the price .
First point the professor addresses involves the reading 's assertion that creating two or three teams situated in different geographical locations will help reduce the work hours for each team and at the same time it will decrease the time frame of getting the project done .
She swam so fast , like a former fish , not a human being .
A house is made of walls and beams ; a home is built with love and dreams .
I 'm so happy to hear from you and pleased that you 're coming .
The lessons that scholars at that time were received , most of them were about his ideology .
Anyway , I did n't notice the skateboard which lay in front of my feet .
Sara tried to get rid of it but the white car was still there .
Injuries may happen for practicing it often if you do not know the way you step , or you do not take the necessary time to get the resistant that your body needs , for example .
Having explained it , I am completely sure that this outline of my ' house of future ' will astonish and marvel everyone who read my sublime project .
Inside there is an impressive number of handicrafts , graphics and paintings .
About work , since you are a native speaker of English language and you have and idea about teaching English as a second language , you can apply for teaching centers that offer jobs for native - speakers of English language .
The main point in this series is that every character has been absolutely developed , with its own characteristics and personalities .
Despite some details , I think you ca n't miss this film if you want to know the truth of the recent miracle called " the Chilean miners " .
For example , A lady travel on a bus and if she removes her coat everybody will look at her and probably tease her but in her car she can do what ever she want .
So a lot of them go abroad in order to find a good job in better conditions .
An another ( one could say the most ) important question about a capital city is : how clean is it ?
I remember that you are fascinat with Nature , and you could go to Guembe to eat a delicious typical food , you will see an amazing view and a lot kind of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
Hi bro , Whats up by there?.I'm going to recommend you to give up from sport , as I told you too many times , sport its bad for health , it makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like this , and the music is improving and stimulating your brain and intelligence .
Of course you can eat the typically Belgian dish mussels with French fries .
I have worked in many kitchens before , and I have gained a lot of experience there .
first we uses Internet to discover the world 's news , from Internet we can check and read world 's most famous newspaper such as new York times , the sun and also electronic newspaper .
Entertainments are a must , everyone should take time off from their busy or hectic schedule .
Some people do n't even care and just the do n't to earn money deforests the trees and sell to do furniture .
We would like to thank you for making us aware of the strong sound of the letter .
His answer astonished me ; he did not want to become a professional actor .
The fist day was a great shock to me as I realized I would be part of a group .
Many of us do not get enough time in the morning , to prepare our lunch for the office .
This show is particularly good as it represents how people from different ethnic backgrounds can engage with each other .
Cooking has always been one of my favourite hobbies , and for this reason , I also would like to help in the kitchen activities .
This report is intended to evaluate the Active Leisure Club and to give some suggestions to the Club 's new facilities .
I enjoy it because it 's well known and easy to find partners to play with .
This was n't some big , we still had four wheels and motor , but electronics in car stopped worked .
If you want to go to Vigo or other city which is near , the coach service is a good and not too expensive option .
They just ca n't stop watching television , because there 's just so much what they like to watch .
We do n't eat at home and it 's very common eating junk food every week .
Because we want a lot of money , a lot of things ... we are always working for giving more money , we do n't meet our neighbour for example .
The aim of this report is to present young people 's interests in my country .
When you travel in your own car you do n't have to wait a specific time and you can go somewhere but when you travel in public transport you must wait to the time when the public transport could catch you .
I read about TU - Clausthal and I decided to apply to it for many reasons .
I have a degree in English and I would like to learn how the Americans speak it in real live .
To begin with , nowadays more and more people prefer trevelling by car rather than by bus or train .
They trust in them , and are willing to fight for the freedom , fraternity and solidarity they proclaim .
Thus , keeping pets does enable people to be able to put themselves in others ' shoes .
That night I went to Oz with my friends till 2 in the morning .
It is undoubtedly true that in today 's modern world people commute to work mostly by their private vehicles .
She was around fifty years old and rather unattractive although smartly dressed .
At this point , no one knew that she did the interview and the interviewer told her that the job was hers .
I was dancing and singing all show , and after manager came to me and asked if I would like to work with them full time .
Various points of view are given concerning concepts of sexual intercourse , sodomy , lesbianism .
If you do n't think the same as me you can choose another present , I wo n't have any problem .
Such tasks made my family busy for an evening and anyway I always had a poor mark .
I still remember when I failed my last exam , although I passed it later .
If they were used as weapons , they should be broken up or divided into pieces .
My name is Elvira Vergara and I apply for the job in the summer camp of your advertisement .
What 's more there are countries around the world that lack teachers to go to remote areas to teach , that rely on television to teach .
In the busy streets , a student was walking fast , apparently unaware of all this .
The last film I saw was not new , in fact it was " The Others "
It went on ringing and with great fear I clicked on the green button .
Nearly every education will apply a placement in their education program , to get the skills and experience of their pupils to a higher level .
Do n't forget that the environment is very important for all of us .
There was no other option , he went to the garage and got into the car .
Jack grabbed it and put it in his mouth , he could taste heaven in his mouth .
The objective of the game is to score by kicking the ball into the opposing goal .
I have played a lot of other sports like Karate , Soccer , Tennis and indoor bandy .
Nothing is more difficult than changing one 's mindset given people 's inertia .
Oh , cool ! I haven't watched BH6 yet u.u
It seems to me that the following definitions show an overall context of what is cultural literacy .
However , I think the tools should be improved , such as killer 's knife and actors'costumes , the knife looks like as brittle as a handicraft , I believe those are seconded - handed clothing . I think this is a pity to this movie .
But before she went to the club , she was invited for one drink with lifesaver from the hotel 's pool .
In the summer time , Milan offers a variety of facilities and services , especially for young people .
After everything that had happened Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake
" Air " is one of the necessities to maintain a human being 's life .
You wrote that this sometimes made you stutter during tours , which made you feel rather uncertain .
As the secretary of the English Language club i am writing to propose that our club be given funding for the coming year .
Recent surveys proved that the study of these languages does not add much to the students future success .
Our budget is fixed for only 75 people , it is almost twice a number of participants last year .
Creators of adverts have long given up on informing the consumers and instead opted for seducing them .
When I left , some girls were out of the dressing room with a sheet and a pen in the hands and they asked me an autograph .
The door rang again and he opened again the door , his sister was with him and she was very scared but there was anybody in the door again .... and this time , the noise at the top of the stairs was higher and he understood all .
After some time friends came down and told Anna 's mother , that she is ready and she is going to come in a while .
For instance , when we move on the sea , we can see many types of animals , such as birds , turtles , and fishes .
The US citizen deemed the crisis as a menace for the liberalisation of society ; they assumed it as an actual barrier for the expression of people 's will . "
For that reason I beleive that being safe is absloutly better than sorry . I will always remember my dad telling me to calm down , saying that the life will go on and oneday all of us will be satsfied with this life .
There are necessary just two players and if you get tired and lose a match no one is going to be responsible but yourself .
Everyone is starting over with a new class , a new teacher , and some new friends .
But when it comes to travel , it 'll be more convenient if you have a car , because you will not like to go where everybody goes .
I am writing in regard to the advertisement published by you , to work in summer camps in the USA .
Tonight , she would be gone , he already signed the papers , his choice was made .
In those places I had the opportunity to communicate with other people from all over the world .
But still there are so many people who use public transport frequently but that is only their compulsion and poverty .
He could n't continue like that so he hacked one of the cabins of a woman that he loved .
When we complained to the course teacher , we were told that things do not depend on him .
To start with , you must decide , what kind of shopping do you prefer and how much money you have .
The situation with household litter looks much better rather than what happens on the streets of the city .
Firstly , zoo animals often suffer from stress and boredom when they are not in their natural habitat .
However , because of the increasing standard of living , a growing number of people have chosen to travel which has brought a heavy pressure of transportation .
I can give the advice to the people who are interested in the playing cricket they must know the all rules in the cricket before playing it .
We saw a lot of sights like the Big Ben , which is the biggest clock in the world and the London Eye .
People gathered around his house hearing him screaming out loud and within no time the fire force also arrived at the destination .
This enables him to get used to the traditional way of life of a monk .
As a long term investion I would choose " Sebus " model even its purchase price is very high .
This project is a Historic Research on the relation between Euro and Denmark , to discover and understand the changes made by Denmark Institutions and Government as to adequate their social , economic and political system in relation with the new European currency .
However , it must be remembered that they are here to serve us - not to replace us .
It also cools you down from all the heat left from the summer and into the fall .
If you are starting this sport , you should n't be afraid of the water .
But , just as hope almost disappeared , she had remembered the words of the old lady .
My name is Filipa and I am sure that I am the perfect person for this job .
First thing I 'd do if I want to make a donation is go on the internet , and search Google for rare diseases .
Reducing waste at source is always our top priority and education is of utmost importance in this regard .
He had never expected that he would receive a no from this kind of girl that is even far from his type .
After four months of hard work , they took the experiment with all the information to inspection .
We were taught how to solder two wires together and how to solder a wire to a vero board .
I knew that my car was on the site number one hundred and thirty five , buy the car was not there .
Using its respective light bulbs , household appliances and any other thing that saves energy is the only way that individuals can help but , it is not effective .
I 'm convinced he 'll speak his thought at once without beating around the bush and all his fear and doubt will slip out .
Lives of everybody were the same and just some of them thought that what they were doing in that moment would have consequences in the future .
It is worth seeing because there is the most famous brand which brews one of the most popular beer in Poland .
Nowadays , It is possible to find any kind of Tvs programmes you want and yes , I consider that there is very much sport on television , but , not too much .
I liked the way the page tells you your progress and marks your mistakes so you could fix them .
There is also a lot in contrast , most evident is the difference between the settings : Dickens prefers industrial cities while Emily prefers rural villages , and these choices reflect different topics , in fact Charles mostly deals with themes like exploited childhood , the miserable conditions of lower classes and the bad consequences of the industrialisation , instead Emily Bronte is more concerned about the theme of respectability , even if her female heroins do not reflect Victorian values such as chastity and prude .
So having good infrastructure helps a lot and constant peace and the people of Somalia will not suffer any more .
The winner 's reward was the ability to rule over Japan for a day .
My personal relationship with my co - teachers is the same as that of a typical Filipino family .
They pass through Mason 's bar and stop exactly next to the spot the boy died .
The directions took me along a path towards a cave and i went into it .
From my point of view it should rather be seen as a license to learn .
The guy who killed that boy really need to have a INCENTIVE to kill him .
Afterward , we went to do study at different schools , so , we were separated fro ten years .
At the University of Queensland I tutored several subjects , including Biochemistry for Nutrition students .
Finally I a master in the kitchen I really enjoy made desserts and I was in a course of cook the last summer in fact I have experience in the kitchen .
The dinner was delicious and we tasted lots of new flavours of Balinese food .
She discovered that she did n't have any problem with the cabin , it was Mark who hacked it .
A friend is a treasure , as the title of that adventure - comedy film , somebody you can share your problems with .
In your letter you wrote that you are missing some people and things , what and who do you miss ?
But on the other hand , l agree to some extent that travelling by my private car is much more convenient .
Using the changing method would improve the education system in many aspects especially for people with obstruction .
In my opinion everyone deserves to have a private life even if he is a public person .
And after that , it depends on the personality , status ( single , engaged or married ) , and even the ages of people , they will decide to learn in their own country or go abroad for getting english .
To maintain the only earth we live in is now the major issue for us nowadays .
I like photography too , although I haven't been doing that for a long time .
To sum up , the course was generally successful , as the positive feedback received suggests .
But when I started , I relaxed and felt like I was the only person in the theatre .
Thereby , new regulatory sources are created in response to the globalized legal context .
Discovery channel is posture - oriented model example to educate .
However I also think that it 's important to be concient with the environmental concernts , so some ideas like this could be good to reduce the rubbish .
Even though the price is $ 5 smaller for comedy club , it is without food and by the end of the night I do not think there would be much difference .
Even if cars outnumber users , public transport will continue to help and support us in a safe and a healthy living .
Lets talk about one of them , that is ' cleanliness ' Nowadays , we all know that we are spreading the garbage near our houses and offices .
Two years ago , Peter 's father died so Peter was the only one that knew where was the treehouse .
Given the learning experiences in the past two year 's school - based support , some sound teaching strategies have been developed and these include the provision of adequate language inputs , ELPS and Thinking Tools .
What I fancy the most of being with young children is the energy that they have and how innocent and peaceful the can be .
But maybe , the most important thing is the variety of products which can be found there : from cleaning products until a little furniture .
When I am in elementary school , I joined a speaking contest , but I failed , and I had broken - hearted .
Maybe they will be using atoms or hydrogen , since hydrogen is all around us and it 's very powerful .
It looks like a kind of addiction ... We need to use the technology on our behalf .
You can listen live music or a DJ on Friday evening , it 's really fun !
last week , I was on holiday with my family in your " New Holiday Village " .
While these situations are rare , they need an effective fast intervention to save kids ' lives .
In the poetical drama Masquerade by other famous Russian poet Mikhail Lermontov we clearly read Othello 's features .
The lecturer answers back , saying that different types of medicine have different impact on different species .
It would be completely pointless if we were judging people on the basis of job they have .
In answer to your question about the use of internet beyoung people of our age , I think it is very helpful to get information easier and quiker .
First of all , I would like to share with you my thoughts on travelling in Brazil .
Well I 'd like to talk to you about my experiences like English student for many years .
Ferrari making one of the fastes cars on the word , but this seson they are not so fast on the Formula 1 trac , how they were in the past .
Divergent approaches are used on routine basis for development of latent fingermarks .
But they taught me all the important values and good manners , and I 'm grateful to them for this .
Please do n't hesitate to contact me ! I 'm really looking forward to your reply .
It would be a great chance for your club to share my ideas to improve your facilities
I 'm interested in this job because at the moment I haven't got a job .
The exam is organized by Cambridge ESOL and it takes place twice a year .
The pricing for the disco is very reasonable because it offers the venue , entertainment and food for $ 25 .
To tell the true , shopping is so bored to men , particularly when they go to the store with women .
By plane you can give your luggage at the check - in or you can take the hand luggage with you . you can be always sure that you will find a place for your luggage .
Second , I will tell you how to deal with sexual harassment .
The article is devoted to the characteristic of the objective aspect of a crime , responsibility for which is provided by Art .
However , I would like to review another options such hiring a recent graduate from a renowned university .
I hope you can give me a chance to show how much I want this job .
My advice for people that is going to start football is that you just have to do your best .
In order to achieve cost efficiency , the choice of locations and decor must be thoroughly considered .
The idea of becoming the people protector face to the law , was n't his .
After briefing the call respondent about every detail that he had known about Rasheed .
When I first saw him I never imagined that I would love that stranger this way .
The solution is public transport again , which enhance the pace of life and make easy accsess by subways and special roads .
It 's necessary for you if you want to see the most famous place in Moscow .
The most important step is inspect the notes which are good quality sheets and which are bad sheets .
Thus , it is important to use public transport because it is much cheaper than private car , and everyone can consume .
Generally , bands played great , but of course there were also terrible singers in the competition - but it did n't matter so much .
We did n't have a lot of money but I went to a private elementary school .
The registers of the film said that they want to create a film without time , and they were able to create this .
It is very profound too , because it shows you problems that could happen but in a minor scale .
He saw on his mommy 's television that if he was the first person to try the waffle , he would get a bonus of a hundred bacon strips .
Progress and traditions are not opposites in a socie ty were respect and tolerance for others is the priority .
The time allocations you have suggested on the job advertisement also suit my schedule perfectly .
If not done , healing is not fully completed and the joint remains painful .
It also makes oxygen lacking but more and more carbon dioxide , the same result as CO2 .
It 's the story of Suleyman the Emperor and his wife , Hurrem .
At first I did not understand anything and I had decided that it was a mistake .
Therefore , it would be greatly appreciated if you can organize a home visit and provide further assisstance for this family .
I profoundly comprehend the theoretical ascertainment for this career , which is that international trade requires rational economic decisions with legally binding consequences .
I have a great deal of experience working mainly with people between the ages of 18 and 30 years old .
We found a way to help a lot of people to live happy life and enjoy what they have .
In the end a lady interrupted me and I was angry about the situation .
For instance , if you have to go another city by bus or train to your workplace , the time you waste since you set off increases .
The development of each nation and their relationship is the key point by observing and understanding the area of the Great Wall .
My favourite sport is badminton and I always get up early to play it every day . I like it becasue it is the best way to loss weight and get your health better than medicine .
The person was holding her wrist , preventing her from wiping any sweat on her face .
In Brazil , there is a huge lack of professionals on the field of information technology in both academic and work market , travelling abroad , especially in the U.S. , would qualify me in both areas .
On the other hand , the expansion of city increase pollution of all kinds of garbage . The air pollution is much more serious now , and watching the blue sky is almost impossible in some big cities .
With regard to the tutorials . I have put together my own exercise material , looked and discussed class tests and helped the pupils with their homework .
I think everybody who lives in Poland must go to Częstochowa .
In Viet Nam , many places are worth travelling such as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or especially Ninh Thuan .
I think it 's very silly when you go to the store and you have no money .
For instance network of taxi cabs with affordable prices could combine comfort of personal car and work - load of public transportation .
I have really enjoyed SAWAN 2015 , and I would definitely participate in it again .
Paxton goes to the house de Williams Agers y find the crown in the hill .
If you must come a long way , then you 'll probably opt for travelling by plane ...
This is the reason for the government decisions of education play an essential role . I have always thought that it should be reached for all .
Regarding my level of English , I speak fluent English and got an A on the Cambridge First Certificate Exam .
One of the reasons for the worsening of the health of young people is the increasing use of cars .
I am an English student where I have been studying for five years , and recently , I passed on the FCE which is a well recognised certificate .
However , I strongly recommend going to see this play because it has a great appeal to both adults and children .
In universities , sports and social activities should by no means take the place of a focus on academic study .
We flew from Orio Al Serio to Catania : to me was the first time I took an air , and it was amazing , but at the beginning I had a little bit of headache .
Concernig your working plans , I have an uncle who owns a farm , so I think we can arrange for you to work there .
We often hear than no obstacle is ever insurmountable , however , is it true ?
To start with , a simple way to work out is not to get the bus for school .
She explains that in the process of purefication , a big amount of coal and oil is burned , which pollutes factories rather than the environment .
Well , that 's all for now I hope to hear about you soon .
" What are you doing here " ask Alison he looks her but with a bad smile , and turn his head
It can explain too , why the use of garlic was a good option to prevent gangrene in WWI .
He travelled a lot , he knows Barcelona , London , Paris , Stockholm , Miami and so many places .
My plan is to have fun and provide fun with my work for children , I consider myself very patient and I do care for children , in that order of ideas , I would like to apply for the job and if it 's possible , join your next camp in summer .
To have more different experience , I have joined the " Dialogue in the dark " experiential exhibition .
Maybe you remember the famous Diagelev 's seasons which were popular in Europe in the beginning of the 20th century .
Thus , every day he had a chance to see where the letters came from .
For this reason , school of English are opening in all the big cities as well in most towns .
So , my advice is to travel by bicycle ( at least , use public transport ) because it is environmentally friendly !
I enjoy watching soap operas on TV and the best one for me is EastEnders .
So it 's nice to know other languages , but just those you will really need .
In my spare time I like to be with friends and I do also play soccer , dance and ski .
I would like to go next Friday , do you want to go with me ?
The sport is very importatnt of our body it has many benefits to emprove our selves and give us self confedant so we should practice any sport we love because it can change our mind to the better .
So she said to Michael that she would go shopping and she would return soon .
Public Transportation is convenient for some people and some people think is more convenient the car , finally we will need public transportation on the future .
When you practise martial arts , you learn how to protect yourself against any sudden attack .
This place is a hub where east and west meet , it has been one of the biggest and busiest port in the world .
Because I love talking to people and spending time with them and that job gave me that opportunity .
He ran over to his treehouse on the mountain , where he used to spend time himself or reading a book .
I hope to live in the future in a clean town and I 'm sure that the most of the people are now thinking in this way . We need to care of our town because nobody like to place into a dump .
When I first introduced you to it you were quite sceptical of your possible achievements .
Sophie accepted and they started a strong friendship that through the time became in more than just a friendship , they fall in love for each other .
Many experts have emphasized the market maturity and the number and variety of competitive choices among service providers .
Now Beijing is a large international city , it will inherit the elements of history and develop much better .
If I were you , I would start looking for a job with checking local advertisements on the Internet .
From 1980 's , it is developed as an international financial centre and so many global investors have set up their headquarters in there .
If they are good quality sheets or partially damaged , but still in good condition , they will be packaged and dispatched .
I love playing with kids but as always there are some rules that have to be followed .
Some people can be called shopaholics , as they ca n't live without new clothes and furniture .
I speak English and I really like to work with kids and this is my dream job .
Your parents always maintain and defend you , they are happy just to see you - their child , the result of their love .
For example , due to the wide spreading of " The Epic of Gilgamesh " , we all heard something relate to it , but do n't really know about details .
Today , I work as an economics professor at the Federal University of Goias , in Brazil .
School is finishing in two weeks and next summer he wants climbing in Scotland .
I am very interested in it because I would like to broaden my experience in activities with children .
They were talking about the problems of the public transport system and the results of new habits in this sector .
If you will ever have an opportunity to help by this kind of event , I recommend it to you from the bottom of my heart !
Efficient sweat expeller socks help one reduce the uncomfortability and keep one 's feet in a nice temperature .
In the test were accessed the answers and I was found out as a person that has high control appeal meaning that I have great leading skills and a need to organize and to moderate .
There is also a food court on the third floor , catering to all sorts of customers , as well as a few restaruants on the first and second floors .
For example , only 10% percent of the boys never do that and 24% go to nightspots at least one time a week .
He soon came to realise how disorganised public transport is in the South of Italy .
So , it would better to go for any other alternative of green technology for future purpose to make this world a better place .
If you play the basketball and enjoy the game , you just go to the basketball gym with a basketball , trying to throw the ball into the basket again and again .
My students have a lot of weaknesses in many aspects of life , but seeing them enduring was motivating me even more to give them good reasons to keep on keeping on .
The shot clock is a timer that dictates the amount of time during which one team can maintain possession of the ball .
Secondly , I have been working in a restaurant for more than five years .
Laura , Adriana and me ( María ) love being a little bit cheecky , in a good way .
It 's my belief that the free writing presentations helped me with my writing process .
Increasingly people prefer to use public transport rather than to drive a car for these reasons .
Personally , I consider curing cancer the most challenging goal for the next generation of researchers and inventors .
Therefore , he decided that he was going to meet new people for beginning a new life .
I think you are going to like them because you like that kind of movies and also they are worth the while and you are not going to regret it .
Therefore I feel more peaceful when I view something funny , adventurous and undemanding .
For this reason is important for them having a good educative programme on television .
I do n't want to look like a jerk , that 's not it .
Why children can not learn is because of their parents , not because of the pets .
To make high obstacle furniture , like R - angle wooden cabinet , high gloss cube .
Meanwhile , we support each other in crises , regular life troubles and sickness .
Has you told me that I will win some literary competitions and that some people will speak well of me , I would n't have believe you .
He also had the chance to know more about the diverse atmosphere characterizing each and every Brussels ' suburb .
In conclusion , my main problem is the concern about how safe is the means of transport that I take , so , the train let me to be more relaxed than other ways to travel .
Your job description sounds to be a good fit for my search since I am well experienced in serving guests and have a good knowledge of various kinds of foods .
We distribute jute bags annually with our community logo on it so that people can use them instead of plastic bags .
Since I enrolled in the faculty of mechanical engineering , I had a goal to complete my master study in Europe or America .
Because I never heard beautiful words like that about me , I accepted the invitation without thinking .
People living in Taiwan , no matter whether you are local people or not , you can use all of these facilities .
They wanted something that could be traditional and revolutional at the same time , something that could give a new vision of the reality and Kate started to bring some information about many artist .
Some good quality sheets will be packaged and distributed to the market but the bad sheets would be disposaled .
" Blue train " which has many beds in train and we can sleep comfortabully in train .
A river passes by the city and , occasionally , there were floods on the place .
Now , that I 'm on holidays , I watch more tv , especially some series like : Criminal Investigation or The Mentalist .
Secondly , advertisements should be clearer as it is very easy for someone to misunderstand them .
From first time I said about that to you I had a problem with my health but you answered : it not matter .
I was in the queue when I saw her wearing a stylish tight black dress .
Therefore , I try to find out more information about " The Epic of Gilgamesh " in order to understand it completely .
I lost my phone on 15th Jan 2017 at 5 pm in Dublin city centre .
When I opened it I found there my favourite chocolate with very cute ' Thank you ' letter .
When weekend coming I have a plan for special dinner which is like home made but do n't have time again .
I live with my parents in Lagartera and I am very happy as they help me .
I have a high level of spoken English , as I have been learning it since early chidlhood .
Every aspect of science will evolve , for example new medical discoveries will be made by doctors .
It is a part of their everyday life , they are used to be on public and they are used to say something about themselves on cameras , so all the people will know about their life .
In addition travelling by train saves a great deal of money as there is no parking fee .
She baked a cake for him because she wanted to thank him for the flowers she received yesterday .
In addition , it was produced the collective readings through the ecclesiastical method with the purpose of disseminating the knowledge embodied in the books to all social classes .
3 . ) Le Meridien is set in the city 's fashionable business hub .
The reasons for stress are more diverse perhaps because we have an exam period , family proplems or because we think in negative way , or we destroyed ourselves in long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfortable , and lots of reasons to stress ...
Finally , I 'm afraid my parents ca n't take me to your home on Friday evening , because it 's my grandfather 's birthday .
As more money is being invested in the infrastructure , people tend to use more bikes and public transport .
Nevertheless , English was just a suggestion and other languages like Spanish or Chinese could certainly be used as well .
But now , they told the whole world about it , some of them are now considered as heroes in Insrael for what they did during these hard times .
Nowadays my country have started to build a great number of hydroelectric , wind parks and we also starting to think on geothermal energy .
The two hours that you will spend watching the movie will become unique in your life .
For example all the members of the town council use bikes so they are a good example to all citizens .
If so , you will know all the benefits but also effort that it takes .
The days that we have to do sports if the weather is good we do it outside but if the weather is bad we have to do in the gym .
I 'm so happy with these holidays , I hope know good people and visit beautiful places .
There are even some smiles and laughs , which is very reassuring for someone who is alone abroad .
More and more gadgets are invented such as televisions , smartphones and so on .
Let 's start trekking as soon as possible , otherwise you will miss opportunity to see fabulous scenery .
You know how much I love watching movies , especially in small and cosy movie theatres .
For instance , I take care of my nephews once a month because nowadays my brother is often busy .
In my opinion public transport is the future , because its quality and comfort will improve and it 'll be easier to move and cheaper too .
Well , the person that I most admire in today 's world is my mother .
It is a veri quiet place , because of its location , in the middle of the forest , only a few people know how to get there .
And sometimes if there are many customers you have to wait for the chef to cook other 's food first . You can save time if you eat at home .
People do n't want to to contemplate Christ 's suffering , but they want to move directly to the cheerful part of Easter celebration , so to Easter Sunday .
Please can you tell me some websites where I can learn how to style , how to combine clothes and something like that ?
The treehouse was built by Peter 's father and it was their secret .
This essay discusses the advantages and disadvantages that we will find the next 50 years .
Finally , none will argue that the benefit of using cars over public transportation , but that does not excluded the public transportation .
Furthermore as technology changes more and more , there will be a greater demand of these skills in the future .
Even though we have a lot to be proud of we need to make a lot of things better .
The reason why I change my major is that I found that I have a big interest in Accounting than economics when I studied in the first year of university .
Nevertheless , having a car in a big city is quite expensive nowadays , not only because the petrol price is continuously raising but also you have to pay high taxes for the car .
Doubtlessly , such interactions with other people will help you to broaden your mind and learn new things .
At last , when you learn some grammar concepts are new to you , you need to practice .It'll help you remember it and how to use it .
But with Colton 's quotation , we can clearly see that it has happened since years .
The cane toads ' eggs and young cane toads can spread to other areas from the streams and rivers .
After a few drinks I told him that I 'm currenly looking for a job , nothing big , just a couple of hours during weekends to gather some money for my journey to Netherlands .
During the last century , our way of life has changed completely , even in villages .
Firstly , art is the expression of human creative skills and imagination , typically in a visual form .
Altogether they provide the nutrients to cover the needs of feeding of one person in one day .
I have to practise more , but I think I am qualified enough to do this activity .
I have a mortgage , a car , a degree , two children , a wife and lately I realized how I strive to make ends meet .
In a nutshell , Gala may have been very far , yet it my heart , it 's just within .
As a matter of fact when you get to know me better , I am very helpful .
If you want to swim evryday pushing yourself above your limits , you definitely need a strong psyche and a solid motivation .
Although the importation of such programmes has produced positive effects , such as the introduction of new perspectives on different aspects of life , it has also produced negative outcomes .
They have never met his grandparents because her mom had a fight long time with them even before they both where born , that it caused not to know more about each other .
As an independent learner , it is my sole responsibility to autonomic learning , which is a very important factor in future passing EAP1 successfully , as well as giving me an advantage in terms of coping with the challenges of future Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
This is unfair , because they do not do any harm to the environment nor to the society .
Personally , I think the best month to come to Italy is April as the weather is temperate .
Last year I was in London with my friends , Elena , Amélie and Ariana .
The internet allows you to search for information in massive online libraries for research and writing essays .
When you do a technique or defense against a technique , you control your body 's movement and coordinate them to work in the same time .
In my country trains are n't really fast and there could be problems during the trip but that 's for me makes it more interesting .
It 'll be impossible for people to live on other planets in 50 years ' time .
In conclusion , while there are advantages and disadvantages for both central authorities and teachers leading this task , I prefer the government to do so .
Through our customs , we celebrate our past and keep our cultural heritage alive .
For example , in the past the main transportations were ships , trains and trucks , so people had to wait long time for their parcels and letters .
5 . Relax not only the body but also the mind , so that the stress decreases considerably .
This type of process has been found in the three songs and it is very prolific .
I tried that new programme in the internet for English learners called Write and Improve from Cambridge English .
We the management of The Arch London Hotel received your mail and wishes to let you know that you should make known to us the position you desired to work in via return mail along with a scan copy of your signed contract of agreement to enable us make every necessary corrections .
On the other hand , by building more effective learning system which will provided by local authority , students will encouraged them learn more efficient .
For example , people always walk on the right of the road in China .However , Australian 's rule specify citizen drive on the left of the road .
The sports centre in Ondara have visitors of several village and from all age groups .
I think that public transport is the future because many countries will have to allow the entrance in their towns to private cars for stop the CO2 emissions to the atmosphere in order to protect the planet and the health of their citizens .
As a grown - up now , I know full well how more affordable public transport is albeit less than before .
For the last I can say that they not also put containers for all your rubbish , but even special containers in the parks for the the dogs their ' pooh ' .
I 'm from Ecuador a country surrounded by a great number of natural resources .
I must say that , as a runner , I do not regret it at any time .
I have gained a better understanding of the role credit risk plays in the full picture of banking operations .
I do n't know how study English and for this reason is very difficult for me .
there was no other option for me i just want her . during the exam time , i was thinking whole time how to communicate with her .
Therefore , what we need to consider is whether our personality and personal skills are born or made .
All I 'll have to do is just point out what the main points are that he is too dull to see .
In conclusion , I think that we ca n't be safe anywhere anymore - not even online .
One of them can be that people who do not understand this language will try to ask you all the time to help them .
In recent years , many regions of the world have faced an issue about water scarcity that may affect their development , especially for those countries undergoing poverty .
The main problem of having these two perspectives on talent is that both of them are basically negative .
Many times because of huge traffic congestion on road we waste our time . while using public transport like Metro save our times .
The major thing I imagine will be found in the next 50 years is magic .
I encourage everyone to try it , I am sure you will become a better person .
After almost 2 years working in complex litigation , I had acquired the maturity to pursue an international career to work within and cross - border contracts .
Moreover , they know how to interact with us . They can make you happy , cheer up your mind and always support you when you are in trouble .
To improve your skills you can practise alone and you will became better than before .
I am writing in order to apply for the position in your Film Club for students of English .
The band is not so well known here and the ticket sale hasn't started yet .
Most of all I like Brenda , because she is a smart , beautiful person .
I think and hope that maybe in 50 years scientists will find a cure for many disease and that would change our life because we could live for more time .
After Michael was opened the door from the classroom , I was saw in his eyes something strange .
On the one hand there would be a great loss of cultures and in some cases the implementation of the educational system might be impossible , for instance the aboriginal people .
Counting 33 stories in the main building it could be the biggest resort in Bangkok
It is called the ' Egyptian Cuisine ' and its name actually represents what it has to offer .
Today there are many children that have the dipendence on television , they prefer to stay at home to watch the various child tv programs , while once our parents preferred hang out with your friends .
In addition , those who live on below average incomes do not have money to buy car .
and due to lack of knowledge of the language , nobody wo nt tell us which way to walk to the stadium .
But friends maybe in the future go away or hurt you!So you ca n't always based on them!For example , they need you until they find someone better than you and in the end they go away .
Most of the furnishings will be a machine and domestic activities will be done for us .
The streets were calmed and the lights were pleasant . Travelling at night was a pleasure in this town .
The Garbage control service is one of the main supporting subsidiaries of the urban council which was founded two years ago .
Public transport is also useful for some children that need to go to school but they do n't live close to one .
I am more than happy that I am healthy and my family members are healthy as well , because health is the rarest thing in the world .
Once the button is pushed the car finds the driver and literally picks him up .
All these points led to me playing basketball for almost thirty years now and I 'm still hooked by it .
Also , every year , there are more companies that produce different types of pollution in our planet .
Thus , it will be more smooth and pleasant for passengers to travel on the road .
So TV , which could be an invaluable source of information and entertainment , actually is becoming a big issue to the development of our society and new generations in particular .
He recommended the Bamboo Charcoal as the theme is chocolate which was perfect for me !
It is a time when children must choose , which people are good or bad , which way they will go to difficult situation for example they will be drink alcohol or they will have fun without any suplements .
To sum up , It is hard to simply claim , that famous people deserve have a private life and being left alone by paparazzi or not .
Basically , I like to travel by train for enjoying the view along the railway track .
However , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
You are my best friend since 1984 , When I was born near to your house .
If everyone travelled by bus , cities would be a quite different the ones we know now .
My sister claimed that in her trip , she had seen completely astounded buildings , but while she was talking , we heard a very loud scream .
Firstly , many people think public transport has not future because travelling by car is faster and more independent .
Tens of thousands hit the streets in Russia in order to defend the democracy .
The owners cook all types of cuisine and we can go there after the lesson .
I would like to work in this job because I think that I could do very well and I could amuse the children .
Inhabits can go to countryside to have a pacnic or excursion with their friends or families to relax .
It is serious enough for the older ones and it has a romantic side for the younger ones .
If you like complicated stories about dreams and how to make them true , this story is definitely for you .
My life has been on a boring plateau for a while now and I was looking for a change as well as more personal burgeon .
As only a gentleman would do , he apologised and introduced himself to the Princess :
The proliferation of these crimes undoubtedly has a negative effect on the city 's life .
Saying that , could you tell me about next week 's work ?
In the case of politicians , I do n't mind what they do in their holdidays , for example , if they work properly when they have to .
I like sushi because the combination with fish , rice and soya makes it delicious .
When we arrived in Catania the bus driver bring us in a café to have breakfast .
This model tells us that the culture is determined by actual behavior of individual or groups of employees .
Russian President Boris Yeltsin proposed a radical restructuring of the Soviet Union that would minimize the role of Mikhail Gorbachev and reduce the USSR to a loose confederation of nine republics . "
If you travelled by bus or train , probably you would spend more time walking along the streets to your final destination .
Initially , bank note should be considered the design such as background colour , artwork , and security issues.then,the preparation of metal plates is next stage.bank note should be skilled and machinists.thereafter,this stage is printing .worker should pay attention to colour on both sides , special ink , and images slightly raised .
Last spring , I developed and taught a course on the history of print culture in America .
" I can't ... do it " he slammed his head on the desk .
The overall purpose of these actions is to keep young adults in school and to educate them .
When I knew I would be assigned at Gala National High School , I said it 's the worst thing that ever happened to my career .
They would also enjoy our museums and galleries which can bring them closer to our history and traditions .
This situation was impossible because his father had dead and in this moment he ran and he opened the door and his father said you must be here because I must speak with you more time and explain because I can speak with you but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Children and elders ca n't have a driving license , so if they need to go somewhere , using public transport is their only option .
We will take great pleasure in helping the students to get around and feel at home in their accommodation .
last summer i worked at cinema.i think it is a very good job because you can see any films you like for free .
My name is Anna , i one of many new students at Ton Duv Thang university .
That is a pitiless trial for celebrities bit through thick and thin they go on .They archieve the goals made exceptionally in sake of money and vanity .
One surprising outcome from the survey was that students do not feel comfortable enough in the residential building .
For these reasons , it can not be doubted if people think a car is more comfortable to be used rather than public transportation .
I think I would be a suitable person for the job because I have a good level of English .
Reusing things that we do n't utilize ( like clothes , furniture … ) and give them a ' second life ' .
The fun in this game is we need to drop the shuttlecock on the other side of the court and wait 's until the opponent responses to it .
They spoke about their films from a point of view that will discover you a new wonderful way of interpret the meaning of the iconic messages that they 've introduce into their movies .
For those who feel brave , there is also a wall where you can climb with all equipment .
However , when we sit in silence , I love to stare at him , reading his face .
I like cars , and I like high speed that is why I love a Formula 1 races .
I always feel happy that God has granted me a good number of family members who always care of me .
So with the these three arguments all going in the same direction to explain my opinion at this question , I think it has not to be explained any further now .
The interviewer who is sitting infront of him was a person with blue eyes that he really loves .
It is generally believed that the invention of car leads to the dispersion of the population out of urban centers , to the growth of the suburbs .
First , people do n't want to waste their time finding parking lots .
I 'm not sure if this is true or wrong , because simply I 'm not here to judge or comment on the authenticity of the statement , but rather , I 'm here to make my path through writing .
However , nowadays even in the rich Western Europe , many highly qualified European graduates struggle to find an employment .
I think , driving can be dangerous because people must respect speed limits , and not every time that it is .
while designing fun activities , the camp workers have to take in concerns the safety level for these activities , the possible harm and the protection and treatment supplies that might be needed .
My stay is going to conclude with a trip I 've always dreamed : the Cornwall .
If we focus on the teaching of English as a foreign language , we possibly could see this more clearly .
It ca n't be compared to anything else if it comes to all emotions and feelings which are connected with playing tennis .
I think this experience is the challenge that I need in order to become more mature and responsible .
I strongly believe that it is a shame because a lot of people like me would live their vehicles at home and take a train instead .
But in contrast , there is the problem of when they should stop , and journalists continue selling information or pictures and it could arrive an embarrassing moment and if you have sold a kind of things like this before you ca n't say nothing .
They entered the building with the aid of the ID and made use of the code to enter the interiors of the building .
If it is necessary I would be willing to come for an interview at any time .
Those who losing contact for a long time can exchange current information and keep in touch again .
If you prefer to do other things instead of this , please just tell me !
However , the safekeeping of these practices should never become a priority over the wellbeing of the collective .
Ten minutes later , he felt bored and wanted to play some video games , but he had lots of homework to be done .
So we can started from beginning : firstly , was breakfast which included some cereals with hot milk .
There are different dangers of a military nature such as terrorist attacks , wars and other armed conflicts .
Finally , they found an old destroyed palace and they decided to build there their own " fish 's shopping centre " .
First of all , let me tell you there has been a great change in people 's minds .
One of the things that I enjoy the most is that you dance in a group therefore you meet people and you can make a friendship after a while .
There are two separate communication networks in the city , that of the waterways and that of the narrow streets .
What I think it 's stupid is that most people use to hide their faces from behind the screen and no one wants to appreciate a sunny day anymore !
From this point of view , I do n't think public transport has no future .
But to learn new cultures we must know their languages , especially if we want to travel .
In my opinion , parents are the same and they can be great teachers for their children .
He was not stupid but you could not expect any perls of wisdom from him .
Also I am thinking of studying with you for 2months but we can talk more about this later .
The charts below give the information about the most importent reasons for study among students of differents age groups also the amount of support they received from employers .
Learning a new language gives you a chance to see the many things that are around you in a different aspect .
Another option is the possibility of having solar panels on the roofs of some buildings in Madrid .
After the last song my dad took us to the Bono 's room .
In my opinion , traveling to a foreign country makes people open their minds to other cultures .
At any case , in my opinion it is a great film which many people would enjoy if they see it .
at last I wanna talk about my cousins , I love the most of them especially the cousin in the same age , they are my friends , i love too much , and also the rest of my family
Thus , many of these laws would not have played a big role in their lives .
When I went there the last , it was in my birthday and I went there with my family .
when I saw your advertisement I instantly thought that I would like to work in one of your summer camps .
For these kinds of people it is important not to bring out family scenes and problems , as they do n't want to be disputed in public .
essential in the life of people , but sow will be factors that humans will not be able to modify and it is better to continue as they are .
In ancient times every child loved to play games outside their homes and they were more stronger than children in today 's world .
Because it 's the most common sport all over the world as well as I 'm good at football , so I play football with my friends every weekend always play on Tuesday evening .
I usually go two days a veek but the henxt month I am going to go three or four days a week because I hope to be a local competition .
Your only job here is to teach me the subject you 're supposed to teach .
The main advantage of working at the local cinema was the free popcorn and getting to enjoy the newest films .
Several contents could have an educative value , for example those concerning our relationships with others , or our relationship with nature and with different cultures and religions .
Not everyone is living for the kind of success which most people agree with , such as wealthy , fame or power .
- Physiotherapy is not only about exercises , some physiotherapy techniques can decrease your pain and suffering .
I am very sad to hear you say that you are going to leave our school soon , I do n't really want you to leave this school !
Transport has become faster and more convenient , and it can be attributed to lot of factors such as better roads , new technologies and innovations etc .
He fed on the frozen lasagna his mom had sent him a few days earlier .
I am also experienced with children , having looked after my sister 's daughters aged 9 , 11 and 14 for years now .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that its cheaper and better for the environment , about me I think that cars is easier and affordable way to transport between places , because cars is here any time and so near to your home instead of public transportation which you should take a walk to reach it in most countries , and also cars available all the time , you can go at 4 am and no one say anything , because its yours , but most public transportation is available only for the day hours and few hours at night , in emergency situation for example , what you will do , if you do not have your own car , your kid is sick , or you wife or your old parents , and in general the more we depend on ourselves the more our government able to help the poverty and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community , we merely ask the government to improve streets and the traffic light systems , and more oil stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move easy and safe and in a short time .
With football you can move all the muscles in your body and also exercise your mind thinking about what is the best pass or when you have to run or stop .
Thank you for taking the time to consider this application and I look forward to hearing from you in the future .
When he was younger , he worked to the government but he had to quit because of the corruption .
From a financial perspective , public transportation must be a clear and viable benefit to consumers .
After all this courses that I 've done I am wise and do n't talk a lot .
Naturally , I returned the blender to you to be replaced with a new one .
First , Basketball is team sport when it means i need to understand expression of members of team and keep contact them for example my roll is cutter but i need to do assister , blocker and guarding when i play .
Take Thomas Alva Edison , the inventor of the light bulb , for example .
Moreover , farming is one of the most crucial impacts of weather - related natural disasters , and it has caused an important number of casualties for both mankind as well as animals .
It could also be potentially your last chance to spend so much time with your high school friends .
Recently Scotland really has ' Hit the world ' for some of the Scotch have tried their best for the Scotland referendum .
The aim of this report is to describe and assess shops , which could be interesting for tourists .
There are lot of recycling points of plastic , paper , used oil , glass and batteries .
Secondly , it 's so addictive , because the body need more and more , so if you consumed cocaine , you would leave because you 'll an addict .
She is from Almazora , a little town near to Castellón .
He uses indirect word , e.g. He does n't just say love potion .
Obviously because in every story , book or movie , despite heroes are weaker than bad characters , they always win !
I DON'T RECOMMEND YOU GETTING A TAXI BECAUSE IT 'S TOO EXPENSIVE .
There are widely differing views on the issue of whether or not the benefits of study foreign language in earlier age outweigh the drawbacks .
Our authority now follow the scientific method for rubbish control ; recycle , reuse , galvanization .
The best idea is still , obviously , valorizing the use of bicycles .
As technology enhanced the life system in any way possible , people become more dependent and ca n't avoid it beacuse of many different attractions that these cars have .
Learning new languages is becoming a priority for young people because most of them go to study abroad and work with foreign countries .
In my imagination , the future would be more messy and crowded with less species of creature but more of us , the human beings .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her , because it was her 18th birthday .
This essay will discuss that there is considerable evidence for the possible detrimental influence on public health due to the increasing use of self - prescribed herbal medicines and that a health crisis is likely if no action is taken by health organisations .
3- It 's not hard sport , in all cases I will not be tired after walking .
They both smiled at each other , and Tom went over to her to say hello .
I was lying on the couch with a mystery novel in my hands!. It had all been just a nightmare!.
Now the question uder discussion is whether public transport has future as travelling by car is gaining more and more popularity because of its advantages .
As I said before every moment in your life is different as your friends probably are too .
Nowadays , our environment is really affected by the great deal of progress that technology has made in the last century .
Another difference between face - to - face learning and online learning may be that face - to - face learning allows students to develop human - relationships , whereas online learning is quite impossible on this to happen .
Thus , it is absolutely possible wish of average person , who spends most of the time in downtown , to replace a car for a bus or an underground .
The park was sealed by a green tape which said " danger zone keep away " .
- I 'm late for my piano lesson ! I really have to go , see you later - John replied panting .
For example , those recycled water can be utilized to water plants in a garden , but if they are clear enough , residents only need to heat them to wash dishes or even drink .
I found three people skating , and again , a new kind of skates , and new methods .
After a long flight , it reaches the orbit that is very long way far out of the solar system .
It is situated in the very centre of our city and offers a wide variety of dishes and drinks .
The diagrams below show how bank notes are made through four steps and how bad shees and notes are disposed .
They argue that a large number of people prefers travelling in private transport , because it is more comfortable and convenient .
In my view , getting to know a city is quite similar to getting to know people .
From my point of view older parents can give better advice in every difficult situation .
As a main dish you can choose anything from pasta to pizza of all kinds ( even chocolate ) .
The underground it 's in the airport and it 's very easy to reach because you just have to follow the signs .
One of his most famous speeches was " I have a dream " , where he discrives the equality of the society beetwing waith and black people , where all people can live together .
Its a great funny movie especially for someone like me who enjoys going to the gym and lifting some weights .
Negative impacts such as the human dependence on robots for doing basic activities and pollution of environment can be cited .
From few years , people use different types of transport . We ride by bus or by car .
In Milan the association Runners from Mars welcomes thousands of runners who compete for charity .
It was the day of her birthday , so she decided to go out with friends .
For the same reason government needs to control the situation , by using banning strategy if people smoke in one of forbidden ares , like kindergartens , schools , hospitals , etc .
This is to apply for the position advertised concerning the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
These rules can influence behaviour in a positive way , because they prevent you from doing stupid things .
It has wizards , witches , knights , thieves , goblins , but it make you think too .
Of course , some people may be moved to disagree with my position on this issue .
Of course , some people may be moved to disagree with my position on this issue .
We were very happy because of seeing the turtle and hope to come back to Bali to see it again .
Swimming is my favorite sport , I usually swim 2 or 3 time a week , swimming is a good sport especially in summer .
Compared to driving a car , it only cost us about 20 N.T. dollars or at most 50 dollars for one single travel .
The city is dwell with people , cars , bikes and factories , which turned out to be one of the polluted city in India .
Peter was already there and he immediately told Michael about a trip to Italy that he had planned for them .
It is easy , fast and , we can almost park it right outside our destination or at walking distance -shorter rather than longer .
People are becoming more and more aware of the importance of environmental protection and want to contribute to saving our Earth .
As a result , even thought he kept expressing his apologist to Amber , she still decided to call the police .
Two years later we moved back , but I continued speaking in both Dutch and English to my parents .
At the evening , my classmate phoned me and said , " There is an exciting film on TV now ! "
In my opinion , the exchange of thoughts and views between all these brilliant people is exactly where a totally new and creative idea will spark .
I 'm not saying that just because of the easy way by you can study what you want .
The events are really intense and they just keep getting more and more intense by the minute .
Firstly , Django Unchained remembered us the hard life suffered by black people in the past , due to a great introduction without dialogues , where black people were unchained while they came back to be selling to an owner farm , it being matching with an amanzing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's films .
I would advise you to the person starting the sport endeavor and can fulfill their dream , many ca n't get what they accomplished those players today are very famous
It 's important to understand that you are responsible for your surroundings and people around you .
Now , we do n't have any secrets between us and we always know when we need each other .
It 's the best , the most beautiful and the most comfortable resort in the South .
First , people who have a good sense of humor can make others to laugh .
Thus , the question is , travelling by car is so much more convenient for whom ?
Now I decided to improve my writing skills because once it became improved I would be very happy and I think that my ideas ' expression will be good .
On the other hand , I think serving within this area is the best opportunity for trying new abilities .
We find a very cosy and traditional houses , the market was very populary , with a lot of people walking around , and the people were very nice to us .
On the one hand , I am going to sound like my grandfather telling his war tales .
Everyone know that shopping is a good way to spend time and get positive emotions or just relax .
Aswell as you know in our country there 's trash being thrown everywhere and most of the things that are thrown are recyclabe .
we bocome not only older but also wiser .we learn but the most useful thing to learn is to get in alot of experiences & for sure to make mistakes .but we have to be honest with our selves by admitting our mistakes to avoid them in the future .
There are six main characters Ross , Monica , Rachel , Chandler , Phoebe and Joey .
Do n't waste your time , spend it in a fruitful way .
In addition , there is a small blackboard for my littel brother because my mother wants my prother learn Arabic and English letters .
At an other day I go jogging with my best friend , so we talk a lot and have fun while we do sport .
It demonstrates all the steps from searching the hotel , choosing selection criteria and comparing the price to different hotels .
I would like to know as soon as possible whether you are hiring me since I have to look for a cheap and good qualified air company which I can afford .
He managed to get the money and take the car from his dad and went to pick up Peter .
Finally , to conclude my letter I just want to say : Please choose me !
While person is watching this kind of movie he / she is just relaxing and has a good time .
An example of an intervention in airway management is the ventilation mask that Mr. Sharma was using .
Because i think family and friends are my spirit medicine , they can give me lots of energy .
Since your dad has recycling factory I taught that he would be pleased getting the bottles and the other recyclable material as well .
Over the past five years , I have taught a variety English courses .
He realized that he had forgotten to finish his homework ; therefore , he ran back home quickly , and start finishing his homework .
The air was polluted by smog due to the huge number of cars .
1- It 's very common I can do it anywhere and anytime I want .
Lots of people really enjoy the moment when taking public transportation because they are more convenient , cost less and more eco - friendly .
There is no definition of happiness in scientism or how could it get through the scientific user manual .
To sum up , I think that taking a year off is an important decision you should give it a thought before you finally decide .
Finally , Tom could hear Matthew shouting from the other side of the field .
At the beginning of the 7th century , Cáceres was conqueted by the Arabs .
For example , people start to talk with me when they notice I make efforts to speak in their language .
In Spain many people will travel in their car or by car with their colleague or friends , this transport is quick , but it is much more expensive .
Best of luck with your dilemma and do n't forget to write and tell me the outcome !
But one them had dead a little while ago and he was who protected the crown .
But , for the beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience and persistence , and practising with company because running may be bored , tired , dangerous , even , but if you get a strong spirit and will power , you 'll see how you can reduce your physical and mental weaknesses .
When the sheet is partly damaged , it will also be cut into banknotes .
The tables and the chairs are very beautiful because they are as in the American films but they are very inconfortable .
In addition , I can be confident because teachers require everybody in class have to stand in front of class and speak English .
Technology and , mostly , mobile phones are part of children and parents lives , so schools do n't have to ban it , but look for alternatives in order that they do n't make a negative effect in education .
After all , there are many people who ca n't afford a car .
I was so happy when I heard that they are coming to Katowice !
For instance we can use cars radio to listen to some relaxing music , or listen to news while making our way to the place we want to go .
However , it is possible that along new inventions and research there might be more harmful viruses also .
Nowadays , students have a lot of various form of education . They may not only learn in school but also through the Internet .
It 's breaking my heart to hear that you 're in so terrible situation .
The evolution of my city is more or less similar to the evolution of my country .
In spite of wars and the destruction of time , Temple of Literature is still preserved in good shape until now .
I 'd like to present my application because I think I 'm the right person that you are looking for the job described in your advertisement .
Bulgarian parents can choose when their children start school- at 6 or 7 years old .
I like food , especially Italian food , It is my favorite food to eat .
Max for some reason stroked him and the lion smiled .
As it 's a mind set game , the player need to focus on the weaknesses and act accordingly .
I am writing to recommend a place you should definitely visit while you 're in Poland .
Moreover , she has been to a camp in Australia in which she was a coordinator of a group of twenty kids .
He walked and walked thinking what could it be , until after a long time walking he realised he did not know where he was .
The principal character is Grace that is the mother of her two children Nicholas and Anne .
To sum up , I have to say there are too many people in my life , but few person so kind like I just mentioned .
Firstly , it is such a good news to know that you are getting used to your new life .
Because if everyone uses his / her car pollution will increase and that will eventually affect every living being .
I went to Krakow and spent all day " planning " their stay in Poland .
There are around ten tennis courts , one swimming pool , two football pitches and three gyms .
The problem is that there are lots of stray dogs in the streets and they disturb people .
If I have free time I go to the nearest skating - rink with my friends and we have much pleasure , skating together .
If everybody go with their own car , their have to park and maybe the place is full .
The only thing they need is to have a ball and a piece of land .
There are less people who use the public transport in the city because they prefer travelling by car rather than in public transport .
In this course design we have also chosen activities that we consider suitable to be taught about in English .
I 'm looking for a well - paid job because I know that houses are expensive in the city centre .
I hope to except my offer as soon as possible , and I hope to see you with our staff as well .
Even though I do n't like places like that , I rather enjoyed this trip a lot .
These skates are light , smooth , and perfect for freestyle slalom skating .
In early days , public transport system was n't very efficient , as it was in its beginning .
I helped catering the staff and during the concert I was free to walk around wherever I wanted because they gave me a security badge .
After that , having said I can clearly write down my opinion about this question .
Michael is a good boy and he always listen to his mother .on time Michael was very angry as he got a bad score in his test .when he was home his mother was cooking she asked him what is the wrong ?
In biathlon sportsmen need to run some races , which a very different , some of that are long , some are short .
This is the case of the " free choice " song , Taylor Swift .
I think , nature'll get the most important benefits if everybody takes care about own space in the best way .
It 's a small town and there are not too many options of travelling by public transport .
My favorite sport is badminton , which I have played for seven years and touched this sport when I was in junior high .
I strongly recommend that the programme organisers should make interest free loans , available to people wishing to participate in an exchange .
He can remember his name , Thomas , but that 's all he can remember : everything importanthas been wiped clean .
You can start walking as you like , despite that , you should wear comfortable clothes and shoes .
The town has approximately 15 villages and all of them are governed by the urban council .
Usually , I do n't have much time to spend on myself since I am always occupied with something .
It 's very hard to organise a big city 's rubbish delivery system and to keep the city clean .
On the other hand , searching for your favourite brands , non - seasonal products , some special goods , just looking through shelves , trying the garmets on you , asking for consultations , testing products , there is plenty of work to do to make a perfect purchase .
She opened her sleepy eyes , smiled gently and got up from her bed idly .
The last , but not least reason against enjoyable shopping is that I have to travel a lot to a store in which I can buy everything I want .
The movie is about a doll called Annabelle which was closed in a museum from Conecticut where she is visited by a preist who blesses her twice a month .
Besides issues that have been already mentioned there is also undisputed fact that if our school had a rich computerized library , it would be more representative .
The purpose of this literature review is to provide the clear picture about motivation and business strategy of entrepreneurs in their start - ups .
The point is that we have to make the world better not just sometimes , but forever .
In my opinion , being included in the fresh TV news is a huge contribution , great opportunity to introduce yourself in the way you like it .
Finally , you be able to hear and feel the nature and peace that you can find in this paradise .
Although I have a good relationship with my parents , I could n't think them like friends .
So , I will have time to also learn more about British culture and history .
If you want to try , you can ask in some hotel : you are a native English speaker and you can welcome hosts at the reception .
In addition , many cameramen and painters come to record the beautiful landscape of Mt .
Suh et al . ( 2010 ) described an experiment that aimed to test differences of time on operating robots to do tasks .
There are some soccer stars like Messi , Neymar , Ronaldo ...... Soccer can make you healthier .
Hence , studying and working side by side helps candidates to grow professionally .
For me , my family members are not my best friends although I wish they are .
Many people are of the opinion that domestic movies and TV programs are better than foreign ones .
He just realized how to solve one of the biggest physical challenges mankind has been interested in for ages .
As well as that , the lifestyle of our society is pushing us to be more passive .
I liked this film because of many things , but most of all I liked the costumes .
Nowadays we ca n't predict the aim of future devices though I guess that they will be mainly related to eradicating current illnesses .
Moreover , cities ' authorities encourage development of public transport because it creates employment , lessens impact on the environment and contributes to road safity .
It 's about the story of a little boy that is haunted by a big secret , he is visited by ghosts .
Furthermore , Spanish schools should pay more attention to this matter and teach children how to develop a healthy lifestyle .
It was a strange atmosphere in the house and a chill went down her spine .
I 'm very happy to hear from you since both have been quite busy these days with the exams .
We did n't understand a thing because the car keys were just in front of us .
The worst thing about the school is that not everyone can be accepted to study there .
I love children , I have already worked with them , it was a wonderful experience .
Besides that , the lake of food and clean water are responsible for many diseases , which are responsible for a large number of deaths , because there are n't enough sources to cure the populations .
In conclusion , we can see that sales went up every time except the third quarter that it were unchanged .
You can follow to your favourite celebrities and have a direct interaction but this also has negative consequences such as some followers critise to them
Cooking for my family is one of my hobbies , and I am therefore fond of finding different kinds of food .
My favorite subjects are English and music , mostly because I love to sing and play guitar .
I enjoy playing football because the feeling you get when you are on the field is priceless .
But insurance is also necessity and invetable for peace of mind .It gives us surety to live life securely .
As you know , in this country if you are someone who speaks more than 1 language , you have the chances to obtain a great job .
It is hard to believe my eyes that I could see the avidity under their eyes , as if they could n't wait to see me dead , they ca n't become brilliant so long as I am alive .
We became friends when we were 8 years old and we visited each other all the time .
Although it has some benefits , in most part of the country , especially in the smallest towns the public transport is not enough developed .
She tied the boat with long and very strong textiles made out of synthetic fibers that she found on the plane ; she also used nails to join some new and more resistant wood into the boat .
Every lost game gives me more motivation to practice harder and every won games makes me proude and smile for all the hard work that I have done in the last few mounth .
This TV serial is mainly based on working class people and represents various ethnic minority communities including African and Asian Muslims .
After a month I did n't know when I will receive my telephone .
Travelling by using any transport has become in one of our needs , in the past people used to take hours waiting for the public transport , now , we can afford any of those modern car at the agency .
As I said before , I 'm really good with little kids , I 've been a teacher once at a summer school .
We are witnessing a great development of the work from home these days , which will also lead to fewer people using public transport .
Any urgent book requests are to be raised directly with your Head of Center .
These acts often turn out to be tragic having a long post traumatic effect on the young person or even loss of life .
If the wedding is in the morning women wear short dress on the contrary if the wedding is in the afternoon , women wear long dress .
What made it a success was the menu and the wide variety of Japanese food .
Jogging or going out for a walk helped me to boost energy levels and to clear my mind .
Cooking classes would be helpful to teach teens to cook , to enjoy healthier food and maybe to discover a passion .
For example , If she is sitting on a bus , she could n't feed her child because people sit in the nearby seats they may gaze at her .
The leader of the business must also have a way to handle the active and innovative work to save time and money .
ESSAY : Young people in Spain are not as healthy as they should be
That 's why I consider that societal issues are the most dangerous .
It was a pity for Peter to leave Bath , but he had to come back at its country .
I wo n't be afraid of any sort of jobs , I am ready for an adventure !
Before the production , they should think about the cover , including background color , artwork and codes which make it different from the illegal ones , then put them into the printing machines to create them .
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Furthermore , I do not worry about the theft or any crime which used to happen when I traveled by train .
All in all , I suggest encouraging students to find a job abroad during the summer .
You may thought that I met them or I got an autograph but I must disappoint you .
The idea of banned cars from the centre of all major cities have advantages and disadvantages .
You can use it whenever you want , and it 's not necessary make a long queues at metro or bus stations .
Even so , change can be perceived as a disturbing question due to the fact that it provokes a strong feeling of uncertainty .
Do n't forget to recognise the most activities and tasks for you .
In comparison with Li Ren edition , the three children 's editions have something dissimilarity in plot , title , topic , character , language and so on .
The renewable and new energy is clean and so cheap , we can use the sun rays to generate electricity for houses and cars .
I think so I am the suitable candidate for this job , because I like the children and I have experience babaysitting also I work very well making the food .
Playing in the sand burying people one another or making sandcastles might be a great way to spend a day outdoors .
Furthermore , it is also possible that in a future people will be a subject responses , posts and chat rooms , in which awareness of wrong vocabulary , poor routines and compulsive use .
Maybe one day I will experience the glory that awaits at high places those who walk through the narrow paths of life .
The most recent thriller I 've seen is " The Miserables " .
There is an interesting observatory too and what 's more the best restaurant I have ever been in .
Moreover , on television there are a lot of advertising constantly interrupting the broadcast , and of course this fact is very unpleasant .
By this action , beetroot juice may effectively protect the cardiovascular system during exercising .
Similarly , Pat and Tiffany were also going through hard times when they first met .
Now he is a famous person on internet because of his blog : ' Live to the fullest ' .
All of them were waiting for her with lots of gifts in a beautifully decorated room .
The food , his team of chefs , prepare is always magnificent and the decoration a piece of art , not to mention that the decoration is fully engaged in the Head - chef .Not only the food but also the restaurant itself is a very beautiful destination .
This film will catch everyone 's attention because the scenarios , the action scenes , and drama beyond paul 's death are harmonized rigorously .
The human race began from the jungle where he lived amidst the worries and fears of wild beasts and under the illusionary protection of tall trees and now the journey of human race has come to the same scenario where once again , he is living amidst the fears of wild beasts called ' other humans ' and under the ' illusionary protection ' of stalwart buildings that may either collapse due to an earthquake or a terrorist - attack .
I had practised a lot of sports before , but when I started playing football I felt that was my sport , this was freedom .
It 's true that their lives are too much exposed and they can not have a normal life .
Teachers can assign tasks which have different levels of difficulty , or different numbers of tasks to students with different levels .
Each weightlifter receives three attempts in each , and the combined total of the highest two successful lifts determines the overall result within a bodyweight category .
The articles headlined " Soviet crisis " have broadly described the situation in the capital of Russia .
As a result , the Soviet Union has been disintegrated along traditional ethnic lines .
He moves to another place because he did n't want to be on the same place where his father died .
You are offered the standard big brands like M&S , Next , Waterstones and others , but you can also find little private shops selling all types of goods .
Finally , I do n't think that private transport is much better than public transport .
Near my bedroom , there is a little room , in this room there are my red desk , a white bookshelf and one globe .
What it comes down to is , should the Internet be more tightly controlled by governments ?
The main reason for its popularity is its accuracy and funded research which makes it more reliable than other news programmes .
Second , I am quite energetic , open , active and educated person .
It is very common that the bad economy of some countries force their people to emigrate to another country .
With these qualifications and personality , I believe that it will prove me as an ideal candidate for 5-star Cabin Crew at Qatar Airways .
For example , we are obliged to agree that science has given no answer to man 's doubts .
You can use this web if you are a tourist or just someone who wants to enjoy a dinner in your own city .
But with this gadget , we have a big problem : people are becoming isolated , we are living in our own world .
When we Have meal , We ca n't eat before your parents also older people start to eat .
And if you want to go the best museum of art in Argentina you should go to malba .
In addition , employees do n't get confused by receiving several requests at the same time .
As it cost very little to get into an open - aired theatre , everyone jammed and jostled to watch plays , though the poor stood under bright sunshine and had their heads burnt while the rich sat in the shelter with an extra shilling paid .
He was born in Porto Alegre , in 1980 , and played in several teams like Barcelona or AC Milan .
Using foreign powers to threaten China is a kind of unwise act .
And for those who like football but are scary to get injured , they still have the opportunity to watch games on TV and play video game console .
They you should take a decision of choosing roles : start by asking for volunteers ; and always ensure that everyone in the class has a role or something to do .
I consider them as my favorite band since 2010 , because I had the chance to get to meet them watching The X Factor 's episode where they auditioned .
Michael closed the door , saw his dog gasping for air and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I look forward to hearing from you and hope you will invite me for an interview .
According to the recent polls in 2007 and 2012 carried out by the British magazine , Radio Times , the Weeping Angels were picked as the most scariest villain of the Doctor who twice by about half of respondents .
In this point of view , children can always ask their parents to teach them some new lessons from the large source of infinite experiences .
At night , I expected to have a romantic French dinner at a posh restaurant .
public transport is very crowded so you may not have a seat .I hate public transport as I was attacked by mad man once .also taxi is not a good transport .I wish I have my own car soon to get rid of public transport . travelling with your car make it easier and better .
The girl accepted the chocolate with a smile and asked him where he was going ?
Everyday i get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends.i'm exercising more and more again to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world.i'm champion in my sport so , i 'm seek to do all my effort to be the first one in the world.finally I did not find encourage of my family or my teachers .
In the past , cars are only affordable for the upper level while for the middle class and lower there are not many choice for them beside walk and public transportation .
Because knowledge is the best weapon we got against those who want to rule us as they want .
" If you think so go away , forever ! " told Michael .
On the other hand the bypass might cause a drastic drop in tourism in the town .
As far as I am concerned there are some pros and cons about the use of the swimming pool .
When I knew I would be teaching at the remotest high school in Ozamiz , I said I was so unfortunate , and when I knew I would be spending my days in the mountain , I said my life would be miserable .
I agree with the idea that sporting events can be necessary for international relations and national unity .
Just in case I 'll be wearing that yellow hat you sent me last year .
Even though the personal car was consumed more and more because of its convenient ; in my opinion , unstoppable transportation development will perform public transport to be more popular than travelling by car .
Other than Korean , I have also been learning Japanese and Spanish starting from F5 .
It just a very long tunnel where was dark and strange , After , I felt my body ache .
Of course you can look up to the celebrities but you have to be aware of the consequences .
I have a big brother , he 's 14 and goes on friberga as well his name is Ulric in 8f2 .
My degree is adapted to the European Higher Education and it 's valid in the whole EU .
As a result , I believe that my social life influences my personal happiness more than does my job .
There are also places where peolpe can buy the typical clothes , dark dresses for women or a ' tango hat ' for man .
However , you do n't have the feeling that you are very tired , is different , at the same time is fantastic !
My guess is they had the same reaction I had when I saw the three skaters .
I really prefer doing other kind of things on my computer , like to surf the Internet , to study English , etc .
In fact , the box - office hit when it was released and the film went on to gross over 350 million .
I fear that such a huge move would damage businesses and many workers would lose their jobs .
Other transport that can be very used in the future is the bike , this transport is cheap and ecological , also , more and more the cities are building a lot bike lane so is a good alternative .
you should calm down and be away from the fast lifestyle and decide to do something or apply for a job which makes you great man , and then you will find your passion
I am a native speaker of Russian and I am fluent in English as well as Russian .
In addition , on placement the things you learn are always focused on that particular job and company .
So he started repeating in his mind " It 's only a dream .
The location is informal and the service is good , the owner and the waiters are friendly , you feel at home .
This sample size allows us to perform multiple data analysis ( multivariate and SEM ) .
Once on a weekend , it was my last year in middle school , I was at the park practicing as usual .
Dear Juan , we moved to London for the holidays in December , to a huge and beautiful house with a big garden , garage and a tennis pitch .
Of course some of famous people might like this feeling that they are so likely and favourite and they , who do n't like it they have a posibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalist following them do n't exist .
Last year I was in Canada and two years ago I fulfilled the same role in England .
In class , answer as many questions as possible , and try to participate in class discussions .
When we got in the house , my sister and I realized that Michael was n't there .
On the other hand the surroundings are modern , the place is airy and cosy .
We can get information , chat with friends or even order food instantly with Internet , however unfortunately we do n't have it in the countryside
Parents ' closeness to their children can be another reason that makes them good teachers .
Nowadays there are a lot of products which have plastic or they are wrapped in plastic so it could be difficult to live a whole month without it .
People looked like aggressive monsters and I realised that they are close to kill their every single ' rival ' .
He went to buy a newspaper to search for a job , he was looking all the advertisements but he never found the one he nedded .
To sum up , I am not against interactive learning and the use of technology .
She then said the same words as the old lady she had met long ago .
The map shows changes that have taken place in the town of Eastminster since 1999 .
Another reason is that I have gained experience taking care of children from working as a babysitter recently .
Every time , you do a technique you have to show your respect to opponent , and also other ranks , regardless to their age .
The other benefit if taking public transport is less people are taking cars reducing the amount of toxic gases released into the environemnt .
Consequently , the bathing pool may face the hygienic problems , such as someone does not wash before bathing , and scrambling issues .
If one has a sunny and windy weather , it is nice because the sun warms one up and the wind helps keep it fresh .
Canton Tower is located at an intersection of Guangzhou New city Central Axes and Pearl River .
This technique makes the weed control easier resulting in cost savings and yield gains , so that increase global production of crops such as corn , cotton , canola and soybeans .
From Monday to Friday I do it at home , at weekends I attend yoga classes .
The majority of people think of sport as a way to relax , to get thin or to keep fit .
She looked on her laptop , where all the information in that man 's mind was displayed
I am very enthusiastic about working with children and would welcome the chance to make new friends .
I hope that 's useful.good luck and let me know how you get on .
When the day came , we performed an amazing coreography and we went back home with 3 gold medals .
Their activities caused lots of negative consequences such as air , water and land pollution , deforestation and climate change .
To reach this , I recommend do exercise three times a week and follow a healthy diet .
In 1898 , H.G. Wells wrote his story ( the war of the worlds ) , so it was inevitable ; people began to see space creatures everywhere .
I can start the course as soon as possible and I plan to spend 6 months on it .
I tried it last weekend and I will use it all days ! if I used that every day I would improve in a short time !
It is impossible to take a private life if you are a celebrity , because people who love you want to know about your privacy .
Mohammed came back to his town mekka after that and forgave the people of mekka whose abused him
It means " very scared and nervous " because the temple is very tall and it makes people such a feeling .
Despite the hard work , I enjoyed the process of preparing the competition a lot .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried all her best to keep my older brother , my older sister and I for completing our college studies .Of course my uncle , young brother of my mother gave a big hand to go through the hard , so that made us often help each other in my family when the member who was in hard .
Dazzled by the sun when i opened my eyes i realized that i was in a wonderful funfair .
At the age of twenty years he achieved a job as a personal trainer where he earned enough money to rent a flat .
I would be excited to tell you about my plans in detail in a future interview .
During my study , my parents and I noticed that I understand kinetic physics more than electrical physics .
Often they explains and describe the scene in detail like a cup on table , friends who watching TV beside them , room light and so on .
It was a charity concert , the income of which was intended for children who suffer from cancer .
If you want to keep your body in a good form , you ought to go in for it .
Sara stood and stared here for a few minuets and hug here and bowed here for coming and thanks here they had n't meet for several years after they have finished their study .Really it was great moment and stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening .and agreed to visit their collage at the weekend to recall the best memories , peter who is arranged this celebration and connected with Tia and prepared for all this happen Sara never forget that day .
When he arrived the receptionist told him to go to his boss office .
Attached to this letter of application , you will find my curriculum vitae .
I am writing to express my interest in applying for the Sample Analyst position in your Laboratory .
chahrshanbeh soori :
The yellow bags and the glass are processed at no cost , whatever the volume .
I will really like if my parents could take me to your house on Friday evening but I think that we have a party that night .
ENGLISH - LANGUAGE TV PROGRAMMES IN ITALY .
He does not conceal anything from me as I try to understand what he really needs and support him .
i enjoy when i spend my time in the water and now even i am pregnant i am afraid when i swim with a group of people i keep telling them and screaming do not close with me ! ! !
Using your own car you can take the decision of what timetable is more convenient and what way your are go to use .
Duque , who was born in Cali on September 11th of 1974 , took a break in his career because an injury in his right leg in 2011 and after that , he returned in 2013 with the purpose of win the World Cup of Barcelona and the World Cup of FINA .
I am not a professional athlete , however I am keen on sports , especially street running competitions .
By using computers nowadays it is very convenient to find the information you are looking for .
She loved watching printer at work producing numerous results of psychology tests , which she had just passed .
When I am there , I would start my day by calling room service for a wonderful breakfast in bed .
It is more environmentally friendly because it has the potential to reduce the numbers of vehicles on the road .
I found your addvertisment in the newspaper and I am very interested in working in your summer camps .
Of course we do n't have 2 million balls for each student no we share with each other .
It does n't matter that they have failed or gained success on those events , the important thing is the experiences they have got from those events .
My name is Yusuf Hamid I am 17 years old and I visit the state secondary school in Scheßlitz ,
On the other hand , I disagree with the statement because if they are public people , fans will interest in them .
This text lead us into the ( for me unknown ) world of horse racing .
This kind of skating taught me how to take risks and not to be afraid .
- Often you can be involved in city traffic jams , especially in the rush hour .
Everybody longs to be a well - known and admired person leading rich and carefree life .
Cities have been planned to satisfy people 's needs to travel all around the city .
Tarragona is an interesting and beautiful place for spending your time .
In my case I really like doing spinning , I use to do it only twice per week but now I do that every time I can .
Have you ever stopped to think that exist some standards in the society that everyone knows and follows although some people do it unconsciously ?
The wrong choice can lead to a big mistake that can influence on our life and people around us .
I 'm writing you because I 'm interested in applying the job in summer camps .
There are enormous numbers of users all over the world , and social media sites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube are utilized for acquiring some information , contributing ideas , sharing photographs and communicating between individuals , individuals and organization or between organizations .
Therefore , no longer on the acts go unheeded , and the governments have to deal with these problems . We should forbid the acts by setting certain law .
It is true that coeducation can motive the student while they work with other sex group students , we ought to also bear in mind , this is not only solution to get best result .
In fact , this is the main reason why sexually assaulted victims choose to have an abortion .
If you are quite young , you can expect to be alive in 2064 .
It has led me to believe that masculinity should not be an indicator of individual worth .
Moreover , one 's penalty also can be considered as a mirror that people can look at and avoid doing the same things .
After the end of the competition , we were all awarded medals and certificates .
I have a good working knowledge of the English language and I sat my FCE exam last year .
When I was a junior high school student , I enjoyed playing basketball with my classmates .
There has been an extensive campaign to limit the amount of water used to water plants and to wash cars .
He opened the door wider and let her in with a big smile on his face .
We also could go hiking on the mountain or go swimming at the beach , so you would have a good time in my country , Taiwan
On the next day , he handed in his homework to his teacher and he got the highest mark in his class .
Community service orders are more appropriate than prison punishments when people have acted unintentionally .
Secondly , if you use the Internet to meeting new people , it 's a good way to finding people with similar interest . You can enter application and you can explain how you look like and someone is interested in you .
For the average middle - aged person the logical option is to use a taxi .
It 's really important to be tall because you will score point faster and better .
Thanks to increasing living standard , people are able to afford a bigger and expensive wedding .
she finally felt that she is wanted that she could do anything she wants , and that no one is more clever than another , they 're all the same .
An old saying goes ' You never get a second chance to make a first impression ' .
It turns out to be now a very welcoming and relaxing place where warm - hearted people live and where I greatly enjoy spending some time .
Well , I have a good news for you ! I met a wonderful girl last weeck when I went to the cinema .
It 's also great if we want to manage our friendships , or create new ones .
In the show , the friends try to find out who " A " is a show Allison was murdered while " A " turns their lives into hell .
In other words , it must be more affordable than driving to work every day .
All of the bars I worked hosted a night club after 10 PM therefore you do not need to worry about extra tiredness caused by late hour work .
She told me that she was bored as well and that she also had two brothers .
Whereas developed countries became aware of these problems , poor countries have plenty of societal problems , so they continue to influence the environment in a negative way .
During that time , the fans and the players are the same harmony in unity and friendship .
Firstly , there is plenty of people who ca nt buy a car and so the only option they have is to travel by these transports .
You will find attached two references written by the two directors of the camps where I have worked .
That day was a terrible day with Michael , he woke up and felt totally exhauted after an overwhelming birthday party .
However I do not agree with them because in most part of the world mass transport system is still popular and they are environment friendly and cost efficient .
Though public transport is more advantageous to the environment , people just want to get their personal needs satisfied .
these are very cheap and people who do not have a car use it to move everywhere . however , this transport isnot so comfortable because sometimes you must travel with lots of people .
The aim of this report is to inform the committee about the attractions of this town .
In order to avoid the environmental pollution , people should use the public transport that will not only help to reduce the pollution but also the extra expenditures for the petrol .
I was told that the drink / soup changes frequently depending on what would be suitable at the moment .
Now , in November , weather in Russia is not so good so I switched back to buses .
Gorky Park is my favorite place for my leisure .
Nevertheless my father did n't tell him arrogantly but he made him know the right thing politely .
The mall is linked to an entertainment section , called " Donauplex " .
-"Don't be angry Michie , I know you love me .
You knew everything about my health . I 've never hidden this information from you .
Finally , regarding to the clothes , young people declared to prefer casual outfits like jeans , t - shirts etc .
When I went back , a policeman asked him not to smoke , so he was angry during the whole flight .
He would only drag himself out of his house when he heard a new type of food was created .
I still go to high school where I study four languages , French , Spanish , English and Italian .
I believe that people should limit the use of their cars only to special occasions , such as road trips or long - weekend leisure activities .
It 's a sport where two teams play on a court , which is separated for a central net .
I would definitely recommend whoever would like to start this sport to approach it with a good spirit .
I suggest you to choose college students , because they are more familiar with English , besides they will welcome you with pleasure to experience their English ability ; when you are going to use public transportation , you could ask an information you need to the official employee in the station or to student for the same reason , not many Indonesian speak English .
Thus the classes have just begun with new teachers and others who have already taught me .
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is cheaper than public transport .
What Michael thought to be a terrorist attack was a gas cylinder exploding .
I believe that Mr. Kadeer will perform very well and I strongly recommend him for " Google Student Ambassador MENA Program " .
I enjoy my favorite sport because I like running , playing and go to the forest .
These actors paid full attention to convenience the audience that it was graceful Juliet rather than a stiff boy acting .
When you get on the last floor , there 's a large terrace and cafe .
Additionally , since the young people are going to stay in my town for a few months , I suggest that they should subscribe to a Polish language course .
DEVELOPMENTS IN THE TEACHING OF ENGLISH IN SPAIN
My wife went with Pedro to the photo machine while I was filling in the forms .
In sum , there may be some people who may disagree with my position on this matter .
I have more than 10 years of experience in the field of yoga and four years of teaching .
The final consideration is the self - calibration , which also is the point that I have never considered before in a design process .
Like to Asia countries , such as : Korea , China , Singapore , the Vietnamese education and study system is really harsh and highly competitive to all students , especially for the primary students .
A revival of rock music has been seen in the past 10 - 15 years .
Even if , abortion has to be given as a choice in special cases , it is not a solutions for accidental pregnancies .
I think that everybody should visit it because you can see beautiful paintings of gifted and famous artists .
Also , family members are the people that we will always want to stay in contact forever .
She is perfect , with her long curly dark hair , and her pale skin .
My fovourite place is the beach that is near , just about 20 miles away from my flat .
You will be impressed by the stunning views which are considered by some people the best one of the world .
If this will happen , people are going to be more social and empatic , not even for peoples emotions , but also for our environment and they will treasure it .
In more recent years , in the World War I , soldiers used garlic to prevent from gangrene .
But my friends were not interested in that competition , they thought writing is boring and got 1 dollar is small .
According to the investigation conducted by the 104 human resource bank , the percentage of people using the knowledge in the work field that they from school has surprising reduced in the last two decades by roughly thirty percent , a figure that has nearly one half compared to that of half - century .
Relaxing because you can travel by yourself , with friends and with your family .
If you want a different and unique restaurant you need to go Azul Historico , because it has a delicious food , some times have a regional music and the service are excellent .
As the number of traffic accident has increased dramatically over the year , finding the best solutions has putted the government under pressure to whether implementing stricter penalties or using alternative regulations .
You become aware of what was going on and you start to travel back into the film story .
We could visit different countries , for example , France , Holland and Belgium because they 're near .
I could n't bear the pain but I had to endure it to survive my ordeal .
For example , air bags have been tested to ensure the safety of the passenger and the driver .
1500 per month for K Sivakumar for working as an Acting Territory In - charge .
Since then we have been in touch and by now we are dating . I think this is extraordinary .
3 months ago , he wants 1 million dollars for the painting but the Norway government said no .
I think that is the main problem , but you can also change where you are going to .
To sum up , I think that we have to expect a great future in which men will regain possession of his whole capability and thanks to it he will change everyone 's lives in best .
So would you please reserve a room to me where no animals have lived before ?
In addition to this , the night was beautifully organised and each performance was professionally executed .
When in the center and wanting to enjoy various sights , by car it is hard to get from on place to the other , because the circulation is dense .
I m 16 years old , tall , extroverted , very energetic and cheerful and friendly .
I think that there are many different occasions , and each one requires a different type of clothes .
The same day he asked to his Science teacher if this would probably happen on a future .
Just to make her smile every single morning as if something amazing had happened to her .
And you either take that step forward , or turn around and walk away . I could quit .
The process of becoming this fact real and common in our society began about 100 years ago and what is really absorbing , nearly 95 percent of advanced society can not imagine the world without any kind of information about famous people and their existence at all .
To put the whole matter in a nutshell the self - driving system is good to prevent accidents .
Lanjarón is one of the most tourist villages in the region La Alpujarra ; therefore , it is very important both for the council and the local residents to keep the village clean .
He was dreaming it was his time to go fishing ; he went so far that he saw a kind of battle between sharks and whales .
The innovative aspect of ' House ' is that he often takes illegal action , for example breaking into a patient 's house to investigate environmental factors , which may have caused the particular disease and hardly ever is he punished for it .
To inhibit the growth of a living being is a cruelty , but sometimes it happens .
I believe I could someday become a chef in my own restaurant and serve my customer a fabulous dish .
Thus , scouring Seville is like rewinding the time and being propelled in the past .
However , the public transport use can be affected by a number of factors such as mechanical failures and environmental issues .
My district makes clean my village and it usually tries to make attractive with new social initiatives for the community .
The region where we will stay has a nice system that encourages people to hike .
I am an active person and exercise daily to keep myself fit and positive all through my day .
For example , if you are in a bad mood the first person that will come next to you , to make you smile is your mom or dad .
Mohamed is from Senegal , 33 years old , graduated in education with a master in education for children and people with special needs .
So I decided to give it a try and I applied for that job .
If there is anything else you want to know , drop me a line anytime .
In the modern - day world technology is no longer a tool for survival but it turned to a means of communication and entertainment .
If everybody uses the public transport , the world be much better . and the people will be stress less , because they will be not worried about parking places or be in the traffic .
The municipal board of Clayton conducts meetings fortnightly to communicate about the improvements that have been made and that have been planned to be implemented in future in the town .
The government has a responsibility to encourage the public to use buses and the underground more .
Hong Kongers , being a Chinese , should not inhibit our own country , with other countries .
First of all , if we are in shops , we can buy everything we want .
With this film , I was able to get a clear idea about traditions and customs of that time .
Henry fell down and his head was injured Michael left him to bled profusely and later a pedestrian saw his body tried to look at his pulse rate but encountered that he was dead .
We are used to just turn the lights or air - conditioning on when we do n't really need it .
Accordingly , the author compares the Easter to a pagan spring festival , where people were joyful because of spring coming just as a Christians 's cheerfulness of the Resurrection .
It is true though , that public transport would not be the general public 's first choice .
For instance , in our country music consists of two main parts : Mougam and Folk music , which have been getting popularity from all regions in the world since it was sprung .
Please do not worry too much about me , I am having a joyous time here in Japan .
With no appropriate budget it is unreasonable to keep old buildings which are useless when they are not renovated .
For words i think its perfect but all the grammer and talking i think you need a teacher .
Secondly , The infrastructure in the big cities is not sufficient for all the cars .
karate is one of the best sports i have ever enjoyed in my life .One of the reasons behind my passion for karate is that it 's means of tamming the mind and the body .
He has very good knowledge of Spanish , improved by taking several Spanish courses and stays abroad .
This movie is about what happens in the real life right now , on the other side of the world .
The winner is the team which has scored most goals at the end of the match .
On observation they are getting some help from their neighbors , however they are having problem keeping up their household routine .
I am keen on communicating with different groups of children ( mostly aged 9 - 17 ) .
To sum up , I believe there are pros and cons wearing the latest fashion .
He had a lot of animals : Two dogs and three puppies , four horses , eigth ducks and one cat , Lionel .
However , I can portray a unique relationship that I have with a generous and warmhearted person .
There will be on another planets , for example the moon , many citadels inside an enormous domes .
The week has passed , so we are at the end of this adventure course .
Peter flew from the classroom and tried to squeeze himself between the multiple students that were evacuating their classes .
Each house in the city have two verity of dustbin to keep recyclable and non - recyclable items separately .
I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier
I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier
About the foods , I imagine a future society in which restaurant wo n't exist : people will eat only junk foods and food , which has been prepared before , food in tin ... so all unhealthy thinghs , which will cause many problems .
I feel that this can be attributed in the first instance to the changing nature of modern societies .
It is easy , because football is one of the most popular sports in the western world .
The swimming pool is big enough and the temperature of the water is fine .
Firstly , it is true that the young people used to do sport daily in any where , at the school or in the street and also they did n't use to eat fast food .
However , it might be that you had to wait a while for your food to be served , but worth it .
It is hard to read the Weeping Angels ' thoughts and emotions from their ash - pale face .
Sport is an important for all of us because it helps us avoiding disease , and becoming healthier .My favuorit sport is swimming .So practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feeling fresh and relax .
One of the main advantage of family is the recogniton you have been given in specific age , children required special attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family .For instance , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education , job and adapt to society .
I live in one of the most polluted city in India and which is also the capital of India i.e. Delhi .
So we can watching a program that we wanted so we can choose what is good and not .
With this in mind money would be spent on constructing a running rute where no - one would have to worry about traffic or obstacules in their way .
Many organizations and public authorities encourage workers to use public means of transport to and from the job place in order to minimize greenhouse gases emissions and save natural resources .
I learned how to respond to different people 's needs resulting from cultural differences and expectations .
If you like artworks and antiques , you can go shopping for stone sculptures in addition to papyrus there .
Pickpockets can have a field day with all the commotion of rush hour .
Else the ticket for the concert I bought the VIP ticket as well , so I had to go before to Birmingham , because the entrance to the venue was at 17:00 and as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I did n't have to rush .
The boat is located at the Crofton Harbour and some means of transport would be necessary to get there .
Small snub nose , full lips and high cheekbones .
Another advantage is that students are unencumbered by overcomplicated , confusing metalanguage .
As I said before , I have young cousins and we meet on saturdays so I need to think of activities and games to keep them entretained .
I 've always wanted to see them live and finally my dreams came true .
One day , Michael got up late , and he had going to school at seven o'clock .
I could n't answer , in particular , the questions about PHP and MySQL .
But on the other hand you maybe punished or they may yell at you when you do something wrong .
After calling the ambulance , he waited outside his car someone who could help you .
In your advertisement , you said that you need a person who can work at weekends in your cafe .
As a teacher , I have to be considerate , unbiased , trustworthy and decisive .
For example , in some areas , people have to wear a musk while having outdoor activities and they might need to purchase water from other towns .
Some people believe that cars should be banned from the centres of all major cities but I am against this idea .
Players are on the same ground and some of people are playing the game and some are not .
This is a little act for us , but if we all contribute will be a big help for the environment .
I am studying Nutrition at the University , that is why I am living in Tijuana .
Creating fun activities is an important role of the summer camp workers .
They have asked me to choose a thriller and it has been so easy it feels bad .
In addition , yellow plastic bags are provided for free to separate the plastic , cans and bricks .
Now , we discuss sometimes but we love us because he always stay together in the good moments to take a coffee or talk about our lives , but he also stay in the bad moments , despite being friends since we were 10 years old .
Also they have so many close relationships with their children , which makes them a trustworthy characters as teachers .
I am not saying that we should always play chess as physical activities are also important .
That is why our personal information always leaks to the " hacker " .
Although young people are required to help their communities every week , actually it is still not enough .
To make sure of the printing effect , special ink has to be used .
Next day I have received a call from one of the technician Mr. Humam Altannous ( who was compliant against us ) and asking to repair the Microscopes in Malariya Lab ( which are not under warranty or Contract ) .
Thus , more and more people , when buying a new car , also consider its environmental friendliness and the possible impact on the community .
She noticed he was Robert , her first boyfriend , but he looked like an angel .
Its atmosphere is that of an old Buddhist temple situated on a mountain somewhere in Japan .
It 's true that not many people consider the members of their family their best friends .
When the night comes I went to the restaurant that he invited me to go .
I am looking forward to hearing from you if you are interested in my application .
I live in a small village , in the German region of Hesse , called Griesheim .
They ought to apprecciate what they have and stop complaining aboout their life , because there is plenty of people , who dream to be them .
Moving is always upsetting and there is a period of adjustment that is very stressful .
It is difficult to understand a sectoral development where the global interest is big cities , without looking and help the surroundings .
According my experience , if we do n't exagerate the way we use technologie like internet , phone , satellite .
To decorate the cake , whip some cream and top with fresh fruit .
All this situations may impede us to stay in touch with old friends but on the other hand can give us the opportunity to make new ones .
My view is that public transport is good because it has prevent pollution which is good for the public .
However , I accepted her plan and I met her at " Wonderland Café " .
Some people argue that this new idea of cars is a milestone for us and it will bring only positiv effects with it .
I am exicited about the idea to be with and interview other students from different parts of the world .
Last year I celebrated my fifteen party and I loved it very much , ( I want to celebrate it again )
The whole process of selling the tickets was fascinating because of the demand for them .
In my opinion , the television has an important role in the society because it can influence in people 's life .
In conclusion I have to say , that in Kiev you can find everything , if you really want to .
Not only they run away from uncomfortable situations but they also prefer to see them on screens .
While the phone was ringing , I felt shivers down my spine .
Studying using a computer offers you the possibility to be more relaxed when you do it .
The nicest places to go are the malls , because of the very hot weather .
It would be possible to organize a bus , which would be preferable to going separately by car .
I wrote main because back then Turkish men were allowed to have harems .
I am going to France this December , and Francois will show me independent Paris !
Mr. Sharma 's airway should be spare and clean from mucus or blood ( Pudner , 2010 ) .
From time to time it seemed to him that he loved her .
As might have been expected , a main city as Pamplona is well equipped to deal with a large number of tourist and residents going shopping .
In addition , many residents in our town have launched initiative which target to clean up our village , and plant many trees on the streets to keep the environment clean and protect our generation from pollution . moreover , to attract tourists to visit us .consequences , jumping number of visitors to our town , and reducing pollution which causes several diseases .
So my dear blog ( I heard it 's the way I have to interact with it ) You will be about nothing .
What really makes me to love Barcelona is that they play the football , instead of them running around .
I would like to apply for a position in any of your summer camps in the USA .
The reason Lagos remains a mega city is because of its abundant tourist centers .
As a matter of fact , reduction of living space will not be noticeable due to thinner walls .
Besides to be an excellent exercise , is also the more comfortable , because it allows me to concentrate , to be with myself , talking and praying to God in each step in the morning .
I encountered during the concert small problems but we have fixed very easy thanks to the team with whom I have worked .
These crimes may be committed by sensible people who are not able to control themselves at crucial times .
Here are few tips for starting conversation with Indonesian : Indonesian person will reply a smile with a smile , so you can start with it ; not all Indonesian speaks English , but most students could speak English .
Besides that , it 's very likely that you can find some programmes you like between all the trash because of the wide variety .
Using internet in wrong manner may affect their studies and health as well .
Afterwards some get into their cars and get stuck in traffic jams on the way home , it causes more tension and disimproves mood !
tube and train , but is there a future for it or not ? , I am going to respond this question giving disadvantanges and advantages and finally I give my personal opinion .
Taking acceptance the strength of music , it is hard to imagine human life without it . "
I am a student in the last semester of the Molecular Life Sciences program and I am looking for an analytical job .
I 'd like to give advice to everybody not to sit at home and watch TV .
Brazilian people are known for their creativity and enthusiasm for soap operas .
It would come to an end if society changed the concept of " famous people " .
It 's one of the most beautiful castels , in my opinion , and it represents the most important thing this countrey is known for and that is Dracula .
Thus , this would help students know how the world has evolved and how it will be .
Michael just had realized that he did n't heard the alarm clock so he get in panic immediately : - I ca n't arrive late at work .
Fortunately , Michael , who had n't thought that option , left the interrogation room .
I believe , as soon as Automobile sector develop new technology in cars people will more keen to use their own vehicle instead or public transport .
The food on the menu was amazingly not for illustration purposes only as the food they served looked exactly like the ones in the menu .
So transportation of goods has become an important link for both the public and businesses .
When I was in high school , I loved to go to different kinds of activities .
ATTRIBUTES OF SHOPPING FACILITIES
He had chosen to study Amsterdam because he loves that city , it 's his dream city and he loves canals and the Amsterdam 's lifestyle .
I am really very interested in the job of your summer camp , I have worked during seven months in Spain in a similar job .
To sum up , parents should take full responsibility for their children education .
Also you can be robbed because in crowded places you can easily fall prey to pickpockets .
My favourite restaurant is a restaurant called dahlboms in Åre because they have the best spaghetti bolognese ever .
You can study hard for years , but if you arent't obligated to use English for things of everyday , you wo n't became good at it .
And furthermore , it 'll be reassuring to get by with your basic necessities in another country .
And that 's obvious because it 's the first serious production of this young , prospective director , whose ' Flushed " became a worldwide hit .
The film is well - developed and shows the audience every little issue and difficulty that miners had to go through .
There are lots of ski stations with good ski slopes of different levels with different colours , the greens are the easiest and blacks are the most difficult .
I also think that a lesson went well if they did n't talk and did their work .
These moments are very special and I hope to be able to enjoy for many years .
First priest to realize that church wine is not real blood .
Similarly , on TV , during the shows , between a programme and the other we are bombed by the same ads all the time .
Nowadays , you can chat with your friends via computer even if they are on the other side of the planet .
The world is a deserted place , at least it is for Alison and her sibling .
While public ones must obey governmental laws strictly , private schools have some privileges .
At first , we did n't think that something bad was going to happen .
Compared to the use of public transport , one can not deny the convenience of using a car for moving around .
By using public transport we reduce our carbon footprint and help to save the Earth .
Michael 's only fault that he is a mamma 's boy .
Curiously there are many ways for taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport so what I advise you to do is do some exercise before you go in the pitch , so it not only prevent you to suffer from spraid or other kind of injuries but maintain you active to keep your game level .
On Saturday night , we went to a formal restaurant to eat pasta .
His parents finally came back after three days but it was obvious that something was wrong .
Some scientists did n't care about the infection ; they were playing ultimate team in their iPods .
The members of your family in deed are your best friends , but only if you do n't take them for granted , if you respect them and their space and opinion .
I was blown away by the breathtaking view of the city from my window .
Nevertheless , there were many inaccuracies in the advertisement and certain aspects of the holiday were chaotic .
All in all , travel in the sea with a boat can be very interesting and comfortable , in addition , it is very safety .
Then there are some requirments for printing sheets : color on both sides , special ink and images slightly raised .
Hi , My name is Gabriela Cordeiro Magalhaes ... I have thirteen years old .
How many times would he have to face this irreverence ?
Thirdly , reserves should be put up to provide room for animals , and we can help the endangered animals in this way .
He thought that the dog had eaten the kittie during the night , so he shouted to Tom , open the door and went away .
There are now 8 billion people living on our earth and if everyone would drive a car , the smoke would be so high , that we could n't live here anymore .
The large dining room with high ceiling is what catches everybody 's eye , especially if you set your foot into the restaurant for the first time .
I was so annoyed that I closed my eyes and wished for a chair ...
The Weeping Angel is a thriller full of haunting beauty and intrigue .
They want to occupy the planet Earth because , according to them , our resources are still virgin ..
I went to the kitchen and sit on the chair , nervously fiddling with my bracelet .
Education will not be in the schools and universities ! , but it will be in the internet by many methods like : Self Education , E learning education , in many web sites like : EDX and Coursera and distance education .
The resort mainly focuses on children , which is in my eyes a good idea .
On the one hand , I have been learning English for so long that my good profeciency have given me the chance to get a position in an international work team .
Five more minutes went by , and he decided to get into the bungalow .
I just want to express about what I think painful , and I think coming back to your own home after many years of parting and seeing your closest person have departed is the most painful feelings ever .
When he arrived at the building where he worked he took the elevator and when to his floor .
Besides , avoiding the dubbing process , episodes can be seen in concert with their original airing .
Then employees are able to suggest the best solution , this approach is developed in formal education .
Some hikes are short , but steep and some hikes are long and involves no climbing at all .
Then you realise that running is a way of life , a healthy way of life .
As a result , there are more chances to overcome the conflict with minimum human losses .
This is an important feature that will also help anyone in all spheres of life .
They can also treat or prevent a disease or condition , and are used by the scientists in researches , and by the doctors .
On the one hand , friends is like a family because you live together a lot of experiences and adventures .
All they want to do is to repair the love meanings and find happiness in their life .
I put some ice cream and milk in the blender and pushed the " start " button .
They open from 11 am to 14 pm and from 8 pm to 10 pm .
It still has to have the same elements like : roof , walls , floor , ceiling , basement , loft , door or windows .
This review is to tell you about the Astoux restaurant , which is situated in the heart of Cannes on the seashore .
When they were asked why , they answered with " because it tastes better " .
I also would like to do this because I have always been wanting to visit the United States and I love to sport .
To sum up , the disadvantages of going abroad are higher than the advantages , but every cloud has a silver lining .
Alison 's sister , on the other hand , is a total opposite .
I think that members of our family ca n't be our best Friends , because maybe we do not have the same confidence that we have in our Friends .
The direct impact of prolonged drought is the reduction of incomes for farmers result from the decrease of output .
Grammar is the most difficult part in learning English .
By playing football , you meet a lot of people of your age and make some friends .
We need to consider both sides of the argument for public transport use prior to reaching a conclusion .
The most important is wake up each day with a big smile and work hard .
So television has positive and negative aspects and it 's up to us how to behave with it .
In JavaScript I have some experience but not in the necessary quality that is required for such a position , I think .
When you are on holiday , try to make contact with other English - speakers , and who knows ?
Neighbours helped them to make the building and after a few months , they began to use it .
There are many people who have experienced a carcrash , or just simply afraid of driving , so they prefer to use public transport system .
These are just some of the many things that make me love this sport so much .
The question arises if driverless cars will be a boon or bane to us ?
However I think humans have evolved and we are very happy with technology and Internet .
Furthermore , they concoct stories and concepts , publicise them while making animated versions all over the internet .
By the time my high school years were done , and right when I attended university , I developed certain predilection for typical healthy Spanish , unavoidibly combined with less fast food due to the usual diners with friends .
More and more , the oil shortage makes prices for fuel increase so does for transport ; economic policy of importing countries tend to establish saving measures in order to be strategically less dependent .
On the other hand , using a private car is totally ignoring the environmental damage and effects .
In conclusion , I am of the opinion that people ought to study abroad if they have the opportunity , so apart from your lessons you can interact with native people and learn usually - common phrases .
First of all , make a to - do list of all your activities and routines .
They experience gracious living , enjoy glitzy parties and admire their photos in glossy magazines .
If Azucena does not live there , We would not know Toulouse .
Everything sounded great , they only needed a little bit more money and a car .
According to studies , martial arts have fewer injuries than other sports like soccer .
I think that a law degree is such a practical degree and legal knowledge is applicable almost everywhere .
If the place of your happy living is relatively large city , you will say indeed : " We obviously need public transport ! Everyone knows what happens on the streets in rush time ?
The history of Kunta Kinta is part of our national history .
we do not respect traffic rules to drive only with the intention to go fast as possible to our destination , this often causes traffict accidente and congestion .
Nowadays , employers are looking for experienced people who knows how to adapt to all the different situations you can be involved in , such as an international lecture or a difficult plight .
Lots of the buildings are skyscrapers and the architecture has completely changed .
Here I come to express my thoughts about what have been happening during these past weeks at the reception of the building .
For instance , signing up for hip - hop dance or aerobic classes as I do , it would be a nice idea .
You can imagine that it was amazing , Linkin Park is the best group I know so I was really enjoying it .
A documentary , a book about the culture is cheap and easy.we can consider it a ecomomical method .
It 's just my opinion because this is my life so I now what I am talking about .
At first I would like to tell you that Katowice is a wonderful city , full of great places to see .
His wife was sad and she cried a lot and she stood on street waiting for Michael .
Saying that , my family is the best and they love me much .
You can have fun walking with friends and admiring the different shades of colors on the leaves .
I 'm sorry to tell you , but we are going to have an awesome team for a long time still .
Second , if you avoid doing things only because those do n't like you , you 'll miss opportunities .
This sport was very happier for me but a day I broke my leg and then I never played more of football .
I would like to be part of this project as next year I will have to live at miles of distance from my parents in order to study Medicine .
YOu could go to clubbing in Tarragona but if you travel in summer it is worth the effort go to Salou .
One of the promotional objectives is to increase the awareness of Trivago in Hong Kong .
I am 25 years old and I have finished my studies of psicology this year and I am available to work from July to September .
it 's for this reason that I think the public transport is a great benefit for the society , and a good way for move us of the one place at other , I suggest that the government has to give more means for the purpose of improving the public transport .
In issued notice it clearly states that all defect parts should be sent to Slovakia with effect from 01/06/2015 .
Finally goberments and society are concerned about the environment and I consider that they will decrease levels of pollution and co2 emitions .
If you need more information about it , please call me when you arrived .
Several years ago we had wonderful lawns with a lot of local plants and grass .
Switzerland is a small country also take your time and spend enough time in each place .
I would like to invite you to join the road trip with me.it must be an amazing experience if we are together for this trip .
Fortunately , visitors would find all of that in the Tourist Information Ofiice and in shops on the outskirts .
She has a really skinny body , and her hand are long and covered in brown spots .
In my opinion journalist and other people should accepted and respected it and sometimes they should just let go .
People usually become hungry after shopping , so opening eating places in this area would be very beneficial .
This essay will look at the some of the key causes and effects of overweight among people .
In the film there were servants , they were Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
But there are two places that i meant in the beggining , its a big zoo called Kolmorden and biggest aquapark in Scandinavia that called Rusha .
Well , it is possible actually , just like we did in the 1990s .
He never has been the most famous guitarist in the world , He was just one more guitar player .
So , we can say , with less deforestation there would be less global warming .
Alison felt desesparate , she notice that her husband 's car were in her house , so he was walking or someone pick up to him , she takes the phone and she call all him group of friends , nobody now anything and now they were scaried .
If you choose to travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali , the trip will be much shorter , spending only two hours .
The majority of the space was taken up by a U shape marble counter where customers can sit and observe their desserts being made .
Since ancient times exist public transport , and it suffered numerous attempts of assassination , in China for example , the dynasty Yuan prohibited public transport ( at that age , charriots ) because of fear that Han people could plot and riot against mongol 's dictatorship in it ; the situation inverted at early socialist regime when , in 1960 , Mao considered personal cars as instrument of opression and symbol of devilish capitalism .
Some fear are instinctive and it 's positive because it protect us from real danger , it 's a good response .
I am writing this letter because I am concerned about facilities for shoppers in our area .
I am not very good at all but I like to play it with my friends and do matches on Saturdays .
it 's so kind of you to send me my favourite Glaswegian postcards !
The history of water treatment continued in 1670 , as two Dutch glasses makers investigated on magnification glasses led to the invention of the microscope .
If you decide to ground in Geneva , I suggest you to visit first the north of Switzerland from the west to the east and then the south of Switzerland from the east to the west .
He started with a group of six who signed a consent to participate in the focus group .
Afterwards I will have the right to take part to the intarnational missions for maintaining the peace under the patronage of the European Union .
Although experts say the plane is the safest means of transport , I continue thinking It is very dangerous .
The principal things everyone must have at their houses are three trash can for the division of the trash ; one must be for renewable materials ( rest of food , paper , carton … ) another for plastics and the last one for glass .
Ali realizes he loves Stephanie and he wo n't be the man he used to be anymore , who do n't believe in love and only want one night stand .
Joe we live far away since I work for the red cross , but I steel be the same person as I was at the school and I like the same things .
I wanted to explore more about the chair but I knew that I should go home by them .
Companies as Monsanto that engineers plants with steeril seeds , encourage non - sustainable production models that promote the extinction of independent farmers who have to choose between their lifestyle and the new farming era .
But we have now entered a new era of the attention - grabbing business : its digitalisation .
My brother went to the NBA league and see the match the Arenas vs Orlando And now I go to my house and then I 'm going to invite friends .
All in all , I 've practised many sports in my life but tennis 's been far the best exercise for both , my mind and body .
If we think about the future , some sketches of famous movies could come to our mind .
As a typical Brazilian I have a favorite soap opera , is called Floribella .
Unless we do so , I believe no future for the public transport .
Every single one of them said that if you work abroad , you will improve your English a lot since you will be listening and speaking it all day .
Being in the centre of Bucharest , you can go outside , in downtown to consider visiting new cultural things while shopping in boutiques and relaxing on a terasse with a cool lemonade .
The obsession to know everything has led some of us to make dangerous experiments for which we pay with our lives .
There you will find beautiful countryside and gorgeous swans , which stay there for the whole year .
Adam was twelve years old , a clever boy in his school , always gets the top marks and participate in most activities , known for all the teachers and students .
The second answer is it is not correct to exclude men or women from any posts .
first of all you should eat healthy food to have a good physic , do more exercises and sleep less .
It started when I was 12 or 13 years old , his music meant everything to me .
For a quick glimpse , this technology provides the ability to precisely clone any tangible object .
Michael was nervous when he was asked to do some work together with that new fellow .
Ever since I started learning English I have found quite handy watching TV series , especially those which are perfectly subtitled , in order to follow the plot properly .
This could be the greatest experience of your life , do n't miss it ! !
One of the best restaurants I 've ever been to is Spizharka .
When I finished the high school , I started working as accountant in my father 's carpentry .
At the beginning , we could n't stop the fire , and although this night sound impossible , we managed to put out the fire .
All her clothes are from kids section and yet they 're usually too loose .
Overall , the achievement of ice cream van is better than the indoor swimming pool , from about 1100 to 5500 .
On the other hand if he chooses to play professionally then he must try hard .
Secondly , people do n't like the old buses in the city centre .
Michael was home alone , spending time in front of the TV , watching his favourite movie .
The chilis restaurant at 123 street , Toronto is really a great place to hang out .
Information about the basic theory and technique on tennis can be gathered in internet / books .
" The taste of my blood was completely different from the Sacred Blood " .
These stories once heard , can open somebody 's heart to learn to love learners despite everything .
The aim of this report , is to show how does my town takes care of the environment .
Travelling by car is preferred by some people because of its convenience and advantages .
i , m a very happy person and very interested about cooking and all things about the kitchen its cool my dreamjob is a cook
If you live in a small village , you may know the sport I do .
I enjoy playing tennis because it is a sport that requires skills , concentration and speed .
It is providing 12-year free education to every child and they must be educated for at least 9 years .
If you want to try it , you should find a club near you .
It is well known for its jewellery , pottery , spice , leather and carpet shops .
I love soccer because when I was child my brothers were taking with them to the club and I enjoy it when I watch them .
The school could consider stepping up collaborative efforts in developing coherence in curriculum development .
My friends are Mariana , Cristina , Fernando , Jose , Pedro and Ivan .
Bertha / mr.tuttle and the mute girl lidya who also hides a lot of secrets .
But , as a learner of my third language , I am a firm believer it is the right choice .
That 's why I think that waiting in queues is essential at any place .
I watch tv about 5 hours a day and in the weekends about 6 hours because I can stay in bed till late .
I am glad to hear you and know you have bought a new computer game .
In terms of love , he did n't love her anymore but he still kept contact with her .
As they say in English proverb < travel broadens the mind>. In summer you can switch off of daily routine , relax , have a talk with friends .
Studying English in your country let you continue working or studying without change your habits .
It was very big ... We could n't believe what we were seeing .
I get along with my siblings very well but we do not see each other very much .
Do you want to go to have a look after reading my introduction ?
Since I used to work as a secretarian I feel capable of organizing sports and evening activities , if you choose to let me do so .
I worked at at nursery school in London last summer , what led to improval of my English skills .
When I was returning from syleth I called the girl and talk to her and assure that I got chance in university but girl says that she knew it .
The most important invention is the mobile , because you can do whatever you want in only one communication device .
Due to the fact that our lifestyle is getting faster , nobody will have the time .
If you prefer , you can substitute stretching with few yoga exercises as well .
To sum up , shopping is not always an enjoyable thing , because it takes time , it is often full of people and a person can be annoyed quickly by incompetent assistants , who eager to help you by suggesting the most expensive products .
If you are the victim of sexual harassment or you are the witness , you should try to call for help at first .
To sum up , the professor totally disagree with the statement in the reading passage .
I used to go to the swimming pool when I was in the school to learn and it became in my favourite activity when I was really tired .
First , classes with discussion between professor and student had an advantage for the student because they learn how to interact with their fellow student .
In a flash , I rolled down from a mountain and I did n't know where I was .
As you gradually grow up your world expands , your personality changes and so do your acquaintances .
In the growing " sharing " economy , online communities are offering peer to peer for almost anything .
On a Charity Fun Day the air was filled with the fabulous smells of Indian , Italian and many other world cuisine .
Nowadays all the car manufacturers accepted the task of design robot - driven car that in future would resolve the issue of safety and availability of taxi 24 hours 7 days a week .
One day , Monsteration 's next destination was the city of Michenstain .
The experience about the film was amazing , because we laugh all night and we enjoyed that very cool idea .
First of all , there is no denying that parents may teach their children enormous fundamental living skills , on which their progeny count .
go owling and he s been wonted to go owling for a long time and he finally got to go .
I know , it sounds boring and pessimistic but if we wo n't change our minds imediately , the future is going to be like that , for sure .
If you offer me the chance to join your team , you shall not be disappointed .
As long as you are determined , you will be able to become a good master .
I live with my brother and my parents in a house in Punta Carretas .
We can mention many places such as Sword Lake , Hỏa Lò prison , Temple of Literature ...
If partially damaged sheets exist , the bank notes should separated into good and bad .
That is why i feel traveling by your own car is the best things that can happen to one person .
However , as with all issues present within society , a dual commitment from the citizens and authorities should be regarded as a key factor .
" I have not taken anything yet " , the boy whimpered .
I will tell you my negative attitude about time before I take a lesson from my brother .
Fame and the attitude to fame have been one of the most thought - provoking topics .
For the most of men shopping is so boring and exhausting , but for the women it can be the best way to make better their mood , because they are so happy when they buy many clothes on sale , cheaper than in regular price .
In addition , I think the public transport is a necessary service which we should have access to .
He is four years old ( the same age as my little brother ) .
I do a lot of sports for example : cycling , karting , football and basketball but my favourite sport is swimming because I have done this sport since 1995 with my grandfather .
This is the reason why I highly recommend going to the Astoux restaurant .
A while later , I discovered I was in a huge old museum .
However , cars can cause some problems like traffic jams and accidents that could be avoided using public transport .
Although healthy diet is quite expensive young people follow special diet in order to have better body shape or healthy life .
Moreover , you can swim in the cold water of Los Pilones ( I recommend you this place because it is an incredible and quiet place and I love it ) or small natural lakes on the North of Extremadura .
What about talking about fair play at sport and how to become a sports star ?
The tourist was surprised to see a gun , the robber forced the man in the street and then the tourist put to run .
But , the public transportation have a lot of future bacase a lot of reassons , first the time , if the place you want to reach finally is really far the different type of vehicles of public transportation will get you there faster than your car , also the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe there is no highway that cross the ocean you need an airplane and unless you have one , you will can not reach travel between continents with your car , a different reasson is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska you will not need to pass through Canada , the commodity is a really important reasson because drive for 8 hours is exhausting and it will be unsafe also , the economics is a factor to , because the attrition of your car it will be more that in the normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do , it will be expensive that in public transportation .
For references , you can contact the Principal of the School , who will be happy to supply you any information .
And while volunteer work is important for the individuals and communities served , it also benefits the volunteer .
Certainly , computers and similar devices give us the priceless opportunity to make our lives simpler .
Then the hurricane come and all the people was scared because they did n't know what he going to do .
I'm thinking what kind if things were more dangerous for me?It was so dangerous when my friends and I swam in the Tobol river .
' The moment of realisation hits you like tons of bricks , leaving you in a life full of regret and guilt '
Those who are not satisfied with public transportation system may use private vehicles .
He has been admitted into our care on 16/03/07 and underwent a surgery .
I agree with that only in part , because in my opinion there are some more reasons .
I am sure that , if taken up , this idea will surely be a failure .
It still gives me great fun within incredible company of my friends and it keeps me fit as well .
It 's huge and beautiful . I will show you a picture later .
My name is Margarita Varela and I 'm interested in the Summer camp Assistant 's job position .
Lucila has been studying English for five years , and she is quite fluent .
We believe that fair play is a very important topic because children must learn to behave properly when playing a sport .
In my town , there is no future for public transport , because the time necessary to get to the city centre is the same walking or by bus .
Thank goodness we live in the internet age and I can do shopping without leaving my bed .
What happened with my healthy life which I want to have when I was a child ?
It 's quite architecturally significant building I think , plus there is about million books , so you can learn something new about our culture .
I 'm so happy you are almost finishing school and of course that you are coming to Colombia .
For these reasons , I maintain that universities and colleges should spend enough money on academic education and social movements to prepare students for their future development .
But when it comes to their interior factor , the uncanny feelings are maximised by turning unconscious physiological reaction into conscious one .
For instance , when you read , you have to associate characters and places , and memorize details .
In increasing numbers , people are using public transportation and local communities are expanding public transport services .
I am the suitable person for the job because I like to care of kids and I have the capability of being empathic with other people .
Vicious monsters known as Grievers prowl its twists and turn .
I think you 're suitable for this job as you can speak German , English and French .
In addition , public transport is cheap because to buy a car meaning spend a fortune and in big cities , where are concerned about the environment such as Amsterdam or Tokio , there are many facilities as mobile phone applications or special offers .
One day I had a surprise , I have met a teacher and he invited me to tranee in a huge gym in a team .
In the US , millions of people are stung annually and some have died from their injuries .
I hope from the explanations , I have been able to convince you with respect to my opinion about the shopping centers in my town and their possible facilities that abounds as you take your time in considering visiting them .
There were six of us from a school , and we all agree the stay was unpleasant .
It 's takes 1 hour and at the end I am very happy and in a good mood .
After two hours , she could hear Michael 's voice coming from downstairs .
For differentiate between old computers and computers today , would first have to describe each type of machine .
Another job was a part - time job in Leofoo Village .
Firstly , it leading us to global warming since the concentration of pollution are higher in many countries , moreover actually it is not only leading but also make global warming faster and also can threat our health .
Unfortunately the main method is to make private cars if not a luxury then to make their usage economically less efficient in favour to public transportation .
The menu offers a wide range of mouth - watering thai - food dishes including starters , curries , noodles and desserts .
They really caught my attention , they had all the characteristics that I consider the basic ones in a film , not couting with the astonishing actors that made an impressive performance .
All the people need these things and the best givers are family members because they give unconditionally .
I know this is not easy but there is an ecological and cheap transport : the bicycle .
When I opened , I was handcuffed straight away and I pretended to be surprised .
I know you 're coming next week to Rome and I would be really glad if you could come to see me .
This is a huge amusement park with many attraction for young people looking for excitement .
A lot of important news can be shown to people around the world by TV .
Some may say that running is very similar to religion , but to me is more than that .
As you know , my father runs a tour agency which needs some new staff and they are looking for people who speak at least three languages .
Even though cooking is not my favorite chore I would n't mind to work in the kitchens .
You should never be afraid of making a mistake or worry that people will laugh at you .
The Colosse was often restored because it was often in difficult situations .
I 'm 18 years old and I 'm interested in working in your Summer Camp .
She inspected the man looking for an Id. She took it and as soon as they got it , they let the man go , who fainted and will not remember anything that happened to his mind .
Probably that day was the worst day in her life , besides she hasn't got married , her sister had died in a car accident , It had been a terrified accident , her sister was driving from Ciudadela and she crushed into a tree .
Swimming gives me a huge amount of satisfaction and so much desire to keep on challenging myself .
If you do essential things you gain time in your life at the same time .
For more than thirty year in Nerja has been openend every day " Big Fish " a traditional restaurant with a typical cook of the coast of Málaga .
I have studied this exam not at all and I have got a very limited time , around 3months , before the last test so I would like to begin as soon as possible .
For the history lovers , I recommend going to the Historical Museum of The History and Culture of Jewish People .
I believe that the people in a future they will begin to travelling shared car more time and they use less the public transport as the train , the bus , underground , etc .
I may have been far yet from being an ideal one , but I know someday , having Gala as my guiding light , I can become one .
People need to spend more money on fuel if they want to travel same destination by private vehicle .
Nowadays , the Internet is very useful , it has many ways of helping people such us with their homework , using Google , or entertainment websites like Youtube , emails websits such as Hotmail , and the number one social network site , Facebook .
Nutritionist are specialists that know a lot about all the types of sickness that can attack on the kids and even the ones that will murder them .
Authorities should enact more safety policy on road and ensure by improving the quality of traffic facilities .
The main offences are driving over the speed limits , drunk driving , driving without licences .
I ca n't wait to go back and try all of their dessert flavors !
Today , the people use more cars , which leads to more cars on the street , traffic and pollution .
And people are getting isolated , once I saw a mother using your mobile instead of taking care of her baby !
Are you still working all the hours God sends preparing for your exams ?
IN that way it will take a lot of your time , while the bus or tramway have their own bus lanes , and hence are running smoothly .
A fire of hatred burnt his heart whenever he heard her gleeful laughter .
I was going to be a scientist , but I 'm not sure anymore .
I like prepare my activities a week before , then when I have to do this activity it is more fast .
Likewise , the joy of shopping is dependent upon the items one intend to purchase .
We will not only witness all of the greatest moments in time but also correct the mistakes we make .
Recently , I have seen the Tarantino 's new film , Django Unchained , and I have to recognize that I am looking forward to watch the next one .
Also ' internet ' in our days helps to get information all over the world , and if you wish to get involved then go to the www.bbc.co.uk.These sites are free way to find most adequate information about actual events both in society and technical life .
Clean and adequate water supply system is vital aspect in public health and social prosperity .
In the wonderful world of cooking that we live where we have a lot of products and chefs so good , I would want to visit an Italian restaurant because I love cheese and I think that Italy is the best place where you can eat a different types of cheese in the world .
The most exciting day of my life was when I and my sister discovered that we would spend one week on a cruise with our friends ! that was a very beautiful Holiday !
For instance , the ability to bear both physical and psychological stress is not something you can easily learn .
You can practise it in a semi- Olympic swimming pool , which is always clean and protected against the sunlight .
Hence , it is not possible to do job and study side by side .
Young people in Ukraine are more comprehensively developed than young people in USSR .
Although they look bigger or more attractive , genetically modified food products are unhealthy for people .
When I was 12 , I went in France for the first time in my life .
Even today processors are in almost every device : dishwashers , vacuum cleaners , television sets , even blenders .
They fulfill all the functions that my friends has , and they fulfill them even better .
Since it is located in a specific area between China and the western , both cultures are also being popular in there .
If you want to start practicing this sport , you should be prepared to work hard .
The mental processes , specifically the cognition ones , tells us that she had thought a lot about what she did and that she is wrong .
The aim of this proposal is to make recommendations in order to improve the school facilities .
awareness sessions have been made to explain the difference among re - use , recycle and reduce .
There he was , sitting on a bench in a garden , waiting for his mother .
The end result of additional driving could be more traffic and more aggregate fuel consumption .
So we can use the plastic in a responsible way but we have to know that we should n't follow this idea until the extreme because we need plastic .
It is said that no future for public transportation . I think it when I was young , but it is changed while I am getting older .
Day by day , the power of consumption increases more and more and one of the areas you can realize this is in the traffic .
Among young people exist a statement that shopping is always an enjoyable way to spend your free time .
I like to exercise on the street even in the season when the temperature outside below zero .
For those people , who want to start to exercise the street workout I 'm advising to start with basic exerscises such as pull ups , push ups , dips and squats .
We in Sweden are also very proud of our best football player , Zlatan .
Everything was amazing , a lot of memories , we laughed a lot , we did many activities like bbq , table games , watched movies , swimming pool , among others .
But one day , my sport teacher gave me the opportunity to became a basketball player with nine years old .
This essay will discuss the differences and similarities for learning a language and learning mathematics .
Chinese , as a language course , is concerned with encoding and decoding .
The room was really dark and Micheal could n't see anything .
Many characteristics will increase immensely such as confidence , self - defense or responsibility .
I think that this job is for the children enjoy so I 'm the correct person because I like playing with them .
" Why should n't I give myself a chance to make my dreams come true ?
But I enjoy myself so much doing this sport even if it 's just running around .
Studying English abroad is the better alternative , but it have advantages and disadvantages .
One day in an especially chilly winter , Lucky Wang 's stepmother got sick suddenly .
The town is not a big city , so the air is not very dirty .
It may seems boring and time wasting to wait in queues , but it is n't .
I think the opposite , I believe that public transportation has a really huge future .
Should you have any question please do not hesitate to contact me .
I 'm a hard worker and I always love finishing something that I started .
Which meant some of fish were damaged thanks to the revolution , which also meant that while they were reproducing , the genes of the baby were changed .
However this family believed that if they arrived their goal , they would reduce the amount of plastic rubbish .
Sexual harassment is somebody else ( maybe strangers or maybe someone you are familiar with ) bully or force you sexually .
When I opened my eyes I saw a beautiful chair with orange and green stripes .
A group of young boys was once again doing graffiti on the front of his house .
I wish to apply for the post of worker in an USA summer camp that was advertised in the newspaper this Monday .
I can finally just say that Jose is the most beautiful accident that has happened in my life .
My husband is also my best friend as I do n't have anybody closer than he .
Secondly , has my writing improved and in what way did this happen then ?
What you actually think in such an extraordinary moment is that life could n't be more beautiful .
We tried to involve many students as possible since we needed actors , costume designers and technicians .
Once upon a time , in a large town there lived a young man who worked at a post office .
- You are the only person that came here in the last five hours , Peter .
It is a more expected criteria , why the authority step up many organization working for waste management .
Before computer was born in this world , we used paper to list something which we should afford it could disappear or be ruined by something .
For example , if you go to work to England you can see off the bright and sunny Spanish days and say a big welcome to the frightful English weather and depression .
This provides evidence that life experiences and surrounding where you grow up have defined the kind of person you are today .
She knew her husband better than herself and had noticed his strange behavior for a while .
Should you need further information , do not hesitate to call me .
Among them a private means of transportation suggests that there is no future for public transport .
We can enjoy cricket with our friends by playing cricket and we can also have fun , entertainment .
It is about a family ( the mother and her two children nicholas and anne ) , the mother is crazy and thinks her children are allergic to the lightin general .
At the moment I am training at the Turin Sisport near Mirafiori .
In his mind , the only reason I was there was just to see the girl he had my crush on and to know some of her church friends .
In The Home of the Future everybody will segregate waste and take care of environment .
Especially when we go from shop to shop but we ca n't find anything interesting .
Above all , people are not used to undergo suffering and what is more brutal death .
think has a future that all people use public transport then I think that maybe continue to have future but has bad and good things , for example good is easier to move in the city and you save time , and the bad , bad people attack you and steal things , but I thing , that have future , because a lot people even they use public transport to .
As you know I 'm planning to go to England to brush up on my English .
I could only feel a hot , smelly stream of wind . '
If you ca n't go with me , I think we can go out some nights .
As we can see , an unequal percentage are shown depending on the area where the people come from .
On the other hand , if you live in a small town or village , your answer is : " Of course , I prefer my own car or bicycle to public transport , if I do n't go far away .
As volunteers we were also helping the cooks of the schools in the kitchen and in the dining room .
I am writing to tell you that I have known my aunt Lisa when I was in London last month .
Although I never take lessons in cooking , I cook varied meals at home every day .
And now , I have a lot of books of all kinds : biology , chemistry , novel , dictionary , etc .
Give me a ring and I 'll pick you up wherever you are .
Otherwise the public transport do n't pollute but the car pollute so for us travelling by car is better than travellng by public transport but for the atmosphere is better travelling by public transport than travelling by car
I am a 20 year old girl with an immense desire to get busy this summer .
The one I most admire is called Ronaldinho , a football player that in my opinion is the best of all time .
In the past the people bought thing , and they did n't care how is dangerous for the planet .
Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , Lula , is a myth .
I started when I was 18 years and I played 2 days per week .
My bedroom is blue and orange , the colours of my toys when I was child are different .
All in all I can assure you that I would be a great addition to your team of workers for all the reasons above stated .
- The unrivaled place for young people is the municipal center for youth .
This can be seen as loving worry about someone but also as a sign of distrust .
No wonder most training includes intercultural communication and cultural awareness courses .
The government had to start a major public transportation projects in order to solve the problem .
As many other Asian country , in the past , we were greatly influenced by the ideology system of Confucius , a philosopher from China .
The government should give to superstars the right to protection of personal relationships and activities .
We arrived at the island in the morning , after a long journey on a ferryboat .
first my favorite sport is futboll and i like for many reasons for example while you are watching a match you 're going to feel exited and entretaining besides that fubol has the best fotboll player than ever who is leo mesy he 's the best and he s able to awesome stuff when he 's playing .
And in order to help them defend themselves I can also teach them some techniques about self - defense .
I like a lot of activities such as travelling , readillng , play soccer and watch movies .
He walked briskly to the restaurant , and tried to be as happy as he could .
We should also consider the fact that nowadays life is so busy that we ca n't waste our time taking public transport .
We were trying to reverse the flow of time , but that is not possible at all .
They are frightened by the social movement , and prefer to look for a safer shelter in the countryside .
Moreover , there will be important thecnological advances in our life , like as intelligent mobile phones which could help us with day - to - day task .
As in Brazil , each country around the world has reflections of the unwritten rules in the cultural values .
Nathan Cirillo is remembered as one of those soldiers .
The two maps show the changes which had taken place in the town of Shipsmouth between 1995 and 2010 .
The film is excellent because of both a very exciting and engaging plot , and great interpretation of the main characters - the serial killer and the two detectives .
And I want to give a surprise to Vrinda by sending her a short movie .
Besides , there are a great number of people who graduated school but do n't have enough money to continue their education .
As a result we all know what to be done so that we can make little changes in the reform to lessen the cost of the treatment .
Ultimately , crowd - pleasing people also have got any civic rights just like everyone else .
But we got this perception just because our eye can see only limited number of images in a time period .
I understand that the new programme have some specific requisites related to preservation of analysed samples .
A commercial team responsible for raise awareness of the critical situation the environment is suffering .
At the end of the day she said : " You 're right .
Firstly , travelling by train , metro or bus can lead to the reduction of gasoline consumption .
There I went to Surabaya International School , where I learnt English .
They told her that she has to bring $ 100,000 so they can do the surgery to her brother
This might cause that town planners will think there are not enough reasons to keep them .
I would n't consider myself against it , although I am aware of the risks .
We are beginning to see people in countries with cars going out of the city on weekends and holidays .
I want a kitten but my mom is allergic so we ca n't have one .
In addition , it could be interesting although you do n't have to do physical actitivy , because of your capacity to redaction a speech , support an idea , have a connected speech will be got better in this kind of activity .
This shows that fried or package food and complete lack of exercise are the chief reasons for increase in obesity among young people .
This is the world of globalisation where the entire world is one market .
I 'm sure in the future there will be car able to fly or you can park them in your pocket .
Obviously the weight is the resistance , which will help the individual to gain strength and mass .
That trip made me a lot of friends , I 'm still holding the contacts with them and this trip was two summers ago .
I am writing in response to the article about friendship that was published in your magazine .
The Science teacher explained to Tom all the problems that would provoke the global warming an he propose to Tom to do a campaign to raise about the use of the cars and the problems that would cause on a future .
There were many things that just stunned me in one moment , when the band started to play ...
First , the lecturer talks about " Saran " that propose a challange to prove that the Turing 's test was not conclusive , than he create a paradox .
VH Bay in Ninh Thuan is assumed as one of the best bays in Viet Nam so that I especially recommend you to go there .
On the one hand everything is very cleaned including floor , bath and corridors , in addition , if you are a disabled person you will not have any trouble to get there because there are some ramps to help you come in .
Maybe you understand this discrepancy between activate pupils and the pressure of the school board for the best test results .
The serious side of the nuclear power is the dangerous weapons that the countries try to own , threat the peace in the world .
It had been raining earlier and the full moon shone brightly on the wet stones .
The Diabetes Type 2 is present in adults people , the insuline is generated but this not work in the body , so the amounts glucose is storage in the body .
You only have to be aware of when leaves your public transport and be there a couple of minutes before .
The latest fashion is often designed for slim persons , so it is recommend to choose the right ones .
I am very good at artistic things , such as , drwaing , paining , cooking , dancing and a lot of other things .
After having had a long day at work , people long to get home as quick as possible .
At last , how big the crowd are in the bus or subway car in rush time , how convenient for yourself to be there , rather than sitting in your own air - conditioned and perfect looking car .
They come across with some problems while they are shooting the film and this supply quite a few strong highlights .
However there are those who reject this and are in favour of the use of public transport .
So , if you take a year off , you have to think about it .
Consequently , I believe physical development is the necessity in secondary school life and I was so grateful for providing me opportunities of extra - curricular activities .
I did n't know was happening , and why they were acting like this .
Additionally , the subjects in the school are given with the aim to develop thinking and creativity of students .
Advertising is a form of communication that is used to influence and persuade consumers to buy products , services , ideas .
You 'll dedicate your time only on things for personal enjoyment and it really will hurt you .
It is not easy to prove that there is a relationship between organizational culture and performance .
" The plan is to win this competition because I always compete to win .
I have working in different activities like this , for example in a famous basketball team as a volunteer , or in the hospital with children and their parents who live there .
The only problem is to find parking space because this pub is in a narrow road where it is not easy to find space to park the car .
He had everything that any person would want to have : live abroad , earn much money , have a partner , work in an international business , an so on .
Last but not least importantly , the author asserts that the stone balls might serve a social purpose .
Shops use a lot of tricky ways to encourage people to buy more than they need .
I just finish my lunch time , and before prepare everything to go to work I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a small surprise with this fantastic photos , I hope you like it .
First of all , there are many shopping malls in different areas of my town .
From a very young age children can gain basic computer skills through programmes that allow them to learn , draw , paint and play .
I imagined the scenario with Mathew coming up to me and looking for some advice .
The greatest wish of her life was to work alongside him in the hospital .
For instance , travelling with children it is very annoying on public transport due to all the security issues involved .
today many people use their own vehicle for instead of public transport , the other thing is , it is easy and convenient way to travel to the job and any other personal work . therefore , it can be seen the demand for public transport getting low and lover .
In 2010 , a recurring massive traffic jam that happened in China caught worldwide media 's attention .
It turned up to be a disadvantage for me , given that I am interested in the theory .
This book has a very fluent plot what makes that Vanity fair was one of the best novel .
The first accurate translation of Hamlet from the original is published in 1828 .
There is no future for public transport , becasue travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Not to mention diapers and sanitary towels , paper napkins and many other things .
Recently , for the protection of environment , the Hon'ble National Green Tribunal passed an order banning diesel vehicles of more than 15 years .
The author claimed that the business dropping causes by the increasing number of skateboarded users .
Those kinds of things help to the brain to be more active and process information faster .
Meanwhile , they are friendly and willing to share their knowledge with me .
First of all I would like to begin with giving some information about the city where the place that you will be visiting belongs to .
For example if You are active every day , you can keep your health in good condition .
It 's also not said but tennis is one of sports which causes an enermous amount of injuries , so that 's necessary to be under constant control of your doctor !
I suddenly knew what had happened , he took his own life , and my heart broke .
Many wars start because , people do n't know or respect the other beliefs very well thus , we need to learn about belief other people we are live with them .
As the majority of you I have friends who are still around me since many years ago although we do n't see each other regularly , others simply have softly become less important and some luckily have recently entered my life .
This means you can set the time you want to leave , because you do not have to respect a specific timebable .
That day I was afraid , but now I remember this experience as a good time .
Computers are an essential part of NASA , since they try to calculate really complex equations to help them solve the mysteries of space .
My mother makes me breakfast every morning and my brother brings me cookies , when I have a bad mood .
As we know it , for women shopping is the best way to relax but for men is just a torture .
A thing I would miss is the connections I started forging with other people .
Cyberschool have been attempting to present their new project called cyberschool .
I 'm sure the pharaos of Egypt felt that way when they gazed at the Pyramids .
The advertisement talks about work in the kitchens ; our summer camp was little because it was in a small town so we had to cook children food and I could do it without problems .
All in all , Taiwan has currency sovereignty and is well - known for its effectiveness .
I thank you in advance and I 'm looking forward to reading your proposal .
To avoid accidents , government and airline companies have to do something to prevent tragedy .
Besides that we can also use television to make us become knowledgeable , by watching news programs .
Italy is his parents ' country of origin and it was the first time for him to visit Italy .
I like to play football cause for me , as well as one hobby , is one way to stand out of the world , of the problem that every day I have to face , and at the end it makes me calm and happy .
My mother is my inky best friends in my family , she always listening to me , sometimes i call her with her real name!.
When talking about famous people , I usually point out J.K. Rowling .
Even so , now she starts to talk more often , and when we started high school we met lots of new friends !
The movie is about a teenager named Mia that had a car accident with her family .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling in a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to have each two to four of them trap in car , in other words one massive transportation measure against twelve or more cars on the same road .
After the handover in 1997 , it becomes a special administrative region of China .
Canada is a peaceful nation always ready to wear the uniform when called upon by its country .
The international round table was devoted to the study of Russian - Turkish relations .
In the first part of the novel , fighting is a technique that works for Scout .
On the other hand , everyone has the opportunity to clean the streets where they spend most of the time .
During the past five years I have been organizing several events not just in England but also in the United States and Portugal .
The two most useful , in my opinion , are cooking classes and personal finance .
In return for your help I could teach you some Italian recipes that I know you are fond of !
Security against terrorism atacks were promised to be step up but policemen are not seen in the streets and neither are security cameras .
So depressed was Lucky Wang that he simply lay on the ice with weeping .
First of all , I would like to say that the young people have worse health nowadays .
While many people believe that internet brings a vast amount of problems such as reduction of interaction between people and some bad information resources ; in contrast , I have a strong position that internet brings manyfold benefit than drawbacks .
I have been working as a teacher of mechanical materials in a vocational school since my graduation .
I appreciate your attention to this letter , do not hesitate to contact me in case you have any doubts
The speed of life has been fastened , people do n't have time to wait for a taxi or in the bus stop to get their work done , they want their work done in the blink of an eye .
In addition probably this project is the best chance of really getting to know more about the Baltic Republics .
So people prefer travelling with their own means of transport instead of paying to travel in a terrible way .
Next we visited a famous aquarium where I looked a lot of fish .
First , the development of population still continue , the space for living still a serious problem although , the skyscraper already solved the most of problems from population crisis .
The males who filled in the questionnaire and the females alike spend many hours by surfing the Internet .
A VERY GOOD RESTAURANT WHOSE SPECIALITY IS " TAPAS "
From these experiences , I discovered that teaching people will never be an effortless job .
There are people who would n't be able to travel if it was n't for public transport .
Cars pollute our air what leads to many diseases such as asthma , allergy and even cancer .
Additionally , the writer suggests that it has some potential which can be used by CD industry .
I would like to make my own style but I do n't know where to begin !
It depends on how you deal with what you have at the present to be prepared for the forthcoming changes in the future .
The restaurant offers good quality food for reasonable prices and the atmosphere is very welcoming .
In fact , some people just understand an aspect of this method , that is to say , they have applied wrong method .
I worked in that staff more than ten years ago ( new employees recruiments ) and I can guarantee that for the first interview it is important only to receive a good impression .
She put her cup of coffee on the windowsill , hooked up the brist on her beautiful little breast , put right her colourful light - minded skirt , took her orange scarf and red little handbag and went to the door .
Personally , I do not agree with the statement " shopping is not always enjoyable " , because I like this kind of spending leisure time , for instant , with my mom or friends .
In addition , you should avoid judge cultural values from other countries based on unwritten rules of your own .
My favourite sport is fitness . I love go to the gym , because there we will meet new people , make friend and we can relax .
I read about your summer camp in the internet and I would love to work with you .
Of course , most of westerners already were able to imagine the Globe with relative accuracy , but the picture in their minds differed from the one in ours .
Nonetheless , we have to confront the truth that the resources from all over the world are distributed unfairly .
After a while the people who are laid off will not have enough money to live , and they will become homeless people .
It 's true drive by car is so much more convenient , because people do n't need to wait bus .
Furthermore people actively use private transport such as cars , motorbikes , scooters and bicycles .
If sameone like cars then should go to Formula 1 race to hear the bolid engine sound , I think that is the best voice which I have ever heard in my life .
I am writing to you to give you some advice about work and travel in my country .
I want to tell you about the concert in my school , it was really cool .
I am twenty - year - old student in my second year at National University of Culture of Ukraine .
Finally , I would like to express my willingness in working for you as this will represent such a great experience for me .
Most Shenzhen residents come from different cultural backgrounds and speak various regional dialects .
For this reason , many people now believe that there is no future for public transport .
Kateryna was sent to Ukraine at the age of 6 .
All in all I think that it is one of the best films ever made .
If I were you , I would give up music and I am going to explain why .
now days young people are influence towards the western culture so , they are getting more fashionable.youngster are interested to wear different stylish and colored clothes.they are happy with wearing different color clothes.they did n't want to wear our cultural dress such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more.they only like to wear shirt , pant skirt , t shirt and many more.youngster are influence by watching different programmes on television .
This restaurant will be an amazing place to the call meet there because like I said before the atmosphere and food are amazing .
Also , there are different sections of training during the military service people generally do a lot of training to their obedience or how to use the weapons .
" How could you even say that ? I would never ever do this to you . "
The boy , Ruben , was wearing a shirt with a brown trousers .
At first I would like to tell you that I do not agree with this statement . I could even tell that this opinion is opposite of the present and future situation .
A corious fact is that out of the five most popular sports in the world only basketball keeps track of possession time and to me that 's exactly what sets him apart from the others .
And it is a serious problem , because in the not so distant future we wo n't be able the handle the garbage - it wo n't be enough space where we could deposit that .
When the car stopped to take oil at a service station near Gilando , my father asked me to go the very back benches of the jeep .
Today with technology friends are made at a click of a key be it on social media or mobile devices .
If the film director was available on May 18th , it would be perfect !
Both of them are just like me , we freak out when it comes to football !
The show seems difficult , the characters always have to face the situations which is uneasy to solve , but practically , this show is a soap opera in hospital .
At this website , you can find a clear , detailed explanation of the tenses , with illuminating animations .
The restaurant is charming and fascinating , located in the old town 's center .
I also take pleasure in playing tennis , for the benefits of practising sports and staying active .
From the corridor an underground pathway led to the basement of the strange building opposite .
The distance between people will increase dramatically until we finally wake up from all of these unrealistic convenience we have .
And in some of the scenes the little girl escaped or the dad had to make them jump from a building to another one !
Even though our subway system is still developing , the main line that pass through downtown , several universities and popular city spots is very popular and has been many tourist , students and professionals 's prior choice for commute .
Soccer has always been part of your life and memories of you kid kicking a ball bigger than you are still vivid in my mind .
It soothes them , calms them , aggravates them , excites them .
Another drawback is that animals sometimes escape from their enclosures , which is dangerous for humans .
They lived in a big house with a lovely swimming pool where we can swim and play .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out with our sail boat .
I saw dive - buddy 's and even professional dive masters pushing and stimulating fresh divers to extend their limits in order to dive to that spectacular wreck or enter that mysterious cave when they simply do not have the appropriate training for it .
These variables and behavior of employees determine the expected performance and then there is the actual outcome .
The students were mean and the teachers did n't like me at all .
However , if you want to go there , you must fly or go by ship .
For upcoming enhancement , I would like to inform you that there was no longer the public transportation services since travel by car more convenient .
Vietnam is a small country but had defeated two big nations which wanted to turn Vietnam into their colony .
Well , there 're a lot of sport that people practise every day but I have one which is my favourite .
The floods , droughts , and famines , all of these making great effects to human and animals , for instance , the loss of properity , the missing of people , which is not good for the development of human beings .
Hello guys , my name is Matteo Davide and I love lot of things in my life , but the most important is one : play tennis .
If I could give advices to new practisers of Pilates , it should be to read a book about this method and to take time choosing a goog teacher .
It is true that we are a lot of users that want to use the car but , and that amount is growing up ; as well there are a lot of people that do n't have the posibility to have a car and some use the public transportation because many reasons like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than car , because the traffic , some times for people it is so exhausting to drive lots of hours an even some times the public transportation is faster .
She needs to hear me out . I wo n't leave ! " .
I strongly recommend this café if you want to enjoy an excellent coffee with a careful decoration and brilliant performances in which you can participate while having a drink .
Technology is one of the most important parts of our lives , so we should incorporate it to our habits .
I 'm sure you remember because I spoke a lot about this event .
Also , I rest from the routine while watching it . I can relax and just watch , laugh and talk to my friends .
In both the extremes of a speech , loud and low , there is a violation of the values of a good communication .
It 's a comedy with romantic features and at the same time very realistic .
In my opinion it is one of the most interesting programme about the science on TV .
In the same surveys , the researcher show how travelling by public transport is safer than travelling by car .
Most parents have special skills , but these skills may not be suitable for their children .
Regarding the actual shopping , it has more than 30 shops with a variety of things , from fashionable clothes to delicious food and even squaint books .
Besides saving time , taking public transport can also help reduce the emission of greenhouse gases .
The biggest accident in my life was probably when I was three years old .
Most people like to have their own car , because they think is more comfortable and flex .
In conclusion , I believe to meet the requirements of the job and I kindly ask you to consider me for it .
There you can find almost anything you want from clothes to electronics and groceries to beauty products and flowers .
In order to accomplish this endowment there would be a necessity of teachers which leads to many new job opportunities .
I would be very motivated to contribute to the development of excellent education material for the Faculty of Health and Wellness of Think Education .
As a country , Taiwan has to stick to its ordinary path to create lovely and healthy environment to its civilians .
Luckily , the government intervenes to preserve the safety of the Internet .
Taking care of our environment is considered for many of us one of the most important things in our lives .
He slowly opened the door , and a cat jumped right in front of him . "
Personally I really like shopping , because I am interested in fashion and I like look good .
- It 's so hard for me to wake up at 6 o'clock .
Some people think that this is possible but I disagree because it confuses roles in the family .
Few technical inventions have had such a deep impact on our daily life as this little thing .
As You can imagine , I visited a lot of monuments and cathedrals which I could see and know something new about them .
In front of the building are enormous reflectors which shines into the darkness .
Jessica did n't answer , but she looked at him for the last time while she walked away .
This part - time job gives me the learning opportunity to develop my skills and understand the practical aspect of my career .
In addition , attending social activities widens my life 's experiences wholesomely .
Starting with The Blue Palace you can visit some other old buildings .
The attack lasted two endless minutes which were full of suffering , blood and pain .
The statement - ' There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . ' can be discussed in two different aspects .
Additionally , they offer a monthly alternating " special menu " card presenting five main courses .
On the other hand , when you learn another language there 's not only benefits but also drawbacks .
It was not an easy task to figure out if there is a future or not .
When it was already 10 pm suddenly a car appeared in the dark .
They had a long tradition dating back to the 18 century when Vungtau was a a small commercial port .
Today I will talk about my summer camp job , pepole of all ages need to work in summer camp job , my name is patrick i am 13 years .
They know what our habits are , what we think about and what we like to eat .
In several scenes , Weeping Angels , the lonely assassins , never shift their positions and postures , even though protagonists and supporting players blink , look away or turn their backs .
Regarding your question I am playing " Trine 2 " since last week .
Public transport is also used by childrens like me who want to go to school , high school or to the univerity .
I like football because it is a sport that I practiced from small and I think that is the team sport more fun and exciting .
The benefits of swimming are that your body is healthy and your brain is alert .
Moreover , children can also learn to sympathize with others by keeping a pet , apart from leaning to be responsible .
I was alone in my bedroom and a young good looking woman entered the room .
It 's a beautiful city and I 'd to go with you .
order to see all the best places that we have , like Milan , Rome and
The route makes many stops , in different places , so the way in the map is a mess .
First of all , thanks to the internet you can meet or talk to people even if not by your site .
The more people have their own cars , the more space to park is needed .
Let 's take a bicycle travelling to our school or job instead of using any public or private transport .
The researchers found that there is a big difference between what the boardroom preach and what the employee 's experience .
They have to immigrate to another place since their homes are destroyed , and during the immigration most of them would die because of lack of water , high temperature or predators .
So she left on Monday and she landed in Bogotà Tuesday .
From Teutonic mythology to Hitler and the Second War World .
In the future our lives will be much more difficult because we 'll struggle for everything alone .
An increasing number of people begin to discuss for the success in school or work , the having an ability to adapt or adjust conditions or circumstances is more important than having excellent knowledge or a field of study .
You welcome , I 'll be very happy to put you up . I'll show you the marvellous venues which are situated in my hometown .
I had a copybook where I wrote some interesting facts about that remarkable trip for me .
Some people say that a tripp by car is more convenient that by the public transportation , but that statement has a lot of issues if we think about the limitations .
There is no doubt that the Southerner in Vietnam have prejudices against Northerner for a long time .
With this in mind , some questions arise : Should young people be given all money easily or should they put in a great deal of effort to get it ?
I hope that you will visit Traku castle while staying in Vilnius .
I strongly oppose this statement because handling both these together is easily possible with strong willpower .
In the end , I want to tell you that we are not robots , everyone deservs that they want .
I attend Sant Ignasi school and in the future I would really like to study medicine .
It was a sunny day like every day Sara woke up and had a breakfast with her children then she went to her job .
Currently , Cáceres is the only Spanish city having a European award for offering a big selection of food and drink .
Although there are many people and animals are suffer from these problems , i do believe that the government can take some actions to solve them .
Having goals in life will make ones ' life meaningful and purposeful .
The focus on children can be found in the huge contribution the Kids Club has on the daily life in the hotel .
On the other hand , people should think of the environment , pollution , global warming , which all are currently warning .
As I 've told you I was helping on the Linkin Park 's concert last month and I have to write you something about it .
In my opinion , everything depending on our preferences , but train is general - purpose means of transport , I recommend it !
In addition , A general vision on the human innovation show that the majority of people creations have bad effect , this effect exist even in people 's lives or themselves .
This sport is not so hard , give me the opportunity to do an activity that is not too expensive and could be done outdoors and not in a closed sportshall .
They have cars , not like the cars people from 2014 were used to , but they still call them this way .
I like to spend time cute little kids and cooking is my favourite hobby .
Exam stress leads to many bad consequences towards High School Students .
Public transport is a very useful resource , you can travel without polluting the atmosphere and it is very cheap .
That is a small start , but will eventually reap a huge outcome .
One of the things discovered by these scientists are the Eco - homes , in other words Eco - homes are a type of homes that help us causing less damage to the planet and atmosphere in our everyday life .
Every day , a lot of animals die due to all the rubbish we throw into the oceans .
This means that the food being more resistant to pests and agricultural diseases can minimise the use of chemical pesticides and fertilizers that can poison the water supply and pollute the environment .
I was far from impressed by all dumplings which housewives prepared .
For me it has some very important advantages , like that you do n't stand in traffics , reductions for students , low risk of accidents , potentiality of sleeping , eventuality of travelling with bike or other big luggage .
I love to run because I think it is good for my mental and physical health .
In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thiller must be seen if you had spent a good time given than it achieves keeping in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .
The future that lies ahead for public transport seems to be a bleak one .
It does not need a fuel because there are different forces which raise the car in the air .
She is a nurse , but he did n't receive any reply .
For several decades the population has been discussing arguments for and against GM food .
You had to pay attention throughout the entire movie to keep up with the story .
It tells the story of a widowed shop owner and a mentally handicapped girl .
I value this friendship and is of great importance to me because it is a balanced one of a kind relationship .
Firstly , people can take the bus or the underground and leave his or her car at home .
I enjoy participating , whenever possible , in competitions in my city as an amateur athlete .
However , it was wonderful how I could admire the landscape while I was doing sport .
I 'm a really cheerful person and , though I am 15 , I 'm keeping up with the kids ' world .
In all cases , the treatment process must fulfill both quality and efficient use of resources .
As you can see in the attached CV I have experience working with children of different ages .
Some people would say that it 's necessary for usual people to know how the politician lives so they could know if he should be trusted .
Should I go if I do n't know , who send this to me ? "
All in all , if you were to do this , your parents will not blame for you .
On the evening we had dinner on a particular restaurant and my friends and I did many photo with a famous sight .
There are many reasons for travelling , and to travel from one place to an other people use different means .
The pyramids are famous because of the way they are built , it was a great job by the Egyptians .
Another important point is that this bypass would improve the traffic in the town center .
The target population included telecommunication service users who subscribed a loyalty program .
Now you have got lots of free time and I think that you must make a really good tour of my country .
It is the most important thing that they should think about carefully before they start their study .
Moreover , it is considered to be one of the most active and popular kinds of sport all around the world .
Travelling by car is more comfortable than public transport , easier and faster .
I really recommend this album because of the lyrics and the sound because it catch you , almost like a great poetry .
It was a very confusing but probably the best year of my life and I will tell you why .
Stress - it makes your life easier since you avoid driving in the middle of traffic jam
I am writing to apply for a chance to work at weekends in your cafe as advertised .
I am a big fan of American and British films , from classic to modern ones .
However , there 's a hope for women to find a song that does n't treat them like an inferior gender .
Brussels , Europe 's capital , made his stay very pleasant .
To be honest , I 've never understood why you enjoy boxing anyway .
Usually I jog three days a week and , honestly , I could n't do without !
although I have been playing football for years , I am still not a professional player , this may be because I am not talented .
Firstly , I sometimes use my mom 's bicycle to university taking part to reduce the carbon dioxide emission from my car .
According to the information donne , the most used is the car thus most of the families has one , but the public transportation is getting more and more common for those ones who want to preserv the planet and develop other alternatives more respectfully with the planet .
I would appreciate it if you could send me necessary applications forms and associated information relating to the assessment .
On the contrary participants will find a wide range of restaurants , trattorias and bars with a good selection of menus suggesting local food .
It is a good time to turn to the entertaining program , when we feel bored and gaze the wall all the day .
Even if you are interested in more than ordinary shopping you will be satisfied in Leonberg .
- 60 percent of the houses in the village have solar panels .
In the meantime what about helping me to find a part - time job ?
Italian eat also a lot of fruits like apples , oranges and other fruit of the season .
Nowadays , television is very important in our lives because there are a lot of benefits and advantages of watching TV .
At the weekends , I carried on a workshop on leisure activities for children in need .
Precisely here is found the crux of the problem .
Saving some money and buy a car is the best thing you can do .
If in a city there were only cars , the city would n't afford enough parking lots and roads , all the cars would jam the city , and people would n't get their destinations .
I will tell you a review of a thriller , the thriller is Hunger games it is about some capitals and people are choised and play on a game , you have to kill persons for they do n't kill you , is a movie that have suspense because you want to know ho survey , in the movie someone love someone and protect each others , is very cute but on the 3 movies they are bad moments with the family , capitals , Friends , etc .
Maybe the day itself would n't be extraordinary , but , for sure , she will remember it all her life .
The best way to keep ourselves safe is to keep our Facebook profiles private .
Since 2010 my town has tried to include some changes to boost the town .
I would like to invite you to the celebration of my birthday in two weeks .
And finally , I am kind of person who is responsible , well - organised and optimistic .
Another problem is that the citizen of Trieste do n't pay attention at the ambiental problems of their city .
It could reflect 16th century London was a melting point of different cultures and Shakespeare probably got in touch Italian culture by making friends with those local visitors .
In my opinion , we need a more convenient life but also to maintain a certain balance .
Moreover , in a position as a Medical Writer I wrote scientific documents for clients in the pharmaceutical industry .
On the other hand , modern citizens like to be part of green revolution and carbon footprint has an effect in everyday decision making .
The primary outcome is the increasing temperature , and this leads to melting glaciers .
So , I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
Luckily Sarah was fine due to the woman who was walking behind them had called the ambulance at once .
Even after your arrival , you will have your own car to go here & there fleetly & freely whenever you like so you have a flexible schedule .
Nowadays , the majority of teenagers are not so close with their families as they used to be and mostly they are farther apart from their parents .
It turned out that a bus hit a lorry just in front of us .
I live in Valpolicella , a famous land for the wine , and I had already worked in a four stars hotel for high school .
So big names try to go somewhere without guards , without make ups to show themselves to cause some juicy gossip about them to gain famous in the easiest way .
Public water buses and private water taxis run 24 hours a day although less frequently at night .
His attention to detail appeared to be trust worthy and correct , and normally his attention to detail is not something that is challenged because of how reliable he is .
Looking for a job in Viet Nam is not easy for a foreigner like you now .
He had given me a great opportunity to grow as a beginner singer to sing during a concert and his guidance as a teacher is something that I will always appreciate .
Although driving by car is less safe than using public transport at present , driving will be safe .
Friendship today is friend or friends for each season and reason while friendship of the past has been whatever the situation or time a friend stands through .
Luckily , he remembered he had the dragon costume and he wore it .
So Peter had to make a choice : going at the lesson or waiting his father for getting to take the milk with the car ?
In light of the forgoing discussion , it appears to be true that the internet is an incredible aspect toward globalisation even in daily news worldwide .
In the future , cars would be so cheap than everyone will have one , thus , it will take up the end of the public transport .
Not only it is the popular place among young Polish citizens , but also it is very extraodrinary : people can walk the red carpet and drink the most famous drinks .
Do you suddenly lose confidence when you have to speak to someone ?
What is really special about this little village is the Christian brotherhood , living there more than 1000 years .
The conflict was due to trend creation , citizens between both countries wanted to see who created better and bigger trends .
In addition , visit new countries and meet new cultures , helps to open your mind and to foster a lot .
There are a comercial zone along the widest street of the city where you can find all kind of establishments : banks , bars , chemists , cinemas , pet shops , restaurants , fast food restaurants , groceries , travel agencies , supermarkets and others .
Cars are a good way of saving time especially when waiting for public transport , mainly , buses .
In additions , I want to say that I always try to do all my duties with responsibility .
Katniss the protagonist is a teenage girl 16 which is forced to poach to feed his family since his father died
Hence , I conclude that television entertains as well as educates .
It is one of the best places in our town where teenagers can develop their artistic skills .
Secondly , many people argue that the society has experienced a great changes in the family life .
In my opinion , staying alone means that you have something to think about , for example to think about our deeds .
After a few kilometer , you will find a bus stop but Metro stations are built only in major areas .
My name is Stela , I am 36 years old and my English is very good .
One day I visit my friend Jimmy in New York city , he was a young man who was specialist on trains and tourism , he talked about how the citizens and the commuters move from one place to another , he told me that the grand central terminal was the largest terminal of the city , he show me were the landmarks of the big apple were so sightseers could go , he show me the city and we went to different parts first he took me to Columbus circle in the south west corner of central park were there were the most expensive apartments then we went to the lake were the jogging tracks that circle the lake area popular with early morning visitors , then we went to the museum of natural history that was located near the metropolitan museum of art then I got focal on the subway trains so we went to Grand central terminal when we arrive I was amazed to see many people going to work so he told me that it was conveniently for people to use the train because is very fastest and for the government it was a grat economic business then he told me that one of the characteristics of
" Let me in ! I 'm the Easter Bunny " .
Then they went to the dead man 's car and put him in there .
All dishes are served with a careful presentation , are highly creative and very attractive to the eye .
From that moment , there was panic and chaos all over the city .
This means borders are getting thinner and thinner , and cultures more and more similar .
My parents took me to TOYS R US to get what I wanted .
In conclusion I would like to say that the learning of another language will be always important for today 's people and new generation too and in addition it will increase need to communicate in another language .
That 's why Italy is such an interesting and historical country .
This is Iqra . I am from Karachi , Pakistan .
I 'm writing to you to tell you that I will go to your home next month , I hope that you stay at home because I need your help , I will bought a present for Mary and I do not know what is her favourite coluor ,
But can you imagine that in the near , unspecified future all homes will be like that ?
I ca n't think of any one reason why I want to be a surgeon .
Do n't make a goal that you ca n't reach , or you will lose your confidence soon .
This idea will create the atmosphere to tell us a story about crime and passion .
We need to embrace the advances of technology and we will be free of those terrible experiences .
This is because people who have a good sense of humor can bring joy for others .
I meet lots of people every day and I have the chance to talk to smart people .
I live in Stocksund with my mom Anna - Karin and in Djursholm with my dad Lukas and my little brother Jonathan .
Because the more people use the Internet , the greater the chances are of people misusing it .
For my town , there are many regulations that are forced by the municipality and environment ministry , such as preventing animals like ( sheeps , horses , cows .. etc ) , from being in the town and in the population areas .
Would it be enough for a two - week course in England ?
" I would say stop the arrogance by my cousins " said Michael to your friend and thought to steal the keys of one of their millionar house and take a party with his friend .
I was able to utilize my marketing skills to assist the organization in their goal to promote SEO .
If you too have got a dog and want to teach him something useful , take him here every Sunday morning and a trainer will teach him how to save people from drowning and your friend will become a lifeguard !
In our research , the cognition verbs have been the most common inside of the group of the mental ones followed by the affection ones , which is quite normal when describing a love relationship
In conclusion , I can not tell whether or not the control of the people 's houses and furniture will bring any help in today 's society , as we are only hypothetically speaking , without any form of testing , however it does have its strong and weak points .
If you would like to ask something or get to know more information about some place just let me know .
I 'm completely sure that 50 years from now we will still be living on Earth , although our life styles will have changed a lot .
In the morning program , the kids have enjoyed playing football , soccer ball , basketball and water ball .
he said bad words that he will regret saying these words .he went to his room .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Today is the day . I have been told that I will be moving to my new apartment .
The enthusiastic and clever Elizabeth stands out among them striving to put everything in a broader perspective .
What is more , shopping may affect our mood or even body in a bad way .
Instead of taking your seat right home , you need to go to a more or less far place in order to take a public transport , and wait for the time it is scheduled to arrive .
Starring Italian comic Roberto Begnini ( who also wrote and directed the movie ) in the main role of Guido , this live loving tragic / comedy it 's about a Jewish father trying to shield his young son from the horrors of the nazims in the Italy of Mussolini .
Throughout the marketing and advertising , we want to encourage young people who enjoy surfing the dissemination of the best beaches of this city to practice it with others that may have .
For instance , older people or the ones with disabilities have great difficult to use the metro system because of the number of stairs .
I discovered Pilates 2 years ago and began with a old Bejar dancer .
Finally , for our car to work , we need to fill them with fuel , which is expensive .
Because I want to improve my language skills I want to go with you on a camp .
We also made brilliant mini statues of a type of dinosaur , I did the T - Rex and my mate assembled a Raptor .
We stayed there all the afternoon , talking and laughing like we had been friends for ages .
All in all , I strongly believe that shopping is not enjoyable by the vast majority .
For those who are looking for cheap , but practical clothes I will recommend to go to one of the shopping malls of the capital .
I do n't like horrors because they always have a bad impact on my mood .
The first section will show the definition of sales promotion as an introduction .
We watch mercilessly how celebrities topple from their thrones and even find pleasure in that .
Then we had to follow the instructions in the booklet to make the synthesizer .
Firstly as everybody know the cost of the fuel is increasing more and more , adding to those the bill that own a car will bring , it became immediately clear that it is cheaper go around by public transport .
As we were talking , the new ecological movement is every time more powerful and charismatic , due to that , bikes are also increasing their role in the new age , there are also linked to the new fashion way to be hipster .
Such large - scale building projects has created a large amounts of problems for both human beings and animals .
I really recommend every young people to visit there once when you have time although it might be better to avoid the weekends
In addition , not only putting things in order but also well - organized planning are helpful to manage times .
If nobody talks to me than none of you have the right to judge me .
First , I can travel by my own car whenever and wherever I want .
Perhaps I think that this statement is false because I think that statement should say that the the public transport is going to have in the future because travelling by car is not so much more convenient .
Secondly , the article states that this hydrogen use will solve pollution problems , inasmuch as it does not use carbon dioxide , but water .
In Blink , Weeping angels ' uncanny traits and awkward backgrounds in the drama make audience have a scary and unfamiliar sensation .
second , all you have to do is warm your body , if you do n't warm it before the race you might hurt yourself .
My English is improvable but by speaking I hope that I 'll do it well .
It is a fun , culturally - enriching experience which I recommend anyone interested in going beyond the competitive aspect of sports to engage .
They need to create a new lifestyle habit to reduce the obesity and have a better body image , they should have a healthy eating , and physical activity .
Fortunately , we discovered the real policy this party has and is really coming under fire .
After the show I had the chance to meet the band members .
NANY 'S has party dresses and wonderful shoes that you can use on special occasions .
work in your own company is very challenging because you deal with a lot of areas , manage all departments and learn about busines , management , economics , sales , engineering , tecnical support and other skills .
When it comes to our environment , the use of transport could be a solution for reducing the emission of CO2 .
I am writing to apply for the job in summer camp advertised on February 9th on local newspaper .
That is why ; I could accommodate the phrase by Franklin saying that " the knowledge can not be killed by people because the knowledge is infinite . "
I am writing to you in order to apply for the position of a camp assistant in Summer Fun Ltd.
In the case of workers , I would like to have accommodation given by the company .
It took years for people to recognize that their sense of smell and vision were not reliable judges of water quality .
But excluding cases like mine : flying is the fastest , the most safe and often the cheapest way to travel .
I advise young kids to train hard and play football because there 's a lot of fun .
I also got an cat her name is chelsea .My favorite food is fillet of beef , scallops and maybe sushi .
Secondly , if I need money I will come back to my brother or sister I ask them to borrow some money .
Are you still in Barcelona ? We can meet up next month because I will have holidays .
But if you are beginner , it 's better for you to attend regular yoga classes .
More than that , the car is always there when you need it .
In addition , as it is smaller than a car , parking becomes much less complicated .
I want to turn to his hobbies , when he is n't working , he is riding on a bike ,
I realized that you will make a concession if you do not improve after take part in School Aquathon and saw others got improved but not just me .
Therefore , include garlic in the diet can really be beneficial for health as some cultures believed .
30th October works for Renata to meet in Berlin .
There is about 14 workers in the shop , divided in 2 groups with different schedule each one .
After that , we can go at cafe and take some good coffee .
The ordinary result of the big effort I had exerted in my university to have good job in my specialization like a lawyer .
We all walk down the same path because this is how it is meant to be .
In a world of increasing environmental awareness improved public transport represents the way of the future .
His mother does n't know about this , but she is worried about him .
Visiting museum is undoubtedly a good way to konw about a country , but not a best way anymore .
I am from Sweden but I have been living in Barcelona since I was young .
You just have to search on Youtube and you 'll find a lot of videos .
The team is not very famous but I know in the future will be .
I really enjoy because give me a lot of relax and it help me to be tonic and satisfied myself .
Usually children go to kindergarten up to 5 years old , and after that they start preschool .
I think that it is efficient when there is a combination of traditional education and interactive learning .
All what you need is a driving licence , a car and a little bit luck that there is no traffic .
Many times reading my own poems and articles is a surprising experience . "
A grammar test shows knowledge about the language , whereas alternative assessment shows learners ' ability to efficaciously use the language in the context of a real situation .
For instance , when I hear that another English teacher finished Unit 5 and I am still at Unit 4 I feel incompetently .
One of the major reasons for this problem is wars especially in the Arab countries like Syria , Libya and Yemen .
In general , shopping is associated with something pleasant , but unfortunately this is not always true .
Most of the countries enjoy such intertwining that could be considered as a new type of music .
However , the city has taken various steps and measures to keep it clean and green .
I like travelling with my family and friends , I like travelling because I can meet new people , places and cultures .
On the other hand , when we think about the currently program 's style , even those shown on paid tv , it seems that nothing has changed .
Sitting in any table you have a wonderful view of the sea .
It was not an easy task to find a new accommodation and relocate over a thousand people .
When they enter in the dressmaker market , Lucresia was n't there .
You 'll need to take the underground from the airport to the central train station .
However , one should take into account that a school with similar values to the ones of the parents would be a great help in the children raising process .
You see man , I do n't like crowded roads , a nd prefere to travel by tram .
Then I returned to Kuwait , to set at home till I find work or may get a chance to continue my higher education ( doctorate ) ....
My hair are browns and my eyes are dark . I will arrive in the Central Station at eleven o'clok and I will wear a read cot and a yellow scarf .
Although not very practical , the show is fun to watch as it brings out the Indian values and at the same time teaches the importance of women being independent and able to lead life on their own .
The building is open from 9:00 to 19:00 every day .
Then in the preparation process , skilled machinists prepare of metal plates for printing .
The last CD I bought was Britney Jean by Britney Spears .
In surveys , it was asked if consumers would rather buy brand products or no name products .
The first one was based on profit orientation of the entrepreneur in the test .
It is certainly a pleasure to write and also reading what I have written , after a long time .
If we lived there , we would eat healthier food with no chemicals , what it 's good .
If the decision is made by central authorities , the most obvious advantage is that the estimation for students ' grades could be standardized in the whole country .
To me he is greater than any rock star squared .
My carer horse is named Wiggins but he 's called Viggo .
Last day , I gave her a photo that was our first hang out and we hugged each other , she gave me a present and called me to keep it for her .
I choose option A : I think it is a good idea for children to travel on public transit .
Ways to collect and record information for future generations
I have already done volunteer work and it 's something I want to do again .
Negaticvs about the online lerning are dat your not listening to much from ea real person and more from a Computer , if you do nt have any listening things in the app you do nt lern how to pronounce the words . in my personal obinionits better to lern froma teacher not only dat you lern to pronounce the words correctly you also lern from a personwhat is in my opinion way better i thin k we spend enougth time on smart phones so i do nt think its the best if we use them to lern as well .
There are many reasons for using alternative assessment techniques : learners demonstrate things learned , take responsibility , motivation may increase and they have the opportunity to use language for actual purposes .
Of course I might go to a few different shops , but without driving license travelling is tough task .
You can go to the shopping , to the halfpipes , to the skateparks and you can do a lot of other cool things with your friends but in the countryside no .
On the other hand , by increasing the population we should revise the regulation with the fast pace of technology .
It sounded like a quite good challenge for me so after finishing the then lessons I quickly sat down and started writing .
Going straight to the wardrobe , he opened its door .
They assured Anna that she will be granted success due to her knowledge and diligence .
I propose to have a meeting to discuss the process / timeline and align our communications to the marketing and sales community .
The clients benefit of professional coaches , who train them in order to perform the exercises correctly .
They want to skip this day and move to Easter Sunday- the day of happiness and renewal .
These are some ideas to enjoy shopping while you are visiting our city but there are much more to discover !
As I mentioned above I have experience in camps , I speak English so I just want an opportunity for show you .
Another thing about this restaurant is that it is cheap , about 20E per person .
Actually the teenagers are right because younger parents have a stronger relationship with their children .
Children quite often feel guilty of can not avoid these troubles or help their mothers to escape from them and tend to think they are doing something wrong when they obviously do not .
These results are interesting because Weeping Angels are not the old adversaries of Doctor , like the Daleks exterminating all organic and inorganic things in the whole universe or the Cybermen transforming all living things into cyborg .
In second place , there are very important people , and they want to have a lot of money .
Honestly , I asked myself , if I would like to be his future wife .
The parks are full of greenery ; these parks also used as playground for children .
In the third place , this year Cáceres is the capital of the gastronomy in Spain .
Nowadays , society tends to prejudge others just because of their actions and without knowing the real motive of the behaviour .
Then we may have no choice but to use public transport as much as we can for travel .
Tired of having their house destroyed , the landlords decided to build a new house on the hill , so they would n't be molested by floods anymore .
Change is never easy and being able to try new things is indeed a valuable trait for one to have , however I do not have such traits .
This year he found a good trainer and 6 months training made him fully ready for this race .
I'M GOING TO GIVE YOU SOME INFORMATION ABOUT PUBLIC TRANSPORT IN NAPLES AND I HOPE THEY'LL BE USEFUL .
My wife is a very special person to me , I like her very mush .
It started when I was a little child , and it 's what I do .
So you decided to keep the cat must be the best , you can spend more time with the cat .
It 's not all the time that we are in good terms , but we know to ourselves that we care for each other .
What is more , if you want to get rid of depression or stress - go to the gym .
There was the only problem : I can not communicate well in English and I was really shy about it .
Quite often in the shopping centre is not enough air and as the result you can get a headache or just feel bored .
In conclusion , from my point of view , public transport is more necessary now than never before , cities contains more automoviles and the pollution is worse , we need to change our mind , and try to use them as other alternative to improve the enviromment of our cities .
It is argued in the listening passage that untrained volunteers could harm the native frogs which are endangered .
Also allows that researches can be share easily or for example you can get information about environmental problems that can affect you as we 'll so you can react faster and make some changes .
It is clear that habitats for all kinds of wildlife are vanishing as the bio - diversity decreases .
On 25th January 2013 , Vrinda came in to my life .
For example American public transport has a special line and a schedule and it works like a train , I mean come in exact time like a train .
Because of its unlimited potential , robotics will be used far more widely in the future .
At the last of the video , the screen shows a tagline and the website of Trivago .
But will people 's lives really change so dramatically in the next 50 years ?
First of all , my opinion is that there is a future for the public transport systems .
In my opinion it is one of the healthiest sport there are beacuse you can train not only your body but you can also develop your breath .
Lastly , when a wrong example is set , this can influence behaviour in a negative way , because they 'll try to act to this wrong example .
Nevertheless , some people treat shopping too seriously and as a result become addicted to it .
Taking care of environment is everyone 's duty and it must be performed responsibly .
I 'm writing to you because I want to tell you about my experience .
Although I only know dishes from my country , I could learn more about your meal because cooking is one of my favourite hobbies .
" The sun of Russian poetry " , Alexander Pushkin takes his English lessons for the sake of being able to read Shakespeare .
Without law , this world that we are living in will not be in order and peace , but in chaos .
This can be easy only when you are determined to achieve what you want .
I reach home at 13:00 then I take my lunch and relax for an hour .
You should consider that large and being untouchable TV is what you must find in one .
That woman knows how to put a smile on kid 's face .
The gym is nice and comfortable , but newer machines should be bought to replace some of the machines that are actually in use .
We can discover new ways of travelling , take more care of our public transport and modernise them , so people would be motivated to travel by .
I am 45 years old man and I have plenty of experience in working with people .
It was midsummer and my mum was outside on the terrace .
Even if I have a cold , I will get out and will run 4 - 5 km .
Nowadays lots of people are discussing the problems of life in the next 50 years . in 50 years ,
In conclusion , making a speech contributes on our social relasionships and it allows us to define our personality .
She looked around the kitchen and saw a post - it on the fridge . '
The best place i ever have been on is an island in the east archipelago in Sweden .
It has such a quick growth that it 's impossible to predict how much transformation it will suffer .
In later time , society feel the need for change about iniquities that pass in the country and the Mexican Revolution explotes , the building is abandoned because the government and country do nt have money for construction , to the point the building metal estructure was used as weapons .
The other problems is about the offered excursions : You promised a number of attractions , but two ( the walk up to the mountain as well as the visit of a historic castle ) were not available .
Where I live now I noticed that have the opportunity to recycling the waste because it is a posh area .
A must for all tourists although they do n't want to buy anything is the oldest shopping centre in the country .
That is more than a quarter of the time in a day !
Peter had already called an ambulance 30 minutes ago but it seemed that they could n't find them .
The only reason I want to recommend this movie to you is because I want you to forget about all the action , thrilling , money making or good fighting evil .
How we treat the earth has a direct impact on ourselves .
So they would not appreciate it if there were suddenly restrictions put on them .
Monica and me called out her name and we slapped her face .
To sum up , in this town you can find all sorts of shops .
It is true that young people are required to help their communities by their schools or companies .
He also referred to the recent action of the Turkish authorities on sudden introduction of new requirements to the expiration of foreign passports .
Since I joined the yoga studio , I have made a lot of new friends .
The movie requires from us to be strongly concentrated on what is going on and I find it to be one of mostly conceiving factors for those who still have some objections .
It 's my pleasure to be part of you here , my major is actually not relevant to social Sciences , I really want to learn more about the research methodology of social sciences .
Furthermore , some departments of police in the USA used Facebook to share a vídeo of a felony with the expectancy to identify the suspects and their followers were apt to say something about the incident in return to the publication .
Campo de Marte " is one of the few places in Lima where you can practise athleticism professionally .
Besides , the price of petrol is increasing too , and it likely will be as expensive that most people not be able to afford a car .
If time period is long enough , like minute , we can see strict distinction between one and two .
Back to Brazil , during college I started researching and writing about economics .
When I started they were of 3 and 6 years old and I loved to prepare crafts to do with them and usually I had to give them dinner .
It means Thirteenth day of spring , on this day people going picnic and spent the day out of their homes on the nature because they believe that Thirteen number that brings bad luck for them .
I 'll try to describe for you an ordinary daily menu in my country .
People should first recognize that searching information these days is much more convenient than in the past .
I 'd like to add that television can be the refuge of a person if it 's sad or the break of someone 's on its free time .
There could be many reasons that lead to the need to learn new languages but , the advantages are vast .
First one is individual sports and in this kind you practice your game alone and you are the only player on your team .
But he immediately thought - why not continue doing what I love while I do something new?-
There may be a significant number of arguments which support the statement that fame is a good thing .
As aliens did n't kidnap me I did not travel all around the galaxy during this vacations week .
A few weeks ago I went into apple 's store , so that I bought a new mobile phone , it is awesome because it has reliable tools which allows me doing my daily working .
The apartments in the cities are much more expensive and the people prefer to travel in their car .
On the other hand , there are more places to visit , as the Coliseum or something else .
Charlie thought that if he was taller he might be able to take a picture .
As you know , my hobby is go to movie so you can image that how happy I am when I got this job .
I am some experience in this kind of job as I worked in a restaurant for two years .
Therefore , for me , writing in English , now , is more important than ever .
The right choice of means of transport makes a big impact on your time and resources .
With this belief , we endeavor to keep our city as clean and attractive as possible .
Yes it will and I hope that we will improve our thought and we will have the cosciousness that we are not " supreme " and that we will never have the right of imposing us in the world .
Besise this , it tries to give us a real idea of what an innocent child may do to help people without being told the real truth .
Hence , he needs oxygen supply to prevent any airway obstruction .
With all his hurt heart , he told his two friends about the matter .
When someone greatly admires a person , they will try to behave like them .
Ailee was banished to the forest at the age of 16 .
It is also true that these kinds of requirements really work , and many communities are benefited .
I have my cousin 's wedding the next month too , so I am very excited .
This restaurant specializes in southeast Asian cuisine and it is called The Chai .
I would be grateful if you could send me further details about this job .
If it is unspeakably for public readings , thus mention in the email .
No future for public transport is one of the worst things in our life .
On one hand , it is true that leaving school means passing from the basis to your future profession .
The young generations in our society are participating in a massive , unintentional social experiment the results of which are not entirely predictable .
As you know I am a person who likes sport and music , but if I have to decide which of those activity are more important then I would prefer sport .
If this will also be the case for out future , then I think that today we underestimate our future .
While attending my labs , he showed himself as an active and hard - working student .
Moreover residents have become more conscious after they have read the leaflets which explain the importance of respect the environment .
Some parents would grasp in horror and reject it when their child asks them if he can keep a pet with him , whereas other parents would be more than happy to let their children have a pet .
The story tell us the story of Monica(Scarlett Johansson ) and her routine living in " Cretacro " an enormous mysterious island located in the Pacific Ocean , the problem starts when Monica fell in love with Martin .
To begin with , I agree with you that technology sometimes makes the educational process easier and more pleasant in this way that students have no idea that they broaden their knowledge .
This innovative center has a lot of first - class facilities for young people .
When I was a child I used to spend thousands hours playing football , anywhere I could .
For example during a foorball match if you wrong is n't too important because you have a team which can remedy , evin if ypu do nothing .
For all these reasons , I feel that I have a lot to offer your summer camp .
One of the things she knew about him is that Michael loves to surprise , that 's why she wants to surprised him too .
In Dickens ' novels Realism allows the readers to know how tough London society was in that period .
In my opinion people will travel by public transport more frenquely , because this type of transport is less expensive , more trustworthy and even more ecological than travelling by car .
One of the things that I feel stressed are the finals exams , because I have to study for all the classes and sometimes I am very confused with my notes .
To sum up , I believe that the public transport has no future because it makes you to waste a lot of time , it is not enough developed in small areas and there is not enough frequency of trains and buses .
Journalilst and paparazzi constantly follow them and try to catch them in a stupid situation and enhance ath the cost of them .
Rise your nose from your phone , and look at all these nice things that the life is giving us .
And is this always a good influence , or should adults interfere less with the behaviour of younger people ?
After that , western clothes became popular in Japan , the recycling system was forgot for a long time .
Traffic jams always happen in the rush hours when there are so many cars on the road .
There are some old people who are interested to know how work technology , but others who are not interested at all .
but do n't be afraid if your budget is quite limited because we have some places where you can find great colections with 50% off .
I read in an ad on the internet that young people are asked to amuse sick children and I 'd be really happy to tear them a smile !
I will be able to show you and your friends the most interesting places in my area .
While doing these activities , teenagers will easily make new friends and develop new skills .
But today , I have to do it , I have to solve my problem , manage money , wash clothes by myself .
First of all , family members are those who will keep in touch forever , so they know our habits the most .
In conclusion the public transport is very good and if it desapear it will be a big problem , is right that some times you need a private transport but apart from that the public transport is very use by people of all ages .
I have been to several places during the holiday , including airport , Mui Wo , West Kowloon Cultural District , etc .
After dinner , we saw an interesting show of Balinese dance and music .
I am looking forward to discussing this and other eligibility in an interview with you .
I believe that every human , organization and company has their own rights and it is in my duty to use my legal knowledge to help them from infringement of their rights .
Although there was an oral tradition , the knowledge was accommodated to the political and religious thought of the speaker ; so , the most efficient and objective way to transmit the knowledge was by books and it was not possible because of the burning .
On the one hand , global warming is a result of many emitted toxic gases .
I hope you consider me and I look forward to hearing from you soon .
The Yakimeshi , the sushi and all the dished was like a taste of the real Japan .
As the saying goes " A friend in need is a friend indeed " .
My town is one of the cleanest towns in my country , the authorities have been arranged amny procedures to ensure that the town keeps clean at the same time be environmentally friendly procedures .
That way of thinking could bring us a better world without homeless people .
Beginning in one of the complete parts that I preferred and liked I 'm going to write about the Ice age .
A civil servant called him to go to a next room to speak with him .
Pleasure to work at concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see different classes of people with different ages starting from the young and the elderly who forget all your worries and enjoy the same concert as if not and be separate .
Little known is what was the role played by music in his life and how was his relationship with it previous to his first deed .
In this hour , many people turn off the light in their house to save energy and protect environment .
Everyone says that our lifes are going to change in the future but that is what everyone says .
To sum up , teachers , skills and talent are more important for learning mathematics .
She 's an Indian teenage girl and fights for education all over the world .
Nowadays environmental pollution is also important that 's why public transport should be promoted as environmentally friendly way of transport .
The location of the restaurant is fantastic , just in the centre of the city , and with plenty of space for parking .
As for pollution it refers , in spite of to have a decent public transport , Granada is one of the worst cities of Spain .
Some of my most satisfying experiences as a teacher have come from helping struggling students to grasp difficult concepts , through a combination of individual conferences , class activities , and group discussion .
Not only people in countries where it has poor public transportation but also the most developed countries , there is a high tendency of using cars instead of depending on public transportation .
" Never would have I thought that I 'll go out of my house and come back as almost an accousher ... " thought Peter when he was driving back home .
This is some intimate stuff I 'm sharing with you my teacher .
It is an activity that goes according to the capacity of each one , that doing it each morning improvement our health and move away all the bad of our body .
On Easter time the important thing is to consecrate Christian tradition on the contrary , the pagan spring festival does n't focous on consecration but rather on celebration
We do everything to make our town more green , our citizens always have new ideas that make the difference of our daily life .
After all , she is very kind - hearted and always helps us have a good living .
Every sport focus on some parts of the body , however basketball is the most complete sport .
The best thing about football is that it 's a fun sport to play .
Hope you enjoyed your reading , I think this is what you maybe want to know about me !
Then it 's better to concentrate of learning and we do n't feel any pressure or stress connected with asking and tests .
We stayed in Zacatecas like a week we really had a good time .
The public transport is a way to reduce the air pollution because it can carry more than a dozen times the people in a time and reduce their own vehicle .
However , nobody has everything they dreamed ; it is normal , that always in our lives something would be annoy us .
Some people say there is no future for public transportation but I do n't think so .
To illustrate , machineries and the use of fertilisers in agriculture have helped to develop massproduction and raise the availability and quantity of various types of food , having made them cheaper and more affordable .
When acceding to these jobs is not through civil service exams , I think there are only two ways : influences or flattery ; and to be honest I do n't know what I prefer .
Roughly speaking , there are three causes of pressure .
In conclusion , public transport is a cost - effective way for people to travel , which also contributes to the sustainable development of society .
I worked voluntarily for some cases about Juvenile justice like ( speedy disposal of cases , abuse of their rights while they were under custody , custodial death etc . )
I am writing to join English course in your school to improve my English and help me to find my job .
I also speak Spanish and Portuguese due to the fact that I have family in both countries .
The restaurant is beautiful , it 's of a normal size , with many space and very well decorated , you have many photos and paints to see .
Have we not lived and learned the skills in a group , especially in school , we will not be skilled before entering the society .
I loved my job there and if I only had an opportunity to do it again , I definitely would .
In my opinion everyone 's life will have a great improvement , from the economic point of view but also from the social and cultural one .
At his 5th day of his trip , he hiked a very high mountain , but weirdly he never seen any people .
This was demonstrated during the Project Introductions session as well as lecture notes , client interview task and client feedback ( which is worth 25 points in the total mark ) .
If you want to visit a restaurant , I would suggest the Dagi .
For new tennis players I recommend to know how to hold the racket , the position to hit the ball and how to put your feet .
Firstly , I am a vegetarian and I do n't have much choice of vegetables .
I am going to write about how live is going to change in the next 50 years .
Gradually , people of the city are getting cautious with respect to the environment and they are trying best of them to keep it clean and safe .
The story tell us the importance of the perfume in all aspects of our lifes .
Now we can observe people moving around the city using bikes , underground , public transport , and cars .
I 'm 18 years old and I 'm a final year secondary school student .
Secondly , shopping can make you upset because of something you can not afford .
Several student bands played and a variety of food was available !
To sum up , there are lot of cleary strong arguments for against keeping animals in zoo .
So , if technology continues to advance as it has done until now , lifestyle will change too .
One day dreant that I were a millionaire , I bought a huge detached house surrounded by tall trees in a beautiful city , maybe in a city like Seville .
Although it provides students with lots of advantages , not everything is as good as it sounds .
More efficient production means cheaper goods , and by providing them cheaper the consumer now has the ability to purchase more of these goods .
So , the schools and the educational institutions in general have to update the way they teach .
On the other hand , Cáceres are divided in two main areas , the new city , which has modern and high buildings .
At dawn the man goes out from the cavern and look at the sky to see if there was the bird of prey .
Another very good option is exploring Brazil 's Northeast , as beautiful as Rio de Janeiro is .
After a while I started shaking - I was alone in a forest !
And the topic of people 's view can be approached from different angles due to its complexity .
Sometimes the lesson was hard , but the staff there praised him when he did well .
Back in the 40 's , Cairo was considered as one of the cleanest and the friendly environmental city around the world , Even cleanest than Paris or other cities in Europe .
In conclusion , my opinion is that the personality is more important than the clothes we wear , but everybody has his own life and a choice to decide what she wants .
( 4 ) seek consensus on a Code of Conduct in the East China Sea .
I really ca n't understand why chess is considered to be sport and Skat is n't .
Actually , in my life I consider it as a king of my system who controls whole of my day .
The advantages of learning English abroad are the everyday practice , which you should have if you are in an English country and all the people who you get to know from all the world .
I chose this movie because it is my favourite cartoon and I can watch with my children .
However , I ca n't go to bed early because I have to prepare my homework for tomorrow 's school .
It was not only the first class that I had to speak out in class .
If you like adventurers , well , he is the right man for you .
Well , in my hometown there is about a little more than half a million people .
Even though you have to study vocabulary and expressions , the grammar is easy to understand and you can be able to do simple sentences in a few days .
First of all , I have to show you our theatre and if you want to , we can go on an art .
I live here with my wonderful family based on my mum Aylin , my dad Tom , my two really annoying brothers Hans and Oliwer , and my two cats Tiger and Smilla .
Moreover , there are good scene settings to make people not blink by immersing audience in that situation .
" Did you think you two were going to make fun of me? ... "He pushed her backwards
Since I have full - time job I could join you at weekends .
However , there 's still a more important area to have a good knowledge about - personal finance .
To his surprised , Amber and the manager of this restaurant had already stood in front of the door .
Actually , this sport is very healthy , so some doctors are recomending this type of sport .
Equally important , a car requires maintenance and it shall be another expense that the owner has to cover .
He also broached a subject of the Eurasian Community development , noting that it 's very important if it 's developing to the equality or dominance .
The ticket does nt cost to mutch and it is avaible for the majority of the people at least comparing to buying a car .
Formula 1 it is also dangerous sport , the driver are exposed to the risk of accident at high speed .
Undoubtedly , all the factors are responsible for the soil water shortage and decreasing precipitation .
By the way , the public transport is not so convenient , because at a certain hours you can not find bus .
Furthermore , as a former scout I have necessary skills in organizing different sports games and I am familiar with wide range of evening activities .
Alison quickly wiped the remains of the person 's sweat with her hands .
He started to be very rude and sometimes he treated Kate like an inferior girl .
Thinking of it as a dream creates innocence and vulnerability .
a lot of commodities , this is ta reason of why there are not future for public transportation , people do not wanna spend few time walking to the bus station or tu get a cab , although the service in the public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab driver refers to the persons , the way of the bus or cab drivers drives , etc .
The pollution has a negative contribution to the environment .I saw on television that wild birds are healthier in rural area than birds from urban area .
It 's a kind of a social network , but it differs a bit from ordinary networks .
Anyway , I 'll wait for a message to tell me when you are arriving .
You need to use your muscles in your stomach to stay in the right position .
Nowadays I 'm really grateful to my parents because they have spent money for me and I have to thanks them .
Where , for God 's sake , had the money gone ? !
We at Madhura Nagar , understand the need of protecting the environment and hence are committed to what we do .
Michael had already woken up when his mother 's alarm clock started ringing .
To stop the change is impossible That would be against Nature and against ourselves .
Thank God I did n't jumped or I would have been a ' dead duck ' for sure !
The main reason is the convenience of travelling by cars in comparison with using public transport .
Maleficent is sad and she does apologies and she kisses Aurora .
Here are lots of tings to do , you can swim , go on a road trip , visit the zoo and go for a walk .
I think we must be down to earth and creative to cut down our daily trash 's production .
With thousand years of built and fight for the liberty of our nation , we can be proud of our history .
I started to feel bored with complementary courses on my curriculum because there were the kind of courses that did n't have any help to my university career which is mainly about System Engineering , and I was required to take complementary courses such as Ecology , Laws , and so on .
Soccer is the best sport for me because you can get fit , meet other people and participate on competitions .
Nevertheless Today I usually go to the cinema when I really want to watch a particular film .
However in practice there are some limitations such as , switch on - resistance and various power losses that prevent achieving 100% Drain Efficiency .
This year 's Charity Fun Day was brilliant and we raised lots of money .
Smoking appeals to hearts of many people of different generations , because it gives a fast relief for a short period of time , that is also quite reasonable .
There is not enough space for your legs and you often do not get a seat .
After my awareness of what was happening in our natural resources , I am very glad to have been doing my part .
However , walking distances in the hotel are way too far for families with young children .
although it will be over cost in full , car service and effort of concentration on driving all of this negativity you can avoid it easily by using public transportation , it should be cheaper than using your own car you do not have to look after it you can do activities wail you are on it like reading or chatting with your friends or having important phone call
The game starts with a ball at the centre of the field and them one of the two teams kicks it .
Moreover , the most annoying is the last stage of buying goods - waiting in queues in order to pay .
At present , many people think that English is the world language and it is absolutely an essential skill to communicate with other countries people .
It 's not easy for me to talk about myself , but I 'll give my best .
A few examples are : from my point of view and it seems to me .
It is so fascinating for me to build up a relationship to the horse you ride .
If the people travelled more often in public transport we would n't pollute so much .
It takes place in the middle of the village where there are enough space for the spectators .
Nowadays it 's common to think that travelling by car is much more conventient than travelling by public transport but it 's no true at all .
Prior to the automobile , is the horse and wagon life , it is not feasible for people to live far from their place of work .
Anyway , if you knew beforehand your odds of winning it would n't be so thrilling .
First of all let me to introduce my town I live in Kabul city the capital of Afghanistan .
It needs to utilities some strategies to increase its brand awareness and the information about its services toward its customers in order to achieve the promotional objectives .
I 'm writing in regard to the watch Fossil FS4735 , similar to FS4812 but with different colours .
She had always been level - headed and tried to come up with a plan .
About my CV you have , it is up to date and you can keep it , maybe you have some new offer that patches better with my profile .
In general houses could have open space , a lot of windows and light everywhere .
Anyway I hope I will get the job and I am able to attend an interview at half past nine on Saturday .
I am extremely interested in prosperity of your company and distribution of your goods all over the world .
They threaten all the people cruelly so all the sightseers were angry with them .
Regarding the work conditions , thank you for providing meals and accommodation and I willing to take the costs of the flight .
ROMEO AND JULIET , Franco Zeffirelli ( 1968 )
That is why the predominant colour in McDonald 's is red likewise in some other cafes and restaurants .
I 'd chosen a method of teaching that was not suitable for the group .
There are Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , shopping centre and the most exciting is to buy chocolates .
Lucy , Molly , and their parents , a cowboy , and a teacher .
First of all public transport is far more convenient for people in big cities .
Therefore , advertising successfully combines other types of art to influence the subconscious and human behavior .
I like to drive moped because I love speed , and its fun to go out and drive with your friends to a sea or maybe a BBQ party .
The electric bus is an option in many countries as a way to improve the environment .
We managed to raise much more money for a good cause than we hoped to raise .
I work on a part - time job , so I am free on Monday and Wednesday evenings .
These people , those live in a city , do not take her own car or have not one .
He began to feel wet and that was when he noticed that it was raining heavily .
I think I might be a suitable person for the job because I have already work with kids , especially at teaching and having fun .
Monday , I had the typical " family day " , I had been eating with all my family in our cottage .
There was a doctor at the emergency room and Michael explained the problem to him .
We are used to driving a car and we do not notice how much damage we cause . We should start using new ways of transport as go by bike or by walking .
THE PERSON I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHER , HE IS THE OLDER THAN MY BROTHERS , HE WAS BORN IN 1970 , MY PARENTS TELL ME " HE IS GOOD BOY " WHEN HE WAS A CHILDREN .
The shop keeper nodded and pointed at a grey fridge at the end of the shop .
In my opinion it might seems good to have a pet if we are teke care of it .
The professor points out that holding virtual meetings between teams in different time frames will be challenging .
In spite of the informative sessions about the enviorenment , organized by the Mayor for all of the residentes , it also has lots of staff that cleans the streets , take care of the city gardens and collect the garbage .
Secondly , skilled machinists will make preparations for metal plates that are one of the most vital ways to ensure the quality of bank notes .
Because for me the practitioner 's safety is the one of the most important thing as ahimsa ( non harm ) is one of the crucial principles of yoga .
When the break was over we went hand in hand to our classroom .
The problem that I saw with this , It is that in the future will be more pollution , because there will be many cars .
I am writing to you with the reference to your advertisement which I saw in the " Daily News " .
Cheesecake for me is the simplest yet most sophisticated cake there is .
First , it is my family that helps me to make a good decision . I live with my husband more than ten years , so we know each other quite well to support the other one .
We are facing a crucial moment due to the extinction of most of the indigenous languages .
The aim of this presentation will be to analyse the aims and approaches of sales promotion as well as to evaluate both benefits and drawbacks sales promotions provide .
However , there are also those kinds of people that get famous for doing nothing or just being rich as it 's the case of Paris Hilton .
Many of my friends are teachers , they like their job despite the fact that they often have to deal with lively children or lazy students and heavy parents .
I enjoy playing football with my friends as it can strengthen our friendship and bolster our love .
In my life , many dreams have existed in my mind , which is sweet , incredible , magical or horrible .
First of all , shopping is unavoidable as it is necessary to shop for food .
In 1994 , The Scream painting , one of the most expensive of the worls , was stolen in the National Gallery of Oslo ( Norway ) .
They can be eaten any time of the day , for breakfast , lunch , supper ...
The service are good , the waiters serve excellent , the food is delicious , but some periods of the year the place is full of people and you need a reserve or wait a long time for a table .
Micheal was really scared and he closed his eyes .
You can eat " tapas " at the counter or in small tables near the bar .
So , We can easily see people throwing everything in the same bin .
Secret agents have often been chosen as the main character of stories and films , such as James Bond 's ones , which managed to be really successful .
First , you have to study hard every single day at the high school .
Later , I went to my house with my mom and I helped her make the meal and did the clean up .
On the other , travelling by metro or bus pollute less than going by car .
Most of the shops have sales and offers at least three months of the year : January , June and August .
Environmental protection for instance , or more practically the correct use of the water in our houses .
In general , tourists think shops should be opened during middayas they are foreigners and like to buy things after watching sights around the city .
For example , ours capital city Prague there are many historical buildings like Carl 's bridge , Cathedral of St. Vit , big clock called Orloj and so many others .
My name is Paula Zuidweg and I have recently graduated from high school .
I prefer another kind of films than comedy , but yesterday there were n't any good film at the cinema .
I chose to study law because I think that law is very important in our society .
Hence , the private vehicles give enough privacy and comfort for a family .
My country 's history inspired me all my life , the important role that my city ( Baghdad ) played in the history of education and translation specially affects the history of civilization of humanity .
If she finds out I was here , she 'll kill me ' .
Although movies in our own country are more popular than past , the foreign movies still play important role on domestic movie goer 's mind
Even though , not all victims will choose to have an abortion it has to be given as an option .
He spoke with his father and he asked him because he was there and his father responded that he had the biggest secret about his family .
he says I shop too much but the fact is he does n't want to spend money , he stopped buying me flowers and chocolates and he stopped being romantic
We will eat a legume soup as start , a boiled fish with green salad as main course and a dessert at the end .
She sleeps on a bower and she wants a fan made of wings of butterflies .
But They can only afford it to work as a au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porter that include accommodation , normal wages and you do n't need high level of english .
The man got down the car to tell Stephan stop listening to the music and pay attention with things around him .
Firstly , I would only use energy - saving lights to illuminate my dream room .
Another day was starting , another day of training , our last one .
I believe that I am suitable for this job as I have huge experience about what is required . I would be on top of the world if you allow me to be one of the team .
I hunt with my dad and my stepdad , we hunt all different animals .
This is undoubtedly an important environmental issue that should definitely have our attention .
Children often use them to go to and back from school , and the older population , with increased problems seeing far away , prefer to use the bus to travel around the city .
She looked up and she was surprised seeing the stranger beside her is the famous Michael .
Additionally , cooperation and coherency are always the main essence of a sports team .
InBy February we 'll have finished our exams and we 'll have more free time .
However , when we talk about hunger we must regard it as the main problem of the world .
Like Alexander Flrming Alexander , the inventor of the antibiotic , discovered the Penicillin accidentally from the research of the germ .
Number five : it 's not about the race at all .
When I was child , my city was dirty because people were throwing their rubbish on the floor .
I 'm dreaming to be an Business Administrator when I 'll be older , firstly I want to work an a sports company lik UA and then I may have a little variety on works .
He went out of his little apartment and walked full of confidence to the bus stop .
It was very exciting , because there were many people from all over the region .
Even now we can buy TV sets with Internet connection , so development of technology is not a problem .
Groceries and furniture , as well as instruments , follow the same pattern .
for the position you recently advertised regarding Summer Camps in the USA . I also have
Madrid is a huge city which offers a lot of recycling facilities that take care of the environment :
However air pollution affects not only people health but also the whole environmental system .
I sincerely doubt that I painted the furniture , though , so they would display the colour of the wood they would be made from .
Instead of just working during the day , man now could continue working during the night .
What is more , this project will give me available experience including specific skills that I can use to spread healthy tendency in the social sphere and careful attitudes to the environment .
Yes , we are solving many trouble with our technology for our feeling , our healthy and our finance too .
The " Di roma reataurant " is a restaurant situated in the heart of a small village " Monção " is very popular , between teenagers and adults who love to eat pizza or any other fast food .
This game is played in three format i.e. Test Cricket ( 5 day game ) , One day Cricket and Twenty - Twenty .
I would like to visit Big Ben Tower and many other places that you will propose , but I do n't really want to see common tourist sights , so if you could show me something that not everyone can find , I would appreciate that .
I was very inconfident about myself and i ca n't make friends well so I think that it 's too difficult to ask teachers or friends .
But we have to ask ourselves why would we connect every device in our house to World Wide Web ?
So , as you asked me , I 'll give you proposal of an interesting place to visit where you could take a rest and relax .
Nowadays , an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon that armland , forest and wetland is disappearing for some long - term human activities , for instant housing and transport networks is builded by destroying the balance of environment .
For example , in Terminator 's movies villain was always stronger and more equipped than hero , but at the end of the movie the righteous wins the battle .
Both shops are located in " Castillo Square " and their staff speak English .
In 2012 , Japanese central bank unprecedented depreciated Yuan , which has obviously improved its exports and recovered its economy from stagnation .
I used to live in assistent house it was my first place where I lived in Tijuana , then I changed to an aparment with two friends .
Besides , you could sell your own food on the streets , which sounds very interesting .
On the opposite side of National express ' bus stop there 's the bus stop .
Many parents have an unhealthy relationship , or even a wrecked relationship , with their kids .
He realizes crazy dog killed an innocent man named Joe Mendez last year but his body was not found .
Moreover If you want to find good job you must able to speaking two or three language without any problem .
On the other hand , Trivago also applies conative strategy in the advertisement .
The " 10 000-hours rule " is said to have a scientific base , in spite of the fact that most of its defendants have never read the study that stablished it .
In my personal experience I can say that if you learn a foreign language like English , you wo n't have a problem when I 'll go abroad on holiday .
It helps to know the importance of group work by giving and receiving feedback on particular tasks .
Generally it can be seen that the city became more modern in 2010 than it before .
It was a combination of bacon , meat , and cheese with a little bit of butter .
All of this abilities make me think I 'm the perfect man for your job .
I could say that I am a funny person , but that would be a lie .
It 's a strange light in the sky in different colours that is very beautiful .
The language of the fairies creates magic by imagery that is absolutely exquisite .
Then she tried to calm Mindy down and helped Peter to deliver the baby .
I think , in conclusion , all people should have a good behaviour and an open mind and they and myself also to catch more often the public transport .
Tickets must be booked in advance and there is a tasting session at the end .
He promised that the Madonna of Częstochowa will always be a polish queen .
Travelling by car becomes a comfortable factor nowadays because we can stop and go whenever we want , we can start at our desired timings .
Our specie has achieved great things , but despite all the great discoveries , there is still one problem we have not been able to suppress , a problem that has been haunting us since unmemorable times : racism .
Because she gave me life , without her I would not be what I am today .
Besides , students are able to raise questions with the lecturer because they can express their opinion .
I completely disagree with the statement " there is no future for public transport " .
But can we safely regard this technological advance as a proper achievement of modern times ?
Finally , four weeks later , I was contacted by your representative .
I went to a club for two years and I swam there for two years .
It is a news programme based on well researched facts and offers a wide range of all the important information you need .
When your body takes an insufficient amount of carbohydrates , the protein replaces the lack of carbohydrates to supply the body with energy .
Ca n't wait to hear what you 've been up to this weekend .
Lastly , I am going to explain how is our village kept attractive .
It is true that many young people do extra activities related to sports like football or basketball .
American press had widely illustrated the revolution in the Baltic States and the tension which has been spread in the Soviet Union after the fall of the Berlin Wall as well as the fall of communist governments within the whole former Soviet Bloc .
Despite all these facts , it is without doubt that television has changed our lives .
One of the major international competitions in football is the World Cup organized by Fédération Internationale de Football Association .
It 's great to hear that you 've found the perfect job .
Public transport is so necessary in big cities that car industry is continuously developing new means of transport .
Please do not hesitate to contact me for any further information or to arrange a personal meeting .
Alcoholism is a disease that affects many people in the world today .
By applying for the job offered I am willing to work in all different sorts of job , I do not matter which , as long as I have the opportunity of being in the USA , as English is my passion .
The reason for applying is that I believe I would be a perfect candidate as I have plenty of experience in the food business as well as I am highly interested in working for this well - known company .
However , they want to go out and spend time with their families , as well .
At this period , I was the intern coordinator and I created a manual on the procedures employed by the entire Court .
The most important of all , I will take an adventure to the unknown place in UK.I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
The diagram gives information about various stages in the process of making bank notes .
They have to realice that if they continue eating that way and not doing any exercise they are more likely to have differents diseases .
Finally , great marketing is a necessary measure in order to succeed in business .
In my opinion , it is , probably , the base of the values of every society because our children from now will be the men or women of the future .
In the near future , this fact will be seriously taken into account by governments .
Finally , you can do shopping on The New Square , a round trading hall .
He 's been doing great in both academic and extra curicular activities in the school .
As we all know , youth is the hope of our society and they have proven that .
I think that the public transport always going to be so important in our life because not all the people have the possibility to buy a car because the public transport is more expensive than a car , so for that reason the public transport in the future could be exist , because public transport is a necesity in all the world not only for the money but too for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport
My favourite film is Avatar because the effects are amazing and the sound is very good .
After we ate the cake , I found my mom looking at me an screaming:"Oh !
It is an adaptation from the original book " Les Miserables " by Victor Hugo .
In future ; environment will also become a key factor in determining the state of these transport mediums .
When someone wants to hurt our relatives or friends , we must do something .
Maybe you spend more hours than travelling by car but I think it worth it , because you can save money .
I live in the beautiful city of Siena which is famous for its landscapes .
However , instead of focusing on my study , I paid more attention on rehearsals .
Do n't you think I should wear this during the premiere ? "
After a few days of waking and only eating fish , they continued having the same allergic reaction to the fish thanks to their nutrition .
Because all people like money , for example , many people do n't buy car with expensive tax , so people must use the public transportation , such as bus , subway .
Please , let me follow my heart , at least for the first time in my life .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
When this people can drive a self driving car the feel more comfortable and the can live more freely .
I knew at that moment that I want to change my style of skating .
I hope that I can be one of the candidates you find suitable for your university .
Anyway , we should go to the mall together and there we will take the final decision .
My advice would be that I you want to play Tennis just go ahead play it , not expect till others do it , because you can do that too .
I had worked in a clothing shop in the past , so I have some sales experience as well .
A lot of people say : " I ca n't ... " .
They could use that information to get into our bank accounts and steal our money .
In the first place , I think that you must look to internet . you would see diferents city of country and you can choose the best .
Mobile phones are most important thing in our daily lifeis the most effective method for instantaneous communication .
So the need for bus has become unnecessary and our own cars are simply time consuming .
Everyone make mistakes , No one say I have not made any mistake in my life .
I think today 's television is still a good value , because there is more choice than ever before .
First of all is a traffic jam , if you stick in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much time then you expected on the road . Bisedes a public transport are overloaded at rush hours .Another downside is that most of buses are old and dirty .
My name is Richard Raya , I am 35 years old and live in the Basque Country in northern Spain .
If you have days off I hope we can meet at the road and join me .
Moreover , driving grants motorists one of the most popular feelings in Western societies : the feeling of being free .
Secondly , he or she would buy a good helmet and , of course , appropriate clothing .
In that moment he understood that the mayor will build a big motorway there , next to the river .
In conclusion , the large - scale building projects take the living resource from animals , increase the possibility of getting cancer and so on .
Another part of Bucharest for shopping is Unirea Shopping Centre .
It is possible to watch documentaries , the news , concerts , plays and learn about current affairs .
I agree with that opinion because I do n't like shopping at all .
The center of the historical city is the Big Square , there are mixed Arabs and Romas buildings , and two cathedrals .
The Statue of Liberty is by far the most famous building at the city .
Michel closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
In England where I live , in Bedford , we use a lot the train to go in the most important town of UK , but the train are very expensive , me and my family stay careful if we go off pick because the price are to high .
For me it was like to have a new member of the family and he lived with me .
Charles Dickens and the Brönte sisters were famous Victorian writers .
The two maps depict the main changes which take place in Shipsmouth between the year 1995 and 2010 .
He went on , " Every room have a feeling written on it .
In conclusion , people will do what they want smoothly and politely , if they wait patiently in queues .
Here is description about my phone - model iphone 6 , gray color and there was scratches on backside .
The oldest memory of our relationship is a short skirt and some crocodiles .
Using public transport is cheaper than having a car , especially living in urban area .
The population is growing up so fast , we need public transportation , is important .
Each time I have a written test at school , I play it the day before .
It is a cheaper way to watch their favourite team than spending money for an expensive ticket .
The disadvantage , however , is that because of the machines many people have lost their jobs
There are some big shelves in center of market are divided to some different parts for kinds of goods like Dried fruit , nuts , flour , condiment , beans , grains , rice , etc .
At the end of my essay , I would like to devote this paragraph and thank my wonderful teacher for this opportunistic chance to offer my sincere opinion on the topic .
Fate may play a role but you have still to try and bring out the best of yourself .
The gym reception is nice , but the walls are painted with dark colours .
Holden tells us that his brother is now writing for Hollywood .
This is n't something that will go away in a few months .
Cooking classes will helps students spend less money on eating out and they will start eating healthier because by making their own food they will be more aware of what they are eating .
He would make a name for his self working hard , and his family would be proud .
Firstly , studying is very difficult because you have to accept new ways of studying- studying by myself .
Likewise , some people put their success in life down more to their parent 's training than to their innate talents .
On the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club for speaking about the film where they appeared " Saving Private Ryan " and their process to get involved into their characters for a real - like acting .
You have to be a disciplined and well - balanced person , that 's it .
This position will allow me to gain an insight into the asset management industry .
As family and friends do not accompany , students must do a lot from basic living to future studies .
Every time I go to the gym I feel like I have to breaking my limits and replace them with the feeling of success .
She went to sleep with belief that she is the happiest girl in the world .
It is evidently that those types of acting are different and the actors should adapt to the conditions they work in in one way or another .
I 'm the rigt person for the job because I 'm reliable and experienced .
I have more than enough reason to do that - and they are again , my students .
Now I 'm doing something , although I will probably never see the fruits of my labor .
A secret agent works undercover , so his most important quality is possessing great skill in lying .
Despite the strengths mentioned above , there were also some areas that required some attention .
The processes that appears more usually are mental and relational ( attributive type ) .
Anyway , just before the letter arrived , we were sitting in the living room .
However , this method of studying is cheaper than the common way , and it also can be completely free which is a big advantage .
This is the cheapest way to get to my home that I know .
It turned out that they send my work to a few Instituts and one of them was interested in me .
Firstly , as mentioned before , it would give everyone the opportunity to communicate with everyone .
Furthermore , I was a writer and editor for the project Food Info , a platform to inform the general public about food science related topics .
later if you want we could fiand a job for three months , in my opinion a good job for three months I could be the waiter because the waiter get much money in the three months of the summer .
The unusual scenario and the great actor Hugh Laurie made the result really innovative for a TV series .
At present I am uncertain about the number of the students , but it will probably be about 15 .
The girl is 18 years old and men ( as it later turns out ) are vampires and they have over 100 years .
When it comes to public transport , the future is relatively dark according to the prospection .
First of all , one of the biggest changes in a medium term will be the transport .
Cooking is one of the things I like the most and I am not frightened of hardworking since I believe that if you want to improve you have to apply a lot .
A lot of AC / DC 's songs were written and composed by himself .
I enjoy cooking and interested in different kinds of food , especially Asian cuisine .
With this research I want to discover if those changes helped Denmark protect itself from the European crisis .
OBERON(3:2:102 - 109 )
I would like to know if you can give us those services and in what time you l have them .
I must be prepared to abase myself in front of the whole world from now !
There is a hotly debated issue of that whether student should take at least one year to work or travel before they go to university .
By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example explain well and calm the use of new technology to an old man or woman , at the end , also these people are in conditions to use it .
I 'm studying a degree on Biotechnology at IQS , here in Barcelona .
Do we often think what it means to live under constant public scrutiny ?
He prepared something to eat fast , brushed his teeth , he just took his mobile , keys and money but he had n't noticed that he was forgetting of his curriculum .
Finally , after being printed , every bank note needs to be manually inspected .
The shadow kept walking and running from what Michael supposed it was a threat .
Imagine that you have just run 100 sprints and a giant bear starts chasing you .
This is the experience which I 've been waiting for for ages !
A man put a small envelope in my hand and went away .
The vacatios starts when the plane takes off and nerves and happiness blend creating an experience you will never forget .
Another disadvantage is that using the car can be useless in some situation , like if you go to a football game by car , you probably wo n't have a place to park it .
Many people assured that they are preferring using their own cars , but they were being forced to use the Public transport for many reasons such as , the complexities they are facing with the driver 's license , in addition to the fuel high cost .
It was midnight and Susan 's crying was muffled by her pillow .
We made the extra effort to be friends in the past and it generally worked both ways .
Printing is the next step , .Usually , sheets of bank notes printed , because there are some special require for the printing , solour of both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
The city council are tackling with how they can keep the city clean , and each and every morning there are employees whose work are to collect and keep the environment clean .
I classify them into different categories : manual , cookbook , biography , etc .
In conclussion I think that it is the best way to opemn your mindn not the only way but yes the best way .
It is very beautiful because it is structured like a mountain ( and so you can start from the last floor and then you go down visiting other floors ) .
Most of the songs show demoniac features causing serious concerns on the media .
I think it 's important to maintain our tone and of course our health .
In this place there are guys and girls attending pedagogy organize activities to entratain children of every age .
It 's about the tragic fate of two young lovers whose families are bitter enemies .
If the majority of citizens , including the ones who live in the city centre , had followed these ideas , this city would have been surely cleaner .
The establishment seek a security guard who had to keep the pizza restaurant at night , I am the security man .
In my opinion , journalists and paparazzi should n't stalk celebrities on their private holiday or try to get into their intimate life .
Far from the noisy and reality of The Wolf of Wall Street , Walter Mitty offers to the audience a delicious portrayal of the main character 's life and adventures , through which he will discover his true self and will restart a new life .
And for now she is one of the most popular models in the world not only in the school .
But as for film stars , is it really necessary to know how exactly they live ?
In general we do n't take care about nothing , water , recyclable things even our air conditioning .
Just before the assets get the journalist Jason Bourne helps him to escape .
Tom called his friends and asked them to advertise by any means they can and also he requested his trainer to talk to the owner of the race road .
It was assumed that beetroot juice would increase the oxidation and would reduce the lactate production .
So even if you travel through metro , you have to take a bus or auto to reach your destination unless it is located near a metro station .
The greatest impact of internet on our lives is the use of social media .
Everybody goes to it because it is the best ice skating park in Europe .
I had never been there before , so I thought - why not ?
This is where you would find several shops that sell most African traditional artifact .
Moreover , this has helped a lot of people especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
She 's on her way to the court where Michael was practing when she heard guys talking .
Hundreds of photos were taken before , during and after the wedding .
The late actor Louis de Funès is mentioned as a role model by the chamber of commerce 's guide .
Definitely worth pointing out are the excellent fruit juices .
This experience was very important and made me more confident about my English skills .
The statement " public transport is our future " has been an interesting political discuss during years .
The only way was to show and prove everyone that he was the best .
It was built in the 11th century and is well known for its shopping area .
Many times when people leave high school and they go to University , they realised after several months that the career they had chosen it is not for them .
I think patience and carefulness are two pivotal personal traits to major in financial accounting .
I am writing to apply for the position of floor manager in your large department store .
I would like to say that learning any languages is complicated to someone , whatever you come from , but in my opinion there are many matter to discuss .
To sum things up , the government should not control the internet more tightly .
Hi Luke , I tried the program called Write and Improve for a week and I liked it .
I received a call from my credit card administration this morning to confirm and authorize that payment , telling me that there were two attempts of charging my credit card bill .
If you feel love , share it!Every day may be the last .
It is a ball game played on a rectangular grass field with a goal at each end .
Thus , not only to ride but also to watch train is very interesting for me .
My goal I decided then , was to become a pilot when I grewn up .
The other team was profesional , they had won many competitions , they were really good but Tom and I knew that we could won .
Also , Trivago wants to increase its market share by entering Hong Kong Market .
Many Hong Kongers love to travel and go to different country to feel the culture and enjoy the different lifestyle .
After that , you need to come to Bogotá . I am going to be happy about having you here .
But do n't think that climbing is a dangerous activity!. Although you climb to the top of a rock wall , you always do it with a checked security material .
Most railway lines are quite spruce and for me , travelling by train is pleasure !
Nana gives me feeling like I will get killed in my sleep .
I think , that the home of the future will be huge , but single - storey .
Room configuration and style will be somewhat different - more glazing , more open spaces .
It is very important to put some sunblock on your face , neck and hands .
Uhhh , I am starting to get lazy .
For example , if you are in a hurry and want to catch the place you are heading to , you can drive as fast as possible .
At lunch many people eat a lot ! I start with a small soup and then I have the main dish and the desert .
The bad quality of public transportation and the lack of options like underground and train , helps people choose to use a car .
A breast feeding woman can feed her baby in the car without worrying about her privacy .
This is a relaxing sport because while you are swimming you can think in your life .
I am a believer that any parent would do whatever it takes to protect their children .
In my opinion , the main decision is to develop people 's potential , increase their awareness of personal effects on nature .
Third , when it comes to travel , what really matters is not your destination .
But the true was worse , Malcolm has had an illness since 2014 and daily he is worse .
If the car is large enough , it can be even a perfect place for sleep .
Furthermore I have worked successfully for a year after my apprenticeship with different kind of analytical methods and I could improve my knowledge in this area .
It was spring , the prefect time to go and visit South of Italy .
Unfortunately the hospital was already closed to the visitors so he had to wait the next morning .
To tell you frankly a best friend has to offer you a different point of view and what is more it is important say no sometimes .
Perhaps in a future public transport it can be more comfortable for the rest of the people who does n't have a car .
We 'd had a lovely meal in one of the most charming restaurants in Rome .
However , we may not be greatly influenced by their teachings , but by others ' teachings .
In my opinion it 's true , however , family is a very important part in your life and you have to take care of it .
In the end , the party turned out a success , for Michael was the beginning of his popularity .
Comments that are left on their pages mean more to them than words said face to face
Moreover , Germany is one of the biggest industrial countries in the world and it has many huge factories .
It was beautiful and had like a mohawk of orange feathers on its head .
Now that we have a wonderful idea I thought you would want to hear about it .
I am enclosing my CV , where you can find more details about my experience .
Last but not least , you do not need any kind of special equipment or people .
They prefer reading interesting articles about athletes and sport events , but they do n't go in for sports .
If it goes by , I 've always known it was fickle .
If you 're a queen , member of royal family , from your birth you 'll be observing by press and magazines .
I 'm Antonio Trevisano del Bruno , an Italian 15-year - old teenager , and I have studied English since I was 7 .
I would like to talk about a diamond jewellery set that I gifted to my wife on our last marriage anniversary .
Well , let me tell that there are lots of ways to have a good time there .
Although presenting a more vivacious plot , The Wolf of Street is not able to keep the attention of the audience like Walter Mitty does .
First of all , determining the needs of the students is always the top priority .
When he open the door he was more surprised to see who 's on the door .
He stared at an object on the beside table , the object that could free him from this hell like existence .
Famous people are exposed to criticism and public opinion , but what does it mean ?
All in all a great experience ! You can rely on my help next year !
My favorite book is right now : " The fault in our stars " because its a really good subject and it is sad but great story .
She helps me to make the right choice and never looks at the prices .
People were really excited about the show they just has three attire changes but the show was amazing , the lights and the sound was fantastic .
Cádiz has got a lot of amazing beaches .
The immense possibilities of life give us opportunity to explore life but some times it lead to threat and dangers to our life .
Since most of the people watch the television not just a few minutes or do not just watch one or two video(s ) in Youtube , they will be enforced to watch its advertisement more than one times .
But sometimes it can also affect us in a negetive way .. most people around the world can see any news in live.media is more help full for the people .television is also using as a study material for example smart classes ,
The issue of taking care of the environment is very topical in the modern world .
In a natural work pattern you have to do , also like school , your tasks but the communication is also an important part of it .
Similarly , I do not have any study methods in the sense of systematic mechanisms to learn English .
Despite the high price of the food , I had a pleasant dining experience .
It was the last year I was attending the high school and final exams were approaching faster than I thought .
Go to a dark place , and then ckeuck the fist .
I , for that reason , certainly agree with the statement of the given issue .
He has contacts from Cape Town to San Francisco and from Santiago de Chile to Manila .
He did n't answer to his questions and did n't want to use all his ideas .
once upon the time there was a little man called Michael , that man has a heart of a little child and the brave of big man .
The lecturer argues that as a biologist she used to see animals suffering without appropriate amount of anesthesia .
At there , you can have a taste of cuisine from all around the world which will make you freshen up .
I enjoy playing basketball because I relax when I play it and I can meet new people and travel around your city or your country . That it 's the best because you can visit the cities ...
To conclude , I firmly believe that we can reduce damages and global warming by adopting environmentally friendly attitudes , as the use of green and clean energy sources .
When i was arrived at home , i was started to read the news paper , so i found from there The International Student Magazine have to organize a short story competition , and I decide to call Michael to tell him about this contest .
The graphic information presented in the flow chart illustrates the procedure regarding to the form of bank notes , which can be sorted into 6 main phases .
This restaurant has a good atmosphere because it is always people laughing and talking about funny things .
There is a small gray carpet under the coffee table and it protects the things from breakage .
At the end , the teacher asked me the exercise again .
Every day , Tom walks next to the river to see the landscape and to feed lots of squirrels which live in the trees .
I would be very grateful if you would consider my application for this post .
Another stricken area is social perspective , which has threatened the majority of the population .
Nowadays , people live in very modern and fast society and try to have as convenient life as it is possible .
If the way to do that it 's easy and nice I think at the end is better than explain theory concepts .
Meanwhile , Australian education is based on making students learn new skills .
Some of them are , roast , mate and some others , but those are the best known .
my view is that nowadays English is an important language that it is necessary for almost everyone , so I will choose to learn English first .
As you know , he works in security company , called Solid Safety and he was appointed to be a bodyguard to even Bono !
It is a sport that develops no only the body , but also the mind and the heart .
I have two little brothers , two nieces and one nephew , so I am around for children and that thing I love it .
On the other hand , there are a number of reasons against the end of the public transport .
It is obligatory for the inhabitants to put their different types of garbage into separate bins .
She was a very friendly person and soon we were chatting every day .
This situation only is present in Caceres when there is a rainy day , but in other cities like Madrid , Barcelona … is a daily situation .
Tickets cost 15 zlotys for students and 20 zlotys for adults .
Jerry read the email and decided to go to the shopping centre immediately .
Maybe , there are a lot of repeats of old programmes , but some of them are still watched for a long number of people .
I talked about this topic with a few other students and asked them what there opinion is .
I 've been living in Augsburg for nearly two years now and am studying B.A. Anglistik and economics .
On the other hand a problem could stem from the lack of incentives to the nationwide educational institutions .
He started with some jokes so that they would feel at ease and disclose their experiences .
They have many different cakes : profiterol , meringata , tiramisù and so on .
Indeed , negative vibes filled my thoughts after having known that I was to practice my chosen profession in the place I feared the most .
Drive2 users often have a lot of technical questions about their cars .
More than two thousand years old , it is still standing .
I was gardening since the beginning of the morning , when the postman arrived .
Before the lessons begin , we talk about the news in the village and do some exercise to get warm .
How 's your first English literature lesson at school ? I hope it had loads of fun with plenty new knowledge acquired !
So in their generation they have something good that they contribute in the society at their very young age .
I hold an opposite view ; my answer is " no " , for sure .
I remember children , running about the small squares in fronf of the cathedrals ; elderly people in wheelchairs ...
- This goes without saying cars are much more convenient than late trains , but I can not agree with the overall statement although I do abhor using public transport .
Public transport include buses , trains , and subway , however cars , bicycles , taxis are not forgotten .
He opened the door to his home , took a deep breath and turned around .
In the fact , I know it 's very difficult to do it if you give it up .
There are also positive aspects , for example there is a progress in the subject of medicine or in the use of the eco - resources .
In short , a trip to Poland will be an unforgettable experience for your students .
If I were you I would choose the subway because wearher in Mexico is too hot , so , I think you do n't want to feel the sun after your bored trip .
I will love to work in a summer camp as I always enjoyed going on camps with friends and family .
I 've wasted so much time in my life that even I found it embarrassing .
The only thing he knew when he came to Mandy 's home was this : The world does n't turn around him .
I 'd like to thank you for the lovely experience you offered me .
In other words , they had to get use to a different kind of world .
Let me know if you are interested to know her better .
I 'm writing to apply for a job in summer camps advertised on your website .
School work and examinations gave me huge pressure so I found a way to strike a balance that I learnt playing windsurfing .
Famous people have been always sorrunded by a lot of journalists and paparazzies who follow them wherever they go .
Sports or hobbies could be great options like new activities in order to plan in my college , however I believe there are others which could be provided for us and it would be interesting to take part in .
Airplanes are becoming more and more useful for people who travel for work or even want to get to another place quicker and safer .
To study 1 unit per week was difficult for us , because of translation .
Japan launched a counter attack and enslaved the United States , and then proceeded to conquer the world .
I am writing with regard to an advertisement that appeared in the local newspaper recently .
They will never try to hurt any human being so why people try to hurt them .
So , for that reason I think television can entertain and also educate .
It could be strange for the others , but it is really delicious if served with corn .
The singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy , now most their income are the concerts and digital platform like Spotify .
people that they play in this categorie are fameous althoug you can see them on tv.if you want to be a big football player you must to practise more time and yoor life should to be healthy .
Thank you for taking the time to read my application and I am looking forward to hearing from you .
My advice to travel for Spain is that there are several types of transport but the most economic is the public , most expensive transport can be the taxi , for example .
Furthermore , I was late for a very important appointment and I lost a lot of money .
Soon , even though the distance between people are shorter in Brazil , both countries value the idea of maintaining a space that both people feel comfortable , called personal space .
Nevertheless this is not an all audiences movies , because it contains hard scenes not suitable for children .
I have experience at taking care of children and it is a task that I really enjoy .
I think it is true , because o lot of people like travelling by car .
Weekends would be a drag if match days were not on television .
- There are n't enough car parks and they are very expensive , for example when you travel to Madrid it is impossible to find a free parking .
Finally , I have dinner with my family - always at 20.00 !
It is a great and famous sightseeing place and it also is an important place of Japanese culture .
I took cooking classes last year , so I can also work in the kitchens .
He wrote a letter to the town hall explaining the situation and asking to stop the construction .
The car is a transport more comfortable than the public transport but is not sustainable , its cost is higuer and if all people move by car , The cities will be very pollutes .
For example in our school there is the possibility to collect paper and plastic in different boxes .
Once we stop using Public transport , it is going to causes problems .
There are many city in world , planning to car free days and promote to use of public transport .
First of all , I disagree with that statement , because of these reasons I am about to give .
Thus , people could spend their free time travelling and having a good time .
This becomes the concern of the employers since it may impact on the students ' learning outcomes .
As a result of this many studies have shown that athletes shuold be motivate to push themselves above the record .
The religion of Scientology is known as one of the fastest growing religions of the world .
I am forty nine years old and I am a quite crazy , so I make a lot of mistakes .
He noticed that he is trembling " it was just a dream " - he thought .
That was a special family it was so big ; his father has 6 brothers ! , so he has 17 cousins counting his little sister .
The truth of matter is I think I 'm full of ideas but unfortunately I ca n't describe my knowledge and experiences in English .
Dreaming about future is like creating an imaginary world , perfect for yourself and the others .
In the end , the discovery of new things can never come to an end .
What I would suggest in order to deal with this problem is to integrate more laboratory experiences also in grammar schools , like chemistry experiments or bacteria observation with microscopes .
In winter it is fine we can adjust in crowd but if we talk about summer session we can not adjust when we are travelling in a suffocated environment .
I will be at home for my mother birthday in november , and if you can we could have a drink .
The manufacturing process follows three main stages : designing then producing then consuming .
In the meantime his mind always thought at Mercedes because of his youngest dreams .
I asked for my right - hand employee David to come earlier due to your arrival .
If you enjoy this sport , just do it and nothing else matters !
She always helps me in whatever I need , and she 's amazing .
Ricki , is not the fastes driver on the track , but he drive very safety .
Many of the automobile owners live in big towns and often they park their cars in the city centres , where they work or study .
Conduct a survey on a minimum of one thousand people on what features should the website include .
I would like to learn from others about the world , people , cultures and idiomas and share this knowledge with others and be helpful in return :)
The aim of this report is to make suggestions about the facilities of the club .
At the same time , his parents reached the place and seeing the big crowd and the fire force they got horrified .
I am fourteen years old and interested in this job and believe I have the qualifications .
i do nt think the public transport does not have future , there are a lot of people who can not buy a car and has to use the communite transport .
This remarkable story is set in Verona in the 15th century .
I hope you write to me when you make the final decision , I look forward to hearing from you .
I believe that this will give me the chance to consider my application and got the job .
It 's not very expensive and there are lots of choices on the menu .
Some surveys have demonstrated that travelling by car is more expensive that travelling by public transport .
My family members all the time expression their warm feelings with hugs , kisses and beautiful words .
And the idea that , spending time in Internet 's chats young people develop their social skills , is problematic .
And conservation mechanism followed in this house encouraged students to become a part in it .
It was quite stressful but at the end of the concert the atmosphere was amazing .
There is no more school and you can go to sleep late and wake up late .
She said it was a present for his aunt , who lives in Casablanca .
So the TV could become a useful tool in the educational process if more effort is put into this , from the television programming to the preference of society-
In the yard of the castle you will see some cannons and other guns .
He took the case and planned to travel to Casablanca next weekend , taking advantage of a bank holiday on Monday .
You should n't spend so much time watching television because it is n't healthy .
On the other hand the suggestion of English as the world wide spoken language might be up against much criticism since the United States do not have many supporters everywhere .
This summer was the best I went to cuchilla alta with my best friends their name are : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela anda Lucía .
Counting on someone capable of understanding your demands , who shares with you the innermost feelings and who is able of discussing possible misunderstandings , is totally rewarding .
Modern means of transport are constantly improving , being faster and more comfortable than ever before .
Another interesting way to find out more about the past is to collect old photographs .
He also attended my lectures and labs in " Java SE " summer training course .
My advice for those people who want to take up this sport is to start gradually .
When we talk about convenience , comfort and safety then private transport is more likely to consider .
I have a car and I can go a lot of places , because it is fast .
Yes , I believe that television entertains and also educates .
If you are interested , I could give you his phone number and e - mail so that you two are able to speak about the matter and maybe find an agreement .
People think that it is a common and effective way , but I believe once there is no scientific evidence , it should not be brought to the weight loss process .
Different factors such as stress , psychological problems , noise , lights that do not let you rest .
My third sister is 29 years old , she is married and she has 2 children jana and Salah , her name is Asmaa .
She could n't believe that he was capable of doing such a horrendous thing .
But this year , Michael is organizes very evil because he does n't enough books for all children and a lot of they had n't gift , so Michel had closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
It had been a very long day and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Alison felt fear , her heart was beating and she started to run .
We really enjoyed this experience , just because we shared it as friends and we took dance lessons with the most professional and privileged dance teachers of the world .
I have been studying English for several years and I am preparing for taking FCE exam soon .
Whatever type of journey you took , you would be more likely to prefer using train or plane , because it would be much more convenient and would not demand any physical tension .
I might have pressed the nitro button by mistake when I sat down .
If you will join , we can meet in Ambasodor mall in the city at 7 p.m.
Our teachers are doctors and they are in charge of teach us about work - team , so it 's common that one / two people do all work ... with this I want to say : is rewarding when our teacher ask something and you know the answer because you could study all topic .
the Giant Panda is an endangered specie , the pandas have to survive to the hunters and the destruction of him habitat by the humans .
As usual , he decided to sit on the bar and order some fish and chips .
Many people do breakfast in the bar with an espresso or a cappuccino and a croissant .
Sometimes passengers and drivers face risks and road blocks which usually happen when the Somali government leaders are travelling across the city and even abroad .
Science is concerned only with the information about the world whatever it is , and sometimes in unethical conclusion without considering the morality .
She was very angry and she could not believe that her son did that .
Significant changes have to be done either to ensure the quality of service and the conditions of the coaches , trains and other public means of transportation .
His body was cremated and buried on a mountain in northern Taiwan .
On thing that I find interesting , is that this film is atemporal ; I mean that you can watch in any decade of your life , and ever seems a nowadays film .
The waiters are very welcoming and informative so you feel very comfortable .
The doctor ask for his phone number and he phoned his parents .
In my own town , people do n't use public transport , some months ago the council gave a public sercice bike and three months later they had to close it .
The people start to play football in a regulatory pitch , after some time they will be tired , but it is normal because their muscles are not enough strong for running around the pitch for many times .
I 've been to Jamaica , Morocco , the Maldives and Curacao .
Line of Duty , a powerful and gripping drama that gets the nation talking
Have you ever practised rafting?Do you know how amazing is to do this cool sport?If you do n't know nothing about it , it 's high time to do it !
Luckily it was my colleague Jane who wanted to drink a cp of fresh coffee with me .
This essay will discuss the implications of social media for everyday life , emphasizing the problems which arose with the use of Facebook and Twitter .
The Usual Suspects is the first movie by Bryan Singer .
She woke up in the morning full of enthusiasm and zest for life .
In the end , I sincerely hope this report proves informative and encouraging for many .
This fact allows young people do exercise and enjoy at the same time .
To sum up , education is , in my opinion , the most important base of any society and it should be reached whole people .
All I can say about the second article is that it has rarely proof of the intervention .
Another method is that natural ecology gardens can be provided to those animals , like birds .
Mountains of studies demonstrated that green infrastructure is an economical , beautiful and effective strategy to control storm water .
The winter kinds of sports are , for example , figure skating , skiing , ice hockey etc .
When Michael wake up that morning he feels , a strange smell in the air , he do not know what is the origin of that strange smell but , in his noose , he receive a kind of sign something bad happened .
Nowadays , there are many choices to spend in our free time such as go shopping , travelling , listen to music , reading , etc ..
Then , we can go out for a party night at the west of the city .
Insufficient ESP teaching skills made teachers pull back to general English .
That 's why I suggest starting the journey from this place .
I would give the advice that this sport makes people healthy but it also help us to make new friends because while we are training we have mates in our team which we can talk to and make them our friends .
For some of us trade is a thing for a living , but other people treat shopping like a good thing to spend time and they are enjoying it very much .
The movie is already a success opening the box office with $ 36 million endorsement .
However , drinking 2 litters of water everyday is essential to your health and has a lot of benefits such as helping energising muscles or keeping your skin look good .
I was stunned by her words and become speechless for a moment .
Footbal is usually a sport that appeals primarily to males , but I 'm a girl that sometimes I realize that I know more than some males .
But I could n't go with them at the time , I was sick a lot .
Television is one of the most important inventions of the last century since it has had a great impact on societies around the world .
After three rings , he answered the phone , his breath short . '
On the one hand you 'll feel more active and you 'll realise how your brain memory gets better and better .
At the end Aurora lives with Maleficent in the magic forest .
Many dogs for example help their owners and protect them from many dangers .
If you want to go to the beach , I 'll tell you to visit the Northeast 's beaches because there are the most beautiful beaches in the entire world .
I 'm forty years old and I have experience about looking after children in my town because I have been working in a toddler school as teacher for four years .
On the other hand , the studies showed , in many other cases and especially in irregular trips there is more convenient to use a car .
They are less likely to find good jobs because most of them are not highly educated .
That 's why I prefer Travelling by car instead of public transport .
but I always said my friends " If you want to have fit body , you will register swimming pool .
Trivago '' , can introduce the key idea of the television commercial .
The main reason of this , is that cars use diesel or petrol , whereas trains use electricity .
The thing I like best in football is play it , but I also like watching it , intact I am a fan of the team Lazio .
In the other words , try to understand the philosophy of the sports before learning the techniques .
Unfortunately we did n't get the chance to see each other that night .
NB : In addition , in the case of employment , I would receive an allowance of a participation of 50% of the salary for a period of two years .
Sport not only helps people to become strong and to develop physically but also makes them more organized and better disciplined in their daily activities .
It means that travelling by cars can even be more dangerous than using public transport .
The reduction of Gorbachov 's role and the growth of the Yeltsin 's haven't been out of the attention in the US media sources .
People do not earn as much money as they used to , in fact they earn a lot less .
Not always car is much more convenient , for example in a big city it is far more convenient to use underground than a car during the rush hour .
I think for people who are fat , they can go jogging but a little bit slowler .
Mike was one of the best awardees in the class .
When he woke up from his dream kind of having a skeptic attitude , but he was diminishing it .
Sometimes , the lack of solutions to the reduced capacity of movement around on big cities compels the older population to stay at home .
In the end of the day you should choose public transport or car according to the purpose of your trip .
Therefore I would be more than willing to share this experience with another student .
It might be hard , but they need to be patient and try not to care about the people who interferes with their personal being .
The career of a Somali - American fashion model Iman also began after this pioneering shooting .
I 've followed you for 2 months and I really love your style !
As our country is developing there will days were each and every individual will be self reliant and would definitely prefer having their own vehicle to commute from one distance to the other .
To my mind , you 're probably totally exhausted because of travel and those few first days when you had to get to know new surroundings .
We can talk to our family and friends immediately , which is not limited by space .
Apart from that you see new places and you have fun , you also lern others cultures , historicals facts , you also lern to respect others peoples and thirs costums .
But we could also try the climbing but it would be better if we could cimbing outside , in the countryside .
Yes , that 's true that the car is far more convenient than the public transport .
More environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlife by takeng care of themthere is to that we have a center of care and , other more institutions , we also make environmental protection centers were people can visit and learn about this to sum up our village is very concentrated on taking care of the natural world that sorrounds us
It says the bravery of men is reckoned by the number of scars on his body except on his back , because they thought to be dead in the field is far better than retreating .
that look who occupied Micheal 's mind then after and lead him dropping his dream of being that creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed from her , Arika the girl who was using any one can make her reach or cross a step towards her success and popularity , Michael felt that he was pathetic deceived when he saw her with the new class 's clever guy , he could n't understand that giving up man 's dream is the worst decision that will lead to failure , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
On the other hand a disadvantage is that young parents are not able to protect their babies without having experience on that .
All things considered , I believe that renewable energy will be the most common energy in the future as it does n't damage global warming although it is expensive to afford .
Dogs are also not allowed because they fart and are not clean .
The reason is that the development of globalization has let our country improve its economy .
When I want to watch something easy , comedy or horror comes to my mind .
He worked a lot , arrived late of his work and never has time to be with Ann .
They wo n't last forever and this will increase the use of nuclear energy .
But you ca n't expect that they are going to pay you a lot of money .
I consider this is the best time to do sport , taking into account that the pollution is down at that time .
Your car will always go to the right place -- no transport changes , no awkward routes .
He must inspire others to achieve appropriate goals and to do their best for the world .
Moreover , they often smoke and drink alcohol , which produces serious physical and mental diseases ( CasaColumbia , 2007 ) .
After waiting for 20 minutes , she decided to call the police ; they said " wait for the morning , maybe he went somewhere , now we ca n't help you " .
So what if he originated from the Arab peninsula , that does not implicate that he is a terrorist .
Then take the third line and two stops later you will arrive mall .
Despite this our appearance will change .Our fashion will be more technique .
When it comes to clothes there are also different kinds of people , the ones who do it for necessity and the ones who do it for joy .
First , Parents are a great source of experience which can be helpful in teaching .
But this was not the case , time continued to pass by , ever so slowly , making Peter even more nervous .
I also recommend you to visit Brasov and The Black Church , The Peles Castle and why not The Black Sea .
As I have alrealdy said , I play sports that is why I could be helpful at organizing sports and evening activities .
The diagrams below show the five stages aboout the process of making bank notes .
Admittedly , travelling by the car has its merits such as more convenient to everywhere we want , can enjoy the time with family in car .
I start to study another language when I was a child , I started learning English because every one said that English is the future language , when I finished my school time I tried to study French but it was so difficult for me .
You can swim during all year in the swimming pool , sea , rivers and so on .
She burst into tears making efforts to leave that room as fast as possible .
I have a dog named Atlas and he is an Berner Sennen/ Landser .
Not only that , I was lost for choices as I flipped the menu as there was a huge variety of southeast Asian food that ranges from Thai food , Indonesian food , Chinese food and the list goes on .
Also lifestyle was completely different , the industry had not developed technology that now allows you to be more efficient and several people did the work now can be done with a few of them .
My name is Gerard Jones and rather than telling you that I always wanted to work with children .
As a result , they will not make enough money to afford their livings in urban areas and even face problems of poverty .
Our generation is more developed and diverse in spheres of modern culture , including arts , music , literature etc .
At last is the character of Hannibal Lecter one of a kind , there is no other movie where you will find a figure like him .
And one of the most important thing for me , new homes should fly in the sky .
One advantage of zoos is that they give people the chance to see and learn about animals .
It is then their responsibility to communicate the message to all members of their community .
The moment the door opened was the most exciting in Anna 's life .
Firstly , it is a good idea for young children do physical activity that is the first step to do exercise , then to compete sports will make competitior to make an extra effort .
It would be a good idea to recycle paper , glass , metal and plastic .
If you want to be a doctor , you should do this three things .
It is never the attractive option , but it is the one which shows more solidarity .
In the movie of Rust and Bone , Ali takes Stephanie going out and swimming , even has sex with her , helping Stephanie to restore her life .
We had to check if everything is correct : sound , light , special effects .
Now let 's return to the present because we have a lot of work to do if we want to live in that kind of future eventually .
More and more people nowadays try to find some ways of relaxation , due to a fast pace of life and stress .
For example , every day we are invaded by facts form news on TV but it very often happens that some information are left in the background whereas less important information are spread in their place .
" Excuse me ? " His voice boomed louder this time .
I think pay expensive tax on personal car can reduce the use of cars or other vehicles in order solve the traffic problems .
For example I can cite the importance of the unwritten rules in my own culture , the Brazilian culture .
In my opinion , I will use the public transport , not always but more than the car although you travel slower because I want to save our planet , that the rising generations can live in good conditions .
Meet their Patron saint San Isidro and get the most out of their memorable party in his honor .
This could hardly satisfy an ordinary questioner like me , not only an interviewer from a daily journal .
Even though , study a language become easier because of the internet , fluency is harder to get when you study by yourself .
In this essay , I will think about the effects of these popular sporting events .
He knew that among his innermost feelings there was a growing icy animosity towards human nature .
Maybe he 's too coward to admit it but yes , he 's inlove with Celine .
Cars have the ability to take you from your home to your place of work , without any stopovers .
I really love childrens and take care of them , I also had an experience of working in summer camps and have a good experience doing delicious food because I already did this stuff in other camps .
Despite the fact that there is n't any holywood star all the characters are played very believable and some scenes wo n't let you sleep .
Most Bulgarian parents are not agree their children to start school at 6 years old .
Last , but not least , what is the fee ? I want to find a college , which is not so expensive .
So for me shopping is very enjoyable and I always forget about my problems when I try on new clothes , which suit to me .
It had been told that anyone who stepped through it would be cursed , but Alice 's willingness had been stronger than her fears .
The only exception is volleyball - I just ca n't play it , I even do n't know why .
Watching to our national teams games , I got the conclusion that we have no need to check our heart condition .
Stephan went to the hospital immediately to see how Sarah was .
Personally for me shopping is very pleasant , but sometimes it can be a little tiring .
Firstly , a better transport agency should be found for the former difficulties to be prevented .
I was very inspired by your idea and decided to organize an even with charity club members in my school as well .
In comparisson with a bus ticket that costs four pesos and you are sure that sooner or later it will come .
The first time when I ride on the horse I was 14 and since that time I enjoy it very much .
If you share your own car with other people , you will save money .
The rising number in deadly car accidents raise an important question to all of us .
There is a four hundred distance and ten barriers ahead - that 's where you 'll show what you got .
Besides , while being as an exchange student in the USA during my school years , I have improved my English speaking and communication skills .
In the town center there are most attractions as well as one of the best bars in the region " the Albastirca " .
Not only Taiwan is different from Greece in currency sovereignty , it also wins in government 's efficiency .
When it 's a good weather , I enjoy jogging near the house .
I am a bartender who has awarded three times in international bar - show contests .
Currently I am very interested in working in the States in order to improve my English level .
I hope you consider my application and look forward to hearing from you soon .
- I 'm absolutely sure that you need n't drink coffee every morning .
I am writing to inform you about one of the most interesting place in our town .
There are many games that children can play like : cricket , badminton , football etc .
Furthermore there are many places where tourist can buy many things , such as a typical mate or a picture from the obelisco porteño .
Secondly , we need preparation of metal plates that subsidiarize with skilled machinsts .
On the 4th of April I met a group called Emblem3 .
If there is a bus or train available , it will stop at almost every village .
His mother would be probably working , she was a realtor and would be selling a house .
Not only because of the oil'prices , but also the costs of enssurance , the car , the parking taxes , etc .
In the evenings we would arrange different activities , like plays , singing , dancing .
One of my favorite restaurants in Málaga is called Sun and Shine .
Tom has joined a volunteering team at St. Michael 's Hospital and this was his first day .
Not only that , what prides itself as the most influential vehicle - as most public recognized - is the automobile .
" Do you have ice - creams ? " I asked nervously .
First of all , I have to say that I totally depend on the Internet .
Actually , in my opinion , in the future there will be faster transport .
One of them was intercepted by a man on a motorcycle , he seemed to have 28 year .
There are a lot of interesting tv programs where we can learn something and there are also intriging television programs .
But now I really enjoyed , and me best friend both for me ticket for a theatre to see the musical show , which was amazing , for cuople of hours I did n't move , was a brilliant present .
His name is Mohamed but he is normally called Franco , an easier name to use in Italy , the Country where he is working .
The chefs take great care in selection the best quality ingredients and the service is great .
If you like mountain , you could start your travel on the North , a region called Asturias .
But also when I 'm working on a project which involves business , I feel rewarded .
I do n't like to travel by boat , because it 's unconfortable and it takes a fortune till you arrive at your destination .
You have never to surrender : until the last ball has bounced twice on the ground , you have to keep fighting , regardeless of the score .
Even if we do n't , stinging will cause a burning sensation , swelling and then a blister at the point of sting .
However sometimes we need to sacrifice something when we do n't have enough time for everything .
In conclusion , before read the article I have never realized the importance of using drama in an English class .
It would really be helpful if the government make tighter resrictions , in today 's world , lots of constrication companies and factories are not admission , they are destroyed the forest , farmland and wetland , charging waster water and emitting greenhouse gas , it lead to a serious enviorment problem .
You have enough time to try to use your capabilities and at the same time discover your own calling .
I think that I 'm good for this job , because I really sociallize with children .
Our town is often connected with Tomáš Baťa .
Let 's imagine : you can choose between plane , train and boat .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either help you or agonist you and in the popular say is right that say " do n't delay the work of this day to the next day " because our works will accumulate then it become more hard to finish it .To ensure best use of time in our life , we need to be punctual.punctuality avoid tension and trouble things , finally even scientists have another vision about time , they discover that time is the fourst dimension by relative theory which exchange all concepts in science .
The weather was fantastic : the sun was shining and birds were singing .
At first , I had called a travel agent but he said he could n't be able to book me a flight before two months , so I called my brother who heavily regret me for not having told him about the trip and he promised me he would have booked a flight sooner than that good for nothing agent .
When I first watched the game between Green Bay Packers and Detroit Lions I was in stuck .
Starting with the social skills , it is obvious that a football match is a dispute , a game we involve in with the intention to win .
She intended to prove that medicine is suitable field of study for her .
People who are based on rural and remote areas are always prefer to use public transportation according to the researchers from Columbia University .
Normally , I 'm not spending a lot of time on going shopping , even when I really need something .
My task was to find a band of musicians who would play at our concert .
After the bus arrived he ride on and half an hour he arrived to the destination .
So , these are the advices I can give you , hope that it can help you when you come to my country .
Also , you can interact longer with other passengers especially native Indonesian , just in case you need to explore more about Indonesia as you would like to get temporary job here .
As you asked me , I rather sailing on the river than climbling a wall because I want to connect with nature .
As we know public transportation has not a direct way to fulfill our all destinations then it force us to stop in many stations first , moreover we should take the other one to reach our destination so it is already obvious why using a car is better .
Additionally , the pollution , such as haze , will be decreased because fewer people using the car .
This can only be explained because he is a good boy and she was ( probably ) confused .
She lost her job when war started , as well as her husband - Tom 's father .
And you can never really say a teacher in the mountain is miserable unless you have experienced being one .
Everyone in that school knows him and how flirt he is . '
Because at this time we have a lot of interesting activities like concerts , festivals and so on .
I will also make reference to some suggestions that might help to improve the exchange programme .
Learning in schools , however , provides valuable opportunity for children to learn not only from teachers , but also from relationships between peers , and as a result , proves the way for being independent in the future .
Then , suddenly , we heard something falling on the doormat . "
By doing this , we begin to realize the magic in this play .
A historic building in one of the most luxurious places in Barcelona .
But there had been a snowstorm and he could n't drive through the snow .
A student group use to meet at the College Theatre every Monday for watching films and afterward discuss about them , but you 're not alone !
To sum it up I strongly suggest that the visitors stay as much as possible in this town as it has almost everything that a man needs .
They decided to stop until the next day , as the dig was almost finished .
As most college students will soon leave for university and will live in dorms , without their parents , they are oblidged to solve malfunctions by themselves .
But if you do not have money , prices can only destroy your day because you know that you can not afford it .
Not only was it going to change my life , but also other person 's life .
Besides , I have worked always productively in a team and GMP was common .
I am writing because I recently see your advertisement and I am interested in it .
I hope my advice was useful and I look forwored to seeing you next year the ,
As a retired nurse , I have a high sense of safety and harm prevention .
This to me means that you can always control your attitude and effort .
I hope I was helpful . I look forward to hearing from you .
Often enough you have to rely on other services such as busses or taxis to reach your destination .
Events like these confirm that Canada is no longer immune to attacks on home soil .
Dogs and cats are called " furkid " not only because their bodies are covered with fur , but also because their hosts regard pets as kids .
So should be careful about the importance of time .I hope to not waste it and use it as the best use for giving opportunity for rising .Those who waste it , will be behind and they will fail to make a mark in their life .
I am used to deal with people and their orders to eat and also , I am getting used to working long hours as I study while I am trying to get a job .
She has a wonderful body , but in her face you can see the perfection .
Jack lived with his mommy , he had no job , and when she had told him to be independent , he only lasted one month before going on poverty .
However , there are two kinds of vacation , a real vacation and a dream vacation .
And there 're a lot of people who want to be popular , so they are going to buy trendy clothing .
Besides , we have to watch if the band have everything that they need : something to eat and to drink , I was responsible for it .
It is highly recommended that the government should provide adequate financial support to traditional small businesses .
Huang Ji Huang is located in popular district in North Jakarta which many people call it PIK .
When freddy begin to sings the kids screams and they sing with Freddy the famous Freddy Fazbear 's Song , Bonny plays the battery and Chica serves the pizza to the children , This year the stablishment close because they found the body of a dead child .
Malcolm Young is a guitarist that with his brother founded the rock band : AC / DC .
It would be advisable to accommodate classes in the main building that offers enough space for smaller classes .
They have faced with different events in their lives and every event has had many lessons for them .
You know the Big Theater is one of the oldest in Russia with very rich traditions of ballet school .
However , for 40 - 49 years old it is both 40% for career and interest .
On the negative side , the use of Internet can be a waste of time in our lives ; this happens because although search is faster , we can distract looking at other things on account of the attractive of the Internet .
Because everybody drive their cars and motorcycles on road that the traffic jam will not only be the serious problem to the government but also be the safe problem to citizens .
It would be incredible if you start your trip in Cartagena which is a caribean and tropical city .
Moreover , women in the Afro - American society where threatened in the most denigrating ways , men were the undisputed authority in the house .
Trivago use this way to enhance its brand image and competitive advantage since the value of its services is increased .
In the car you do not have a timetable to be respected , you 're free to leave , to go home when you want ... not sit still to snow , rain , cold .
He helped them after they finished their session and took them to the meeting room .
Watching national geographical or discovery channels takes us into a world of animals where we get to see numerous wild animals and their characteristics which are really interesting .
Now in every country we have lot of transportation means as planes , trains , undergrounds , cars , ships , and rockets .
If we are working with sameone in the same jobs , and who lives near or he is our neighbour , we can go to the work in the same car , this way we use less oil .
My favourite kind of movie is horror , actually my favourite movie is " The orphan " .
Or sometimes they give you too much food so you have to throw it away .
Grandma is so sweet , but at the same time crazy as well .
If are not used to do it you can make a mistake , and then it is when the sport became dangerous .
However , when Sergio finished his studies he was hired by Microsoft in United States .
I know from personal experience that it is worth tasting the gourmet sampling menu .
We need to do something to prevent it , before it 's too late .
Recently , in many towns , there is also a new system for moving around the city .
Therefore I reckon my experience can trained me to be admitted as a suitable candidate of engineering and I will work hard to achieve my goal .
I carefully approached the window of the house and I see two men with the paintings .
You must watch it too , because your favorite actor also in this film .
In spite of that the weather has to be warm in summer , you should bring with you not only light clothes but also jacket for rainy day .
Finally , after a few minutes of walking , Alison approached a tree .
I went to the Vatican and Rome , I saw their massive buildings which were impressive and their old houses .
The Sforzesco Castle is another suggestive historic monument and the green Sempione park is one of the best place where people can practise sport or can attend a yoga class in the middle of the wildlife .
Not only does River Boat Disco has its own experienced DJ , but it also has a buffet which is more then appropriate for this occasion .
In my country for instance , people starts playing football at the very early age .
I had the opportunity to have different language classes , such as English , French and Spanish .
Volunteer work provides an organization with free resources to help it achieve goals .
China has the power and freedom to decide the way to settle the dispute .
Then , he came to know that there was a class that provide homeless people with skills of cleaning floor for free .
It was the unofficial end of the relationship , the decision before the actual talk .
Though he was unwilling to sit there as because abul kaka or my father should be seated there .
In addition , as I was determined to build my career as a teacher since my very childhood and , moreover , I definetely have a way with children of any age , after graduation I gained experience at University and local school .
So it is not just a fundamental element of being a good person but also effects on your society .
There was a boat by the share and as soon as i went on board it started to move .
Now let me give you some advice about how to get to my place in Madrid .
In conclusion , I highly recommend this film for those who like drama and plot twists .
A very large number of people also play football at an amateur level .
My favourite song is a song called Chandelier with an artist called Sia .
To sum up let people aware about the drawbacks of phones and use it wisely .
In my opinion , public transport has been improved during the last years , because cities has been doing a lot of investment for that .
-"So , you 'll be at the party tomorrow , right ? "
Or will they be made from iron and have strong door and barred windows ?
Secondly , the huge amount of litter floating in the rivers and sea 's water destroys the ecosystem and has a high visual impact .
Anyway I have to find a bird to develop myself and take a rest .
I bet if somebody wants to have some fun he or she can just choose the right Chanel or movie such as comedies , video gags or funny TV shows .
The next day , on Tuesday was hard for me to get up , but the simple fact of seeing my classmates it was so much easier .
Once arrived , we unloaded the car and we went to the store .
The less we use cars , the less traffic we shall see in the roads .
And I would like to know what is the most popular programme among teenagers in your country
As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy is that the garbage needs to be separated into 3 parts that is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycle bins , one for food and green garbage , one for only papers and catroons and the last is for the rest .
Nevertheless , in the test I received fewer points in " need for achievement / success " than it was required for being an entrepreneur .
Everyone should have a sport , when you are doing it , you do n't think about anything more .
In the end , if it is a good sheet , the porcedure is packaging and distribution , including cutting into separate bank notes , packing , dispatching .
This kind of job is very useful if you want improve your English skills .
It goes without saying that I am form petroleum country and I intend to work in OPEC as representative of my country and enhance the Ministry of Oil translation staff with highly educated translators .
Last but not least , the booming prosperity often parallels the numbers of job in the city .
But , in fact , the car provides much better mobility needs , both in the big cities as on the countryside .
As all of us know that today 's generation prefers everything to be their own .
I am writing this letter because we need to improve the facilities in the gym .
The hotel had 8 floors and the workers lived on the top floor .
The idea of make a film comes up a Saturday night at a meeting of friends .
If you are a fashion lover you should visit Linda and Nany 's .
An other reason for loving this sport is that having a racket in hands , for me , is beautiful .
Maybe someone wishes to make some little surprise for me , does n't he ? " " Ok , lets open it !
His mother told him that he did a great job because he studied so hard .
For studying a language , people need to communicate with others to improve their speaking and listening levels and read variety of overseas book to increase their reading and writing skills .
As a matter of fact , severe punishments can partly decrease the rate of offences .
Two perfect stigmas for a man and a woman in general .
So my proposition is to post some informative letters and posters around the city , and give bigger punishment for littering!Also from the government side to increase of trash bins and facility staff members .
I think this restaurant would be suitable for us because it is a great place for all , it is in the center and the most important her food is really tasty .
In my opinion I do not agree with what journalists do , or to me if I were a movie star , a famous man who has done many performances I do not like every hour of the day to be pursued by journalists .
I tend to drive with my bicycle from home to work , I do n't used my car or buses for long time , because is not healhty and costs .
That is all I would like to say at this point .
Besides , you have the chance to take part in international competitions if you stand out .
Some of them have to mature for that and some of them feel it from the beginning .
I do nt know why , it 's always accur to me .
After listening to the small story , some people were deeply moved by the happy ending , however , others thought it was unrealistic .
I 'm sure you 'll agree Pompei is the most important archeological site in the world .
The aim of this report is to describe Schedrin 's School of arts for children and youth .
It will be better of course to join a club or to get a trainer to guide .
Futhermore like Michael Phelps said : " There will be obstacles , there will be doubters , there will be mistakes but with hard work ... there are no limits " .
For example , Kyoto is a popular place to visit because it has a lot of invaluable temples .
I am the eldest of my family so I had to take care of my sisters and cousins .
My favourite film of the last few months is " Scent of a woman " .
This is a job about all the information material on a cruse , and media manager works with other managers on a cruise .
Also , the satisfaction from the customers pushes me to work harder and be better on my job .
The professor says that the claims in untrue , because the material , from which the cells are produced , is very expensive .
The truth is , that the perfection would be that all people could work in their dream jobs and of course , making a lot of money , like for example Hollywood actors or football players but this is almost impossible .
At work , bosses may reduce employee 's salaries if their job gets affected because of distractions that are produced by social networks .
Mathematics , English and environmental knowledge Quiz programs on TV aid the mental development of children .
As for my personal experience of sports , I do n't do it professionally .
The positive effect is that it is possible to be in contact with your friends and family whenever wherever .
My favourite sport is football , and I enjoy because I love football players .
Therefore , the best way is leaving 30 minutes everyday for reading and beginning to read at once .
I remember those years and I would like that my children will practise it when they will be oldest , an interesting sport .
The parking should be free of charges , it would attract more people and increase the income overall .
My favourite team is Real Madrid and my favourite player is Cristiano Ronaldo .
At any time of day or night , we could see people eating in all kinds of eating establishments , from restaurants to food stalls in the streets .
Among all of them , one of the places you must visit in Brazil is the Amazon Theater , located in Manaus , the town of Amazon State , in the north of the country .
I was happy helping those people , because money from the tickets were donated to a nursing house .
It is surprising the amount of nice people next to you sometimes , and it is a question of spending some time to realize that you have now new friends .
Television has become one of the means to reduce the stress levels.besides providing entertainment television has also become a source of information .
This practical experience gave me the opportunity to understand the importance of supervision .
She feels bad , but she does n't really know what to say .
And Chandler works in an office but he does n't really like his job .
With concerted efforts , we have made a great stride in environmental protection in recent years as seen in the declining number of waste and increasing number of greenery .
The reason why I would advise someone this sport is that the children who are not interested in there studies or would not be able to study .
The most historical place is the Pyramids , they were built since more than 7000 years ago .
This makes the game war - like and very special to Tamils .
She was woken up very early by the sun coming through her window .
Firstly , we have a big issue on global warming . We can not deny that we have more and more extreme weather around the glove due to green house gases .
The film is about this CIA assassin who ca n't remember his past , but he knows he 's chased by the agancy .
But which one , public transport or our own car we will be choosing more often in future ?
The last documentary I saw was a documentary of National Geographic called Ocean .
I hope my advice makes sense to you and that it helps with your decision .
It was in Martin 's party where there was amazing music and lots of people .
This unfortunately was only an excuse he was only pretending to retired as he already signed a contract to drive Mercedes .
On the one hand , your relatives are the people who will be always part of you .
As such , referee explains the rules of the game through their captains i.e. Health and Safety .
They often notify all the town 's civil that spending a free day on clearing all rubbish on the beach and on the roads of town .
The next year , in October , I 'll go as aupair to Oxford . where I hope to learn English .
And do n't worry if you are not able with sports that involve using a tool you can always be the goal keeper in your team .
Without enough money you will not be able to be in good shape to work .
You will thus broaden your way of thinking and in the end as you learn you will enhance your intelligence .
However , the disadvantages are that you do not know how to behave in another culture .
Without a second thought i decided to follow the directions on the puzzling map .
A comparison between people who like to use a public transport and private transport shows that first one can save money and time but also they are in relax much more than people who use private transport .
In addition , having been equipped with my rather good English - speaking skills and cross - cultural communication skills obtained during the working time as a receptionist for a Canadian mining company , I feel very confident and amicable while dealing with customers .
It had been a very extensive and tiring day to all of them but Mike felt he had achieved something really good because fortunately he was won as the most valuable player too .
Then , there was a slight increase to about 95 times per year in 1985 .
Today I will speak with me manager . I will intent drive less and I go to places for mysheft .
However , young people generally do n't pay enough attention to their health and fitness .
For instances , the students joining the sports team needs to do some basic physical training to maintain their body shape .
American newspapers wrote that Boris Yeltsin acquired new status for his defiant stand , also mentioning that the people had knew a little about him .
This is because technology has become a relevant tool for work and study in particular and an important instrument in life in general .
The things some of them wanted , unbelievable!Luckily , I had some other students helping me find all the curious things for the famous .
For another , the subway is able to transport a number of people around the city .
I understand completely that some types of public transport such as airplanes and ships , will exist some time .
This is a fact which indicates the public transport there is no future in our society .
He still needs to find an ATM to withdrawl some money to pay for his appointment .
However the comedy club is easy to find and is accessible by metro and taxi .
Twice a week a street market offers guests and residents a wide range of daily goods which have been harvested in the area and are sold by locals .
In this way , he moved to his new neigborhood where everybody respected him .
In the summer around the lake are so many concerts so you have the difficulty finding the right one .
I advise the parents to let the children begin swimming as soon as they can , provided they are interested in it .
I am glad to hear that you are interested in visiting Brazil next summer .
Suddenly , she looked at the calendar on the fridge and realized that today 's her birthday .
The course took place in the Training center in Regent Street - London on the 14 - 15 of May , as scheduled .
The first part of the questionnaire dealt with leisure time activities on holidays .
Genes could be changed before a baby is born thus , inherited illnesses would no longer exist .
Telephones changed , technology became smarter and allows people to stay connected everywhere they go .
At Friday they serve special food for those who do n't have enough money to pay .
So , do n't be lazy , get up and start running .
The best manufacturers of clothes , linnen , accessories have their shops there . Jewellery and watch shops can also be found nearby .
It is inevitably true that , excessive use of public transport leads to higher level of pollution .
He already knew that he was late but he could not go now , so he decided to cheat her mother .
There is a scene , at the very end , where you can see a transformation .
So , what we need is to devote much more money and time to improve the public transport .
Working with children I have learned to be more patient and moreover I am able to motivating them to do the best of themselves .
Last , I 'll propose a solution of a common and near problem .
As per our meeting , we will be waiting for your input regarding the following points :
He invested in our education and today he has much admiration on our life and our decisions .
EstiNet Technologies Inc. provides reliable technical supports to our valued customers .
Where is our free time and what are you doing with your lifestyle ?
Your body requires many types of vitamins in order to function properly , which are found in fresh or boiled vegetables and fruits .
The effect of adult movies on the Internet can cause offence such as rape .
shows and new ones by turns , so I can not say what TV
I hope that my fortitude will help me during this short sojourn .
I do n't feel that . because he has five sisters and three brother .
Her little brother was still sleeping with an empty stomach and eyes still wet .
Through the demonstration , Trivago can show to the audience how easy to use its mobile application to find a worthiest hotel .
10 years ago , I was a child , and I can seldom eat meat in dinner .
Consequently , those punishments make the drivers have to concentrate on driving only , therefore , minimize the amount of accidents .
The most important ones are probably hotchpotches : mashed potatoes and vegetables , often combined with smoked sausage .
Later , the United States House of Representatives approves a resolution to military intervene in Cuba if necessary .
While solving the puzzle , I decided to count how much pieces was left , after counting them I realized that five pieces were missing .
His feet crunched on the unknown as he walked through the abandoned hallways .
In this place " Stella d'oro " the owners prepare delicious rolls .
If you starting this sport you need to think it 's funny to play it .
Today , I wake up at 07.00a.m and catch up some of kind bread with jam , drinks a coffee but more than often just has time for half mug and runs to work .
I woke up knowing it was the most important day of my life .
In capital cities of Europe one can easily notice how many people prefer their own means instead of the pushing crowd of public transportation .
As a result I spent the time playing the piano until I felt far more confident .
He founded it strange because he always lock the door and the only people that had the keys was he and his father .
The companies who produce products with harmful ingedients are very mighty so that this suggestion is very hard to enforce .
And most people think about what they wear , although some do n't care about there clothing .
To introduce my skills , I passed all exams in English at school and I can speak English well .
I would be interested in attending a course for one month , possibly in August .
There is no future for public transportation , is in my opinion a wrong assumption .
I have seen your advertisement on the Internet and I am really interested in it .
I came upon your ad on the newspaper and I wish to apply for the job .
I had never felt so nervous ... I looked in the audience , everyone was looking at me .
And because we have our own factories and professional machines , we can easily to avoid the price competition .
And we need to know the reason for these changes and what we can do to improve it .
We got to see the new Bond movie and also the blockbuster Spiderman 3 there .
I believe that if we aim for a change , then the change should start with us .
However , there might be still room for public transport in future , especially in big cities .
I was impressed and I find this a good feature of his personality .
As I said earlier , I graduated from High School which was a huge relief .
In every chapter new clients go to this hotel and have a lot of crazy , funny and sarcastic situations , between workers , owners and customers .
Ms. Luhr needs to find the goods which work for her .
Also I am able to work with children as I used to be a tutor in the sport summer camp .
I would like to apply for this position due to my experience in this field .
One night he went away slamming the door , still cursing while running down the stairs .
Michael was disappointed because he thought that Princes Sophie did n't love him anymore .
How many times in the last ten years have we given up GPS and used a common paper map for a trip ?
In the television commercial , the narrator tells the audiences to download the Trivago mobile application in their mobile phone .
All right , I 'm going to give you some advice .
I was studying a lot and now I 've got some days to rest .
If I had to suggest a sport to do for children , I would recommend it because whether it makes everyone be in shape , it is healthy and guarantee an upper level of wealth .
He selected people to into in a chinese room , there was a computer in chinese language with diferente symbols , the american was a diferente behavior , they did not understand what was in the computer screen .
I 'm glad you have graduated the school and that you have plans to go to the university .
Alison always through : " If I would not have told this story to my friends I had passed all evening with Juan "
In addition , driving by yourself you are not limited by the stations you have to visit .
Meanwhile you can have a good time drinking some bubbly .
The children are aged between ten and sixteen and they enjoy playing football and swimming .
He meets a strong opponent who is winter soldier when he wants to find out the wirepuller .
Compared with EAP course , it tend to be taken responsibility for finishing assessments independently , especially for academic writing .
If one book was burned , there were ten books more without restriction .
Therefore , it is inevitable that we have to learn to be part of the society .
They will not only see one type of history but many because Italy , for many centuries , had an important function for exchanges and commerce .
In three to four years ago , htc makes so much money in the Europe , Taiwan and Japan .
I this week , I went to the country Is was very funny because we went to the cinema and we eat in a lot of different restaurants .
For a very long time I 've been doing my best to separate rubbish and then , it was really bright summer morning , I saw that special yellow bin for paper and glass was emtied by the same car with the other rubbish ...
In my bedroom there is a brown bed , a yellow drowers , a little light brown bedside table and a big brown wardrobe .
I think that it is a wonderful idea to collect different experiences before starting university studies .
Lining the streets are small second - hand shops , cafes , markets and boutiques that are daily visited by the local people .
I would feel more energtic throughout the day If I have some busy or tight scheduled work , I have come across your advertisement For this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every aspect because I have a friendly move with people in and around me . I would be pleased to know for your positive reply .
Michael had always seen her in the hallways , smiling and laughing .
Even though any mode of transportation is not bad , for me the train is the best option .
It is not only cheaper , but also saves you from such problems as lack of parking places and reduce traffic jams .
The metro , which is a means of public transport , solves all these problems .
The coup , due to lack of organization and support by the military forces , failed three days after .
The name of my Best Friends are Agustina , Emilia and Micaela , we are strange friends , we anre in 6º together and in that moment we bacame friends .
But once one of her friends told me that before the kiss , everything was to be ok .
This sport cause fresh and jolly me and I think will exercise cause healthy.if you start volleyball , you need a ball and piece of ground that separate with tie .
Mirabel , Aquamar and Siroco are the trendy restaurants .
One of my favourite restaurants is one located in a delightful town called Ubeda .
Some people are convinced that public transport has no future because the car is so much more convenient .
Surgery is our last resort if the condition is severe and all the previous lines of treatment failed .
as requested , i have investigated the features of the main means of transports which are used in my local area .
At home I have separate garbage bins for paper , plastic and organic wastes .
Have you been studying English for years , but still ca n't say a word ?
So if you will go to the A 's you will find it by the lights .
I have many choices for lunch but I prefer Hu Tieu or Pho .
In view of these favourable conditions , higher expectations could be set to improve the learning progress and enhance the learning performance of NCS .
l like the cool breeze from the oacen while i 'm walk along on the shore and listening to my favorite music .
We travelled to London by plane , but to come back we travelled by car abd boat .
Someone else can just help you think out and be nothing but supportive .
If you use public transport for long distances in a city , you will often change the bus .
There always will be the kitchen , because we must eat , always will be the bathroom - you know why .
She 's from Marocco , so she has Arabian features , for example , she is n't very tall , around 1,57 metres , she has long dark wavy hair and black expresives big eyes .
In march of 2014 I got my First Certificated English Level and I would be delighted to up my level and get the Advance Level and this chance to join your company would be a great opportunity to improve my English .
Faces in the Crowd is an excellent option for those like me who love watching thriller movies .
She is a great woman hardworking , responsible , kind , friendly , intelligent and an amazing person .
Yesterday , Tom woke up at 7 o'clock in the morning as he usually does .
Furthermore , even you just buy something you can afford , you may also waste much more money .
He was completely different ; it was impressive the way he was acting .
I do n't know if I can agree to that but I listened to them . :)
So on the day the vacation started I was the happiest I 've ever been .
At least we are not alone , she said and hugged her brother .
In addition to this , physical therapy is also an important way of treatment to maintain a full range of movement .
However , people who have bigger houses tend to compost the organic waste and that makes up for the disobedient .
Soviet époque , which had existed for 74 years , came to its end and this paved the way for establishment of new independent republics .
I have a degree in English and I can speak German and Spanish fluently .
I haven't got a family so I am independent and able to work wherever I can .
It is said that you are that you are wearing but in this report , we can check that it is not certain .
I would recommend this film because it is funny , entertaining and you can learn principles .
If you have any questions , please do n't hesitate to cantact me .
• Although the performers are women , is the language used sexist ?
When we got inside his house , we saw a lot of old pics on his wall , it was like a horror movie !
He DEVELOPED AN INTEREST in FOREIGN COUNTRIES .
It was also - if one wished to do so - relatively easy to ignore .
I like dance and sing too , I 'm very happy singing in the beach , especially if you stay with me .
Sometimes it is interesting to know a story by discovering their background first , is n't it ?
So the most important piece of advice I would give to everyone is : try ,
If there were a revolution in the city , obviously the fish would try to escape .
We studied hard together to prepare the university exam , shared about our problems and almost things has relatived with us .
If I suffer from any problem the first step I do is I try to go back to my lovely sister because deep inside I know she is only member that can assist me .
For example I use my computer to prepare exercises for my students or to look for funny and useful laboratory 's experiences of chemistry .
The whole business success would not have met perfection without the help of transportation to distribute their materials and commodities well .
I found out that the leaders of this organization are not realizing the beliefs and principles they are imparting to the public .
Of course , it may happen at times that I dislike what I discover !
At the weekend I usually go to the city centre with my friends too .
Then I woke up and realized it had all been a bad dream .
They were talking about their lives and he remembered like he knew her on the bus , maybe she have always been the woman of his live he looked at eyes and smile he wants to ask her whether now is not late to satart to know her but he decided leave the pub he walked to exit .
Another great reason for knowing languages is that people will like and respect you .
To be familiar with something is far different from being an expert in it , and it 's entirely manageable .
But if you eat at home you do n't need to be caring that somebody will look at you open your mouth too big or talk too loud .
The bad thing about it was that it took me a lot of time .
In terms of money it is much cheaper to travel by bus than to use your own car .
Something I can do is to make some research about the places that need people who speak Englsih fluently .
Mostly , they are more preferring to use public transport than the car because it can avoid the traffic block and save time to get into their workplace earlier .
Secondly , you should try to get as much speaking practice as possible .
I 've experienced this , so that 's why I am saying .
Do not forget to greet me when we met on the road .
The subject of the sentence can also be the force if the agent is inanimate .
Then you must pick the subway to your destination , so that means a waste of time , otherwise is cheaper , but what happens if you do n't have some coins to pay the bus driver ? here comes the problem .
To explain , there are a trend that many universities all over the world setting up the freely courses for the people who thirsty for knowledge , also often invited the famous scholar to give a speech to the public that is welcome for everyone .
My name is Chloé Dubé and I am both Italian and French .
I am Julia Timmerman from the Netherlands and I read your advertisement for working in summer camps in the USA .
He climbed the tree clumsily and managed to enter through the open window .
This is the reason why I 'm trying this web page .
He made our town well known and he had a shoe factory built here .
Although it had bad critics , the movie was well received by the audience ; not to mention Jennifer Lawrence 's appearance right after the hit of Hunger Games was great for advertising .
Hello ! My name 's Vanesa , I 'm 33 and I really enjoy watching soap operas .
All these changes make the learning process much more fun , creative and practical for the students .
I will always choose the health , because when a person is healthy he or she can do everything .
Using public transport can be not easy , because we have a strict time and normally we do not have a place to sit and that can be extremely desconfortable .
I can talk with my program 's director and try to get you the job .
This could be a drawback because not all the people are up to the task .
I think that children ca n't be supervised for their parents all the time because they have to work and make home tasks .
She was outside the church when a friend of her called to tell the new about the accident .
In spite of that , studies said there are cases in which public transport is unbeatable .
The difference is the good part will be kept while the bad part will be destroyed .
The fact that everyone from the community cand participate at our events is helping us to develop a positive relation between the college and the community .
In the following essay , I will outline two reasons to support my view .
If you want to practise this sport , you can simply take a couple of sneakers , and any light sportswear , and start to run anywhere .
But in the other side there are poor people that aspire to become rich .
that work looks depressing , demanding and stressful but is very rewarding and if you like the challenges you never will bored
What are we going to do about Susan ? " said the unfamiliar woman .
And also have my favorite players , Ronaldinho , Messi and Eto'o .
This is why the members of my family are my best friends .
The guide decided to go with Max to the see the puma for himself .
They follow the government 's advice to set the air conditioner temperature at 25 degrees of Celsius .
I 'm not good at playing it , if I prefer to play volleyball , but I like to watch the games .
So I decided not to pay any attention to it and carry on with my normal life .
When you go owling you do n't need words , or worm or any thing but hope .
The consequence is that they are easily to get sick with modern buildings , which would influence their mental health , and even worse .
I am also very cheerful and energetic , and am very good at organising fun activities .
She is very interesting and wise person , but the best is her humor .
You know that Russia is a big country and there are a lot of places to visit .
One argument in favour of this idea is that Peruvian people who learn English for a short period and then travel abroad , have an enhancement in just one or two months .
The two competition lifts in order are the snatch and the clean and jerk .
There are other famous people who not appear in television and they are chased by reporters .
This may be due to people are not aware about consequences of this bad habit- spreading the rubbish .
" Oh , shut up you delicate flower " said the girl . "
My first night was easy because only see the screen and pass the camera to camera and nothing strange happened , I could only hear footsteps and noises .
First , the fire , then agriculture , irrigation , and nowadays with technology .
Near The Roquetas Concert Hall , it can be found a Japanese restaurant named " Ichiban " , opened a few years ago , it 's not well known yet , but this does n't prevent that quickly gets busy at the weekends at lunch time .
Read a book or play football if that is what you like .
Also , I have studied French and Spanish and have participated in many group projects .
and you can spend some quality time on the beach or walking by the old city .
Once upon a time a mason called Nick that had a family of four , two sons and his wife but they had conflicts with the studies of their children , the money he earned was not enough to maintain the whole family they were in poverty .
There are some similarities ; however , differences in the educational system cause differences in the attitudes to education .
We are going to build an industrial plant to achieve our dream : storing renewable energies without using toxic materials and mining commodities from the Earth .
And obviously , you should n't be afraid of hights to enjoy skydiving fully .
In summer , you can enjoy many activities on the beach and also you can go hiking .
" Manjiare Di Roma " - An Italian Restaurant
In addition , could you tell me what job in the kitchens I should do ?
Therefore , he proceeded to have some drinks and to enjoy the night .
Oh , and please give your mother a huge hug from me .
One reason why I love this particular sport is because it 's based on cooperation .
I like books too but I ca n't read so good so I am not reading so hard books with hundreds of pages .
Those kinds of stimulus come from several sources and they help you in different measures to exercise the brain .
Everything has two sides and the choice of transportation is not an exception .
Firstly , GM food can have a positive impact on the problem of food safety .
I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as it is possible .
I remember when you told me once you was playing a violin for four hours .
I am a really cheery person , I like taking walks to the countryside and taking photos there in my free time and in my opinion I am a very tireless youngster .
In my class , I have a group of close friends , and they treated me very well .
the main one is , nowadays people are dead busy with their day to day life so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time for waiting on the way for the regular transport . also public transport is experienced lots of pollution which is harmful for human being .
Just after saying farewell to her homeland , she had met an old woman .
The key idea of this essay is the following : Italy in time of Berlusconi was almost entered bankruptcy however Michael is trying to avoid the Italian economy condition simply because he likes Berlusconi too much .
Other good features are the customs and the landscapes which give to the movie a very realistic image and carry the spectators to that time
Besides , I have undertaken an internship at the HSBC Risk in order to gain an insight into the banking industry and learn how to work with my peers in a business environment .
I believe we can decline the number of homeless people in Japan by providing them with information and skills .
- But it 's very late Margarita , OMGG ( Oh my green god ) it is very late I 'm goanna die .
Mass production has made cars more affordable to the middle class in recent years .
This is a forest , crossed by the border between France and Switzerland .
However I think that this type of technology might be doing more harm than good .
But no matter how fabulous it looks , it brings some consequences and even problems .
I 'm a chemist I ca n't kill people becasue I wanted to .
There was simply no alternative to this , especially if you lived in an agricultural society .
Firstly , the review of literature will define the word " entrepreneurship " in business context .
In the other hand , she had never been a talktive girl , so it 's usually me who is always talking a lot .
It is my aspiration to devote my time to the study of English and education .
there is some people treat time As something of my own , they have the right to wast it and the right to look after it .
For instance , my family do n't think that will happened in the next 10 years .
And whether this is taken positively , is completely up to the adults and youngsters themselves .
He has not spoken one word to Laura but she followed him around since the incident .
In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport has their own pros and cons but in my opinion the difference between both this is that in the secon you chose you own style .
I have just read your advertisement at your page for recruitment people in summer camps all over the USA .
I read books like DIARY of a Wimpy kid or like Percy Jackson .
You can have several dish such as fish , meat , seafood and a large cake .
I remember two contrats moments : One day we had to create a team to make an exercise which used brain , they chose me .
How are you doing ? I 've heard in the grapevine that you 're making a killing with your last pc program .
After 10 minutes a resignation letter was ready to bring it to Michael 's boss .
Television series , contests , movies , and news which do it all the time without us being aware of it .
When you are eating you can look some birds who are in the trees , so it make unusual and different this restaurant than others .
He closed the door and knew at that moment that he had made a mistake .
Of course I think that we should n't watch too much television .
Writing should be done naturally ; only then it serves its real purpose .
In my opinion , you should try to organise a schedule for your activities .
But if you know how to deal with your nervousity during exam period , you can take the success of passing exams for granted .
Indeed , using public transport is not only unsafe and uncomfortable , but also unhealthy .
The aim of this concert was to show that all children are the same .
These are quite interesting and have helped me to know deeper children 's pleasures .
Also , Films on soaring birds were played to explain the importance of birds in cleaning the atmosphere .
If everyone start using car for traveling ; the road wo n't be enough to everyone as there are seven billion people in the world ; and even for environment it is better to use as less as possible .
90% of our conversation includes football and we can talk all day about it for sure .
Although I 'm very grateful to my mom for great support in the most difficult time of my life .
He would like to invite Celine but he knew she would decline to him again and he 's not ready to be alone with her .
The first thing that we think is the pollution , the car smoke , factory smoke , etc ... but , have we thought in the food or clothes ?
Furthermore from the first time that I was in the gym I have known nice and friendly sportsman who try to give me advice not only how improve my techniques but how avoid injury .
It 's nice that you finally decided to come to visit me .
Yesterday I saw a nice present for her in the new mall of Jerez , called AreaSur .
At 6:20 I open my laptop , go to page : Youtube.com and start to study French with Mrs .
In conclusion , you will save , time , money and a foot ache so accept my advice and try to enjoy the rest of the time of the city .
He is my favourite person , and he always takes care of me .
We 'll see with ours own eyes in twenty , maybe fifty years .
How are you ? I am going to describe me so you will be able to reconize me when we meet at the train station .
Public transport may be the only option for individuals who do not drive or have access to a car .
I was so glad to have had this comic moment that I gave him a little offer and I invited him to come back again !
Even in this albums that the band abandon their own root and add a bite of the pop genre in it .
They can be conserved for a long time and shipping costs are very low .
I have my own plan too but I do n't same to them , I want to become a Journalist .
Sometime people get offended because of the crowd and the inconvenience caused by some people while using public transport .
My relatives and friends had prepared a surprise birthday party that i will never forget .
If you have enough money for Kiev luxury shopping called ' gold shoppping ' , you 'd rather go on Khreshatik street .
Every second , every day , every week , every year , the life goes on and the human discovers a new thing .
I was in a park when i saw a man standing just behind me .
My brother lives in Barcelona with him girlfriend and he is very happy with her .
If people take responsibility for their actions , we will avoid plenty of consequences .
You can find many types of spices , herbs , nuts , Turkish delight , etc .
So if you enjoy magic tricks , surprises , very handsome actors and splended actresses , why would you miss it ?
However , you need to understand that learning a new language is not an easy task .
It is clear that genes play a very important part in the person we are .
In my opinion , homeless people are victims because nobody wants to live without a shelter .
I speak both well English and French and I 'll be free all the summer until the end of October because I 've just finished High school .
Almost everybody has ever thought of taking a gap year between leaving school and starting university , but we do really know all the advantages and disadvanatges that it entails ?
I live in Italy and you should know that food is very important for us !
The model distinguishes three kinds of expected performances : individual- , groups- , and organizational performances .
In order to reuse , I convert all thing reusable , for example , plastic bottle as a plant pot ; glass bottle as a food container;I bring my reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a shopping plastic if a salemen offer me to bring .
Cars are much convenient but this not mean that all other means of transportation are not important .
There seems to be nothing better , nothing more interesting , exhiliring , breathtaking or stunning just as taking up this sport .
In conclusion , i hope that Riyadh city will be more interested in traffic jams .
They found a police near it and made the complaint , the group continued the bike ride and returned their hotel totally scared .
Grooms , brides and their parents usually have to book restaurant , hotel , invite singer and famous master of ceremony to make the wedding serious .
I demonstrated courteous and professional attitude and achieved a high rating in the customer satisfaction survey .
I 'm really happy that you are going to come to my country .
It is really crucial for me to adopt their way of teaching at this time .
I would like getting good advice about how can I make myself a better writer .
It can also be argued that children spend most of their time at school and not at home , making the school responsibility to pass good social values .
I like so much Ricki Rikonen , he is a ferrari team driver .
In the past people used technology as a tool for making survival an easier endeavor .
So in my opinion today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider more to feel good with your family and with yourself .
Learning languages is increasingly important in the teaching sector so I want to improve it .
Military service is people who is forced by the government be a part of the army to serve and protect the country .
" He made sure his voice was heard on the streets , to reafirm his social position .
They were Michael 's parents , his father was dead , but his mum no .
Sadly , I could n't meet Lady Gaga nor Justin Timberlake .
Instead of that , this amount of money can help the couple buy house or car for a new life .
I 've got a cousin who works as an English teacher and she has an academy right next to the city council .
On the one hand , there are a large amount of teenagers who have no idea for their future .
Keeping up one 's fitness is an important thing for everyone .
In conclusion , enjoy watching movies in your own TV considering prizes and qualities , some TV brings you the experience to enjoy your favourite movies in other scenery , will you try ?
Whatever you need , someone in Lancaster will sell it to you .
Beijing is the capital of China , it is the political , economical and cultural center , but also a city of long history .
This also gives the pupils the possibility of presenting their classmates to new knowledge - and the communicative situation is authentic .
So , if I can end my days , been a little bit like him , the work will be finished and I could say I have been a good father just like him .
I am writing to apply for a position working in a summer camp in the USA .
I am Xyz I have a 18 years old and I am student .
On the contrary , I grow up with many " no " , and I do not always agree with them in different situations .
I went to Ninh Thuan two weeks ago , and I could make sure that it is one of the most beautiful beaches in Viet Nam .
The school is the Spanish institution in charge of training the Spanish navy officer class .
Michael had always been a good boy : responsible , quiet , always on time and always the first of his class .
Basically , there are a lot of drawbacks using this kind of transport .
In conclusion , as a great teacher said , we have 21st century students learning with 20th century tools the 19th century knowledge .
I would like the local town council to help us find out what is happening .
At sixth grade , I realized that they did n't really love me , or even like me .
As the movie develops , it has lots of interesting turns that let the viewer form his / her own conclusions .
I do not agree with the statement that there is no future for public transport .
Walking is also a sport that almost everybody can do .
I met her in second grade , we were queuing to go to class , that was the moment I saw her .
Ten years showed me that I can do everything for myself if it is enough for me ....
Local Parliament haven't regulated principles or rules of the environment , then ecosystems have been destroyed , rivers are contaminate and pollution had reised inside my town .
When people are avaible to tavel to other continents or far away , they may need a plane , wicth is a public transport , to complete the journey because the have tu cross oceans and clomplicated distances that have different landforms .
Granada can be consider a clean city as regard of rubbish treatment .
Why do n't we want to give people entertaning us a chance to be themselves and to have a really private life ?
The police should help and make sure that we are safe , right ?
To conclude , there are strong arguments for and against keeping animals in zoos .
I 've been interested in play an instrument since I was a child .
it 's a team sport , the team it 's made of 5 people and you need a ball and a hoop .
I am a volunteer and I work as a babysitter . I can cooking .
It is known that Internet makes things easier than ever and can be used for everything .
people use their car for travel a long o short distance , this is really comfortable because you can manage the speed and where you will direct .
Nowadays , they are living a happy life and everyday Alison has to make him remember their life .
These are defined as plant - derived substances and occur naturally with no or minimal manufacturing processes that manage and remedy various health conditions effectively ( Bent , 2008 ; Tachjian ; Maria and Jahangir , 2010 ) .
Now , public transport is not the future , because travelling by car is much more convenient .
On the other hand , to someone who did not have these when they were more young and active , such as grandmothers and grandfathers , the new instruments are just things that they can not use nor understand .
There are various kinds of different things that happened in peoele 's life , some may be normal and nothings special , while others may be meaningful and unforgettable that you will remerber it for a long time .
In my opinion , recent graduates are ambitious , without prejudices and most of them are not family people as of yet .
Angie and the store detective ran after " the false disabled " but he was younger and obviously , he ran faster .
To start with cars are going to be made by using the high technology at lower cost , therefore affordable to all .
We believe we will continue to make progress and make our home a better place to live in .
And I recommend you to start looking for a football club to start playing with another players .
At first , it was an extreme challenge for me to handle students in the mountain .
One summer vacation , I went on a trip to Paris with my family .
Among a variety of sports , there is the football also known as soccer .
Everyone felt so delighted but unfortunately now people feels uncomfortable when it comes to travel via public transport .
Even knowing that not too much has changed our options nowadays still make the television a very good tool to get a family together and spend an enjoyable time .
My favourite subjects at school is mathematics , geography , and of course English .
So , I had started to learn English very frequently and pretty hard .
As a consequence , theory and examples proceed together in a such natural way , that the reader must exclaim undoubtedly , as if she / he were before a Sherlock Homes ' investigation : « That 's it !
Consider a good prize and good quality by checking and visiting stores , you should not spend too much money by buying the biggest TV or largest , you can save money by only watching few minutes on stores , have your sit , enjoy and list if you are convinced .
I have just found a cheap accommodation in a hostel which is very convenient to all the facilities .
Should schools spend more on computers and software than on textbooks ?
I have big family contains from my father and mother and I have seven brothers and three sisters .
The purpose of this report is to inform visitors of Leonberg about our shopping facilities .
Humans are social animals , we communicate because communication is in our genes , if we do n't communicate we go insane .
For example , North and South Korea are two countries against each other , but every year they still have a friendly football match .
This is clearly seen when driving in the route and suddenly you see a bull or a cow in the middle of the way .
Twenty years ago , no one would think of the inventions of Ipad or smarthphone and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become the necessities of our daily lives ; nowadays , many people just got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
It is not necessary to agree with each other in everything where we always debate and challenge whose opinion is correct .
He 's not only doing excellently as a student however he 's been known as one of the popular students because he works voluntarily as a couch to the younger kids in his town .
It was something new to me and that 's why attracted me so much .
I am particularly concerned about my speaking skills and I hope I will not be so nervous in front of the teachers .
Learn English as a second language will help brazillians to get a better job and have more opportunities in their careers .
First of all I would like to tell about atmosphere of the film .
Feeling scared all the time will not stop me from loving her .
This is a testable claim and Trivago can use it to be its unique selling proposition .
Firstly , the author holds that the stone balls were possibly used in hunting or fighting .
I looked at the plane and realized I forgot to tie the parachute cord to the plane .
However , one friend disappears then the four friends decided to discover where is him .
MacDonald of the University of Pennsylvania : « investment in public transport will allow the possibility of reducing obesity people » .
The fact of using a cart to transport , is essential in life , and that depends on the car you want to buy and save gas .
I think that 's all , I hope that it will helpful .
Whatever happens , I 'm sure , you 'll enjoy the city .
Firstly , thank you for answering and do n't worry about the delayed reply !
Although , I think , that all the systems , which work in homes ( electricity , gas , heating system , water , etc . ) will be upgraded .
First I completely agree with this but then when I started to think about it I realized that it 's not like that .
While on placement they work more in an evaluating way to improve skills .
It was a 13 hour journey and the girl wanted to talk with Michael and so she offered chips but he denied .
There are some things you should take into consideration if you want to try this sport .
In 1676 , Scientist Antonie van Leeuwenhoek ,
Everyone is individual and worries about themselves , because it is easier way to live .
Actually , this is a wrong idea , because I must not waste money on things that are not worth buying .
- To be perfectly honest I do n't really like it there !
In my opinion the film was made in a very good way : the registers of the film ( they are two ) tell us five novels with only one main protagonist : the love in every situation .
Later I went to the book store and bought three books ; " legend " , " wonder " , and " Eleanor & Park " .
The development of the railroad and highway are easy to pulished , but construc of seaport and airport must with congenital condition .
This is not just a sport but an extraordinary thing I do in the ordinary life , in the everyday life .
Admittedly , some knowledge is not accurate and logical enough , it still offers us many other useful sources .
It is necessary for our lives to have or to feel that we are getting better .
People are noticing your promises are not going to be made and I am sure there will be plenty of people complaining about the lack of true in your promises .
Many people think running is a wasting time or it 's very difficult but I do n't agree .
If I had to find a down side to Chocolat , it would be that the film format does not allow us to have a deeper look into some of the characters and their storylines .
I was just a bit worried because in this class there are 28 students , but they are very respectful and clever .
there are many people that offered themselves as volunteers to clean the city , and had been very helpful to make the city cleaner and more attractive .
While in a private vehicle you can sit comfortably and enjoy your journey .
The final section of this proposal makes some recommendations about what should be done to elevate the website aesthetic and improve user - friendliness .
The internet and social networks have involved a big change in our knowledge and behaviour front to the world .
Nowadays it is very frequent to meet new person coming from abroad who speak different languages and speak about their home countries .
Since his full retirement he has served as an ambassador for the sport .
I usually wake up at six o'clock in the morning , then I 'll take a quick shower .
Last but not least , I am willing to work for long hours if required .
We can use Facebook to get in touch with our friends and even to meet new people .
He looked at the clouds , they were still grey , and then for a moment , he saw a tinny fragment of a rainbow .
Later , I have had more roommates , colleagues and partners even who practised this sport , which is among the most fashionable ones at this moment .
When I was in Bali , I had a great night that I always remember .
I have one sister who are ten years old and one brother who are five years old .
I 'm only fifteen years old but I think I have a heavy past ..
Regarding the pie charts , there were significantly increased in the number of earnings allocation for Housing and Food / Clothes from about 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 respectively .
As we can see , the boy gave her love and she just want to leave him .
The third and final step is to try to identify problems at first .
Secondly , there are a few parents who can not bear the expenses of their child 's education .
Because it was our first day at Algarve , we decided to explore , a bit more of the area .
Yellows bins was carried away from our yard in a few days .
Without its help , for example , we would have never realized were we have come from .
So Max walked into her , and said " here mom , do n't worry lets go into the hotel . "
Many people admit that if they could buy a car , they would do it .
In the summer it is a place where you can play Volleyball in the special ground with sand , play ping - pong or if you are tied you can sit in special hammock .
She is a doctor , she told me that swimming will let my body more better .
On the other hand the government should think about some measures for protecting environment .
Hongdae is most appropriate to feel free and vibrant local area in seoul .
Secondly , moving in a city in public transport could be horrible , there are too many station , and we spend a lot of time on them until we arrived at home .
Every month Huang Ji Huang always make a special offer from their cutomer , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give 20% discount for customer who spend 500 IDR above , for a complete informatioj you can check it on the website or call the restaurant .
I attached to a group of people who were responsible for informing public about the programme and all the organisation stuff .
This bar chart deals with the costs of three different photocopiers .
The Kukulkan tower is the must important part of this place .
My bests friends name is Viktor and he is really fun and like him .
First of all , we should thinking out a design and dicide the background colour and artwork , or even security issues .
In my opinion there is the reason that shopping is not always enjoyable and full of pleasure .
I enjoy this sport because I love team sports and games with a ball .
The tower has a special name called ' slim waist ' because the shape of it is twisting .
I like a lot of food but the most meat food is good and pizza .
I am wrtitting this letter as an answer to the job advertisement for working in a summer camp in which I am quite interested . .
I arrived at the school with all the energy , and I decided that this semester will be better than the other .
First at all , I ask the council for this great problem which is the pollution and the way to solve it .
The poor boy said he was inspired by Michael 's enthusiasm .
After the concert I saw Adele and my friend took a picture of me with her !
In this video game , you can kill , jump , dance , and eat all you want , is a very good game I think that is the best " shooter " and that " Artic Combat " too is well .
In addition to this , it provides them with access to the newest research developments .
As I see it , you could n't live without music even if you tried .
We are people and all of us must have private life including celebrities .
I will see you there and I 'll guide you in the mall .
The plot is about a man , Arthur , twenty - five yeras old , engaged to a nice girl .
If you give me the opportunity to consider my application , it would certainly be a great job opportunity for me to gain experience in the engineering field and developing my professional career .
Different ways of accumulating and storing information were presented at the discussion .
Third all you can do is play for fun with your friends .
My study plan is to untertake a pre - university programme locally to prepare myself for further studies overseas .
I 'm sorry I haven't written to you for so long .
I guess it is back to normal now so I will have to get up again .
Therefore , joining a sports team from where they can share same interests and relax is the easiest way to know each other .
Some of governments invest much money to construct public transport network to make travelling by public transport more convenient .
I rushed to his house , not believing what I had just been told .
I want to learn English , and I go to the college twice a week .
" Hi . Where are you ? she asked , apprehension rising slowly . "
My advice to those who are starting this sport is to practise a lot as football needs an unstoppable practice to master the game and be the king of field .
Many people do n't care about wasting their time even when they busy .
My grandmothers used to run a restaurant and she taught me some Italian recipes .
Although it is true that this is not a long term friendship I can admit that I have found a true friend .
Jason statham was so strong and made all the gang feel terrible fear since dwayne Johnson was inroaded and heavily wounded .
You can go anywhere you want and even during the night when the public transport is scarce or it could be unsafe .
Thank you very much Joe for think in me for to be your witnees , I feel very proud that you think in me for to be your witnees and of course I accept and I will be in Toronto for your wedding .
People may want to discover different places in a city , town , even in an alley .
From there take the bus 45 and stop at Piazza Rubiani , I 'm do n't live very far from there , it will only take a couple of minutes .
However , after I came to New Zealand , I found a special sport which does n't need any ability , trekking .
There were a significant rise in the number of budget allocation from both categories ( Housing and food / clothes ) in 2000 and 2010 .
About the cooking , I attend an all - girls school and I have cooking lessons once a week .
And then I heard those three words : " He is dead . "
New motorways , streets , parking are not longer sit on the council 's offices , waiting to be signed , they are reality transforming the world landscape .
Suddenly Agatha sees , behind the windows , a 30 years ' man , he 's tall and wears 19th century clothes ; he is John , a known vampire who lives in that district .
Some people from area which I live they used to feed the birds but others they do n't even care .
Based on examining my actual experience and research , I noticed that a gap , unsuccessful time management in independent learning is the root cause of these problems .
I consider a friendly and cheerful person because I always have a smile in my face .
n the town he tries that the people have to aware about the sitiations and they take care the environment
In your last email you told me about your lack of time of enjoying your hobbies .
In conclusion I think that all forms of art are made for the same reason , to communicate something .
We always believe that a city should never compromise the environment for the sake of development .
Moreover , it leads to an important expansion in commerce , resulting in the growth of the ubiquitous shopping malls , department stores , serving as a powerful pull to tourism .
two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends but from his bad luck , they were n't very good friends , they used to make troubles and do n't do their home work in time .the boys were Fernando and Louis in their seventh year in school as Adam .
Until we received that remarkable letter , I had always been in her shadow .
Furthermore , he finds that there are many similarities between the development of Gothic architecture and Heavy Metal Rock music .
I still remember using my phone in Dublin city centre at the entrance .
We stick to the principle of 3Rs , namely reduce , reuse and recycle .
Children has to be protected before and after life , it is why abortion has to be stop
First of all , public transport probably meets the demands of people who hardly or do n't use their cars to travel .
I will begin by strongly advising cycling for a number of reasons : a better physical health , better mental health , and no paying oil bills .
To sum up , it would seem that Downtown is a preferable place , with better value for money .
My favourite sport is football I enjoy playing football with my friends we play at night it was very excited to play when the sky was rain .
- So it 's not so difficult to be an early riser .
For example , for the young people in College the studies are more important , as well as books , seminars , travelling , etc .
Julia 's anecdote is not a fact , but a fiction .
We thought the factories were good because they allowed a great amount of people to work there .
I do n't want to appear too rigid but I 've seen too many times people forgot the real problem and think only to this thing .
You can sit there and wait for your pizza while watching the football match or bring your pizza home .
But we will give a good price to retailers and hotels to sell our products more in market .
Using public transport not only helps us reach our destination safely , but also gives us ample opportunities to network and be with our people .
Safety and knowledge of the body mechanic are very important to CAS vision as they give feeling of confidence and understanding to yoga practitioners .
Why is that car parked right at his house 's door ?
The magic of turning Bottom 's head into one of an ass ' , adds more humour to already the self - confident character of Bottom .
Not only human beings but also all the organisms are confronting the threat from climate - related natural disasters .
Off late , debates in news channels are the talk of the town where u get to know what is happening in your country or neighborhood .
We were all excited , those from Lala Band minunate .
If we want to have a good life , we must make good communication in our families
I am a 23-year - old student in a Sports Science degree , so I am interested in sports .
I 'm looking forward being there to spend some time with you .
Hong Kong is wonderful place for shopping , eating and sight - seeing country .
She wanted answers and to have them he needs to be alive not dead of heart attack .
There , you can find all the styles of clothes that you can imagine .
I assure you that if these recommendations are implemented , the website will improve significantly .
The people try to move the local factories out of country where is less air polluted , less smoke , less cars and more forests and plants .
The fourth and fifth night were the worst because the animatronics were very active , closed it and opened the doors because they try to get into my room .
In big cities there 's a similar Sport called Basketball and this one is more for Boys .
My second sister is 34 years old , she is single and she works as a customer service agent , her name is Shymaa .
The day had n't been planned to end with a date night .
I play this sport since I was child , and today I still love it .
For this reason I am reading your book and listening to your podcast .
At the " Soft Notes " you can ear music played live every Friday and Sunday evening .
As a result , this development is highly controversial in positive and negative ways .
It is very beautiful and there are many interesting things to see in this castle .
I am writing with reference to the evening art course that I started last night .
It is the only time in your life to do that , to be honest .
PEOPLE LIVES WILL CHANGE DRAMATICALLY IN THE NEXT 50 YEARS .
The streets , the cafés and the people formed a beautiful picture .
I learned how to cook when I was eight , so I am pretty much confidente and well prepared .
A huge mirror in her bedroom made a child believe that one is able to travel through it anywhere .
As for the duration , the internship can last from a minimum of 2 months up to 12 months , being 3 months the period covered by the subsistence grant .
I have good abilities ; such as , organizing the activities and help the kids to keep their rooms tidy .
For one person that would be option yaht you have car which is parked along your road or on your drivway and on any time you could go whenever you want , for the orher that would be pleasur that they coud enjoy the trip without thinking about any car 's issues , They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part with others life .
Right now we have a problem : the oil reserves are depleting .
People who signed in the website were colluding foreign powers to suppress our own country , China .
3 . More than 200 buses with the aim to avoid excessive CO2 emissions .
Secondly , the important for people become maturity when they completed military service , which probably is a particular experience for 18 years old .
Nowadays , it seems that teenagers are less healthy than young people who lived 20 years ago .
With our sheer creativity and enthusiasm , we always made it a point that every school activity is worthwhile .
Fortunately , he is assigned to substitute services , so he does n't to enter real army .
In addition , earning a fair amount of money is essential to building my life .
He was a very big menace and the villagers hated him because of his mischievious behavior .
By playing physical games they will not only improve their health but can also gain concentration .
I think it is true that the public transport there is not future , because travelling by car is so much more comfortable .
It is a beautiful place to go on your free time and get to know it .
First , I will show you what happens when sexual harassment occurs .
As it 's often said : a good body makes a good mind .
Nothing is permanent in this world , I 've knew these words from the mouth of my parents and until now it is in my heart that help me to deal with this kind of life .
I think , Gorky Park is a good place where we can spend our time .
One intelligent person once said : ' The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page . '
In my opinion , in the next 50 years , humanity will increase and there wo n't be resources enough for everybody .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise there was a small present left on the ground .
But he did not realise something , His little brother was watching him througt the window .
I am writing in connection with the advertisement for a job in Green Pepper Cafe .
In this case , a representative put all times the published in the train , the bus and the school
I take my jobs seriously and try my best to never let my bosses down .
I think the best teacher is a person who has professional knowledge and good teaching skills .
For seasonal food served by obliging & good humoured waiters , you will find nowhere better .
I know how important of keeping promises . I always try to keep them .
And there is a truth : the more you give , the more you get back !
All in all , he would n't be able to stop the device .
I traveled a lot , because this is my hobby , I learned about a lot of food in many countries
Do we need the internet to enjoy life to the full ?
I like English very much I like learning new languages and things .
Should you have any problems , just give me a call !
About the accommodation , we talked and decided that we would prefer to be with English speaking families because of what a great opportunity it is for everyone to actually test their speaking skills .
This is why I believe that the field trips are good for kids .
Also you can travel to different places and longer distances while boating , for example , you can only travel to places where connection to the sea .
Unfortunately , not many people are prepared to renounce all the advantages car provides .
Some may think that it is better to have classes with discussion of professor and student .Others may disagree .
I had never felt so nervous when about six months ago I decided finally to join the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) exam .
But there were a lot of beautiful dresses , in high - tech closets with lights .
I live in Tarazona , a small town near to Zaragoza .
It is truly an amazing experience and how much progress my small village has had done in 2 years of time .
In Brazil , regular schools teach for students the basic aspects of the language and do not let them emerge in the language .
In this small part of Cracow , you can meet with Jewish culture and the architectural style .
I want to recommend the amusement park , one of the most interesting place to visit here .
I love dancing and I do ballet , which requires a lot of discipline .
But one of these sports comes to to the top of my thoughts more often : Running .
It is going to build several modern combustion plants , some programmes for discrete rubbish collection are implementnig .
Tsz Huan is a lively , cheerful and curious girl .
My favorite sport is Football . I like it because it is a sport that does n't need a lot of means to be played .
It 's proven that to learn a foreign lengueage you have to go abroad .
After three hours of training , Tom and I were extremely exhausted .
Adding to this , both learning options require time and dedication from students ; otherwise , knowledge will not be properly delivered .
Each one make the everyday life a bit more easy , but a real progress on home would be electronic devices that were connected to the mind .
Alison read the note , smiled and immediately put on her coat .
Meanwhile , students can play with each other during traveling , but only several days are deficient and most people will not keep in touch with others after the trip .
I think it is true that colour do influence our decision when we buy different things .
The next day I went with my friends to see a movie .
Well , I consider him as the meanest Dutch celebrity of this year .
But in a few years time our job will be one of the most important things in our everyday life .
Pedro is a good friend , he loves to read books and he is working with your mother .
Does not matter how hard the players tried to win , the only thing that matters is the result .
As a teacher , I have to talk in front of many students and that fostered me to become a better speaker .
If you are a famous person , people believe you have a wonderful life .
The roots of Parkour was developed by him and he taught some of Parkour thechniques to the fireman which he used to work with .
English will not be a problem because I know how to communicate with young people .
One of the major arguments in the article is the comparison between Gothic architecture and Heavy Metal Rock music .
Differentiated instructions , giving different tasks for the same activity , are proved to be necessary in a class with varied levels of students .
I think I 'll try to write something funny , to win $ 25 .
Can you tell me more about the possibilities of taking out a Petpals franchise in my country .
I 'm really cheerful and hardworking , and I have good marks at sport .
To kick off your day , give your body enough energy , in the form of proteins .
The Number of the Beast was the third album Iron Maiden relesead .
The door was wide open , inviting him to take the offer .
The majority of people tend to claim that having an excellent knowledge or the research field is the most important for school or work successfully .
" I do n't know."said the familiar male voice . "
Well educated , open - minded , a liberal at best .
It is great when you are in a cup and goes very far in the tournament .
If we look to the boy processes , we will find only positive things .
Australia , England , South Africa and New Zealand are very famous country for cricket game .
Every Saturday our local cleaning team clean the park and now everyone can enjoy it !
In the end of the meal you have to sign a book to recall in the future .
Public transport ca n't help when one has to travel suddenly or to go somewhere where it does n't pass through .
Last but not least , the exam itself is the toughest nut to crack .
For example , there are various music competitions Eurovision Song Contest which organized in many countries .
He was really moody and he could move from extreme happiness to the most absolute sadness in a few seconds .
Because there are nearly 70 billions people in the world if everyone travelling by car even the half , the pollution will be the burden to the world .
Nowadays our society has become very lazy due to the use of the car or the motorbike .
Luckily , this has not been the case so when it comes to Seville .
But if you learn how to obtrude in the circulation while remaining polite with the others , there is no reason to be afraid .
However , it has a special importance nowadays , in a world that moves so quickly .
- Theoretical background- A review of our knowledge .
Instead , people prefer to email or text to send messages .
I really like to travel , but I like the most when I travel with friends .
We try to gave her help but she was so heavy and we could not do that . Than we were trying to find help ,
I 'm writing to say that I 'll be delighted you to be my guest at home next month .
I do not mind or fear living alone anymore as I have my friend which is my cat .
The limitation of this solution is the public may not satisfied with this size of soft drinks .
Moreover , considering pollution , private transport seems to be much more difficult to manage because it is an individual decision .
Facebook , Twitter … all of these social networks offer us the easiest way to find new friends .
Although in some places people do n't speak English , you always can find somebody who does .
I am 19 years old and I have 2 younger brothers and a younger sister .
People could think that if you buy this type of music , you will waste your money and it is just commercial music .
A car can be drove very fast in order to reduce the time taken to travel .
For me , it 's a pleasure to make the time really fun .
He attended my labs on " structured programming " course during the first year .
Usually , girls can not spend many days without going shopping and buying some clothes .
It is also good for our environment because there is just one bus for 80 people .
The recent studies found , that travelling from a suburb to the city centre is much more efficient by combining a bike with a train .
You wanted to know what I was said to do before and during the concert , so I try to explain everything .
Anyway , I was guessing if you want to go to the cinema with me to see the new Leonardo Dicaprio 's movie because I heard that action movies are your favourites .
I did IELTS exam twice and scored ( 5.5 ) .
I think that he makes a wild goose chase he just bitten off more than he can chew because he does n't know me and I 'm going to make him pay for what he had done .
For several years , a secondhand clothing store increase and a lot of people use it .
Barcelona is big and there are a lot of indutries so there a lot of jobs .
Domestic animals are a very sensitive creatures that we have to treat them as our babies .
I haven't seen you for almost two months but , as you know , on November I had a one of a kind possibility to help at a concert that took place on airport runway and it was simply amazing experience !
Fifteen minutes later it was all over and I felt a brand new person .
THE LUCKIEST MAN IN CÁCERES
For some this activity is a torture , for others it is the most pleasurable way of spending free time .
As soon as we open our eyes every day , we begin to use technology such as alarm , cell phone and light .
People who decide to work in show - business or media have to be aware of having less privacy .
As the days go by , more discoveries are being unearthed in a rapid pace .
Let me introduce you to my hometown , Kortrijk .
It all started in the Parson Institute in the class of art history students of the race of Fine Arts in the class the teacher in charge , Jimena , commissioned a task to his students , saying :
As I see it , the bigger the vocabulary , the better the writing process .
My favourite museum is the Hermitage that is in the heard of my city .
My town tries to take care of the environment but sometimes it is not possible .
In Sweden gaming is really big and there is also one game maker that have made a game called BF or Battle Field .
People living along the river wanted to prevent the flood coming again by building dykes .
It is indisputable that advertising has become a permanent fixture in our daily lives .
Public transport have improved the regional development since the past decade , it 's convenient and necessary for a city life .
As you get involved with football and you enroll with this sport , you will clearly notice the benefits it brings to your daily life .
I have taken part of a basketball team since the age of 5 and I have recently become a young ladies ' group 's coach .
The attitude of Colombians about the educations system is disappointing in some areas and optimistic in others .
If we think selfishly , then the car is the obvious choice .
The young bridegroom then is involved in a brawl and banished from the village .
I look for the perfect offer but in summer it is impossible to find it .
Games are played primarily for entertainment or enjoyment , but may also serve as exercise .
Ryan Gordon loves all sports but he works hard at school too .
What really makes the difference is if you choose to help others or not .
First of all , you do n't have to take very long trips .
Once the wildlife protection were able to help the puma , everyone congratulated Max for his bravery and help .
It 's like a blog but it 's written by many people who write there their impressions about beautiful sights .
As my sister constantly says You 're lucky because you have a memory of a goldfish You remember absolutely nothing .
One of the biggest disadvantages of being popular is that they are on everybody 's lips .
On a hot day the lady ca n't remove her coat to reduce body heat .
When the concert hall was full , band came on the stage .
Beautiful and important places for the history of this amazing tropical country .
I would love to be the person to organise and do all kinds of activities .
Of course he does not think twice and go for print his curriculum because the interview was that day , then he took a shower and dress for the occasion .
Furthermore , the organizers had carefully planned the whole course , including meals and beverages too .
When the night fall and all the guests had arrived , Michael started to lose control of the situation .
This new outlook on the teaching procedures consists of the use of the so called alternative assessment as a way to evaluate learners ' skills .
Actually I was already been there before but not with my friends .
Besides as I am the eldest brother , I am used to dealing with children .
He remembered , two years ago when he had been working and he decided to back home early while he had been backing to home he saw his girlfriend with other guy they were hugging .
We will not have to worry about where to find a park for the car and we can enjoy the trip .
But I ca n't imagine in can be as bad or worse then my current job .
A centre line parts the box and a line is drawn inside each box about 2 feet from the line which ends the box , and this line is called proudly as Ellai kodu(Border Line)in Tamil .
Thank you for your reply , it was so useful , but I still have some doubts and I will be really glad if you could give me this necessary information .
For example , a bus can take more than 40 passengers one time at a low cost .
Second , you choose a menu and make a reservation .
The technological equipment help me in my daily life in a way that I can no longer travel or even commute in my city without them .
There are lots of interesting sports but there is normally one that you like the most .
Rachel and Monica have lived together since Rachel left her fiance on the altar .
After seeing how this old man lives alone with his cat without suffering from loneliness .
She feels sorry because she did not care about him in this delicate situation .
Both characteristics will help you in other type of tasks and will improve your future development .
In my opinion if you want to meet people of our age I suggest going to the most famous local or places of the city .
When we came the manager gave the tickets to us and told us to be nice .
When her mother came back from work , her little son told her what his brother had done .
If you want sightseeing in downtown and enjoy the nightlife , I know a funny place where we can dance and drink a lot .
We have to preserve the ethical value of maintenance at the same time we help the next generations to succeed by their own means .
obeying to the statement above , it 's necessary to say that is a very interesting topic , because it 's quite related to actual problems , such as problems in the environment .
In Sweden we are very proud of a free download able program where you can listen to almost all the music in the world .
Maybe there would be some partially damaged sheets so the bank notes will be separated into good and bad .
I would like to talk to you about a musical which I saw recently .
In other words , both bad sheets and the ones which are seperated badly need destroying in a safe way which can stop them from going into the market .
I can understand the use of public transport is decreasing now a day , but there is still future for it .
This makes us curios to learn more about foreign countries and their cultures .
The Red Dragon Theatre Group is coming to our town next week .
You should really have a taste of Hasselt 's dazzling nightlife .
Think about its impact on your espences and on the environment , would n't be better to take a bus , an underground or a train ?
We are looking forward to see your participation in the Organisation after six months .
Interestingly , Scientology practitioners use technology to prove their hypothetical statements , for they have constructed machines that exhibit the working of brains through waves and softwares that question a practitioner and provide him with a solution to his worries .
First , there are often a lot of people in bigger shops .
I was walking to football training session with my friend Michal last week .
on the other hand , in Cádiz there are a lot of bars , so , you could find a job with waiter .
As well , we have to promote that the people get jobs close their accommodation or get the accommodation close to the jobs , because we have too much pollution and we could reward the companies that hire staff close to the place of job , maybe in a circle of 4 kilometres , as well we could reward the people that turn their accommodation for live near to the job or for going there by a bicycle .
The Ten Commandments provide Israel with the moral framework for maintaining it .
I advise any one dream to be one of the most famous teams that works on hisself a lot & and play football a lot to be profectional in this sport & show a lot of matches & followed by captain supervised on him
So it is normal that computers have bad effects on us and the environment .
Then a ghost appeared in front of me and the guy appears behind me .
The third part touched on the ways of spending free time at home .
There are some kinds of pollution such as garbage and wasted bottles , but some pollution is invisible such as noise and dirty air .
Thirdly , the current opportunities and challenges of Vietnamese Food market will be reviewed , coming together with the literature of Vietnamese entrepreneurs ' motivation .
I think , that may the reason she had the Sleep Paralysis last night .
It is remarkable how much stamina and spirit can be demonstrated by such sportsmen .
However , this can cause a problem for human and some people will face to the threat of compulsory redundancies .
Yesterday morning a group of American tourist went to a bike ride for through the center of Buenos Aires City .
Work on it , that 's part of mental strength .
It was a sunny day and I was with my friends at the beach .
Thirdly , I do not have to be concerned about loss of qualitiy of photographs and pictures .
Firstly , my main target is to improve speaking and writing skills as I do n't feel confident enough to do such tasks .
Secondly , rules for tourists about caring environment must be very strick .
First of all , I 'm really happy you accepted my invitation .
However , my siblings and I decided to set up a big surprise to my father for his birthday number 50 .
Now I believe that the best moments in the life are when you have time with your family , is the best way to recharge energy for everything .
There were many visitors from other countries , so we often had to translate the conversation and help in communication .
It depends five main steps which include desigh , preparation of metal plates , printing , inspection , packaging and distraction or disposal depends on whether the fourth step is good or bad .
I have many difficulties in programming but I think that if I work hard I can to win my difficulties .
After the competition I was relaxed and happy , because I have done my job .
The school is near and it is n't necessary to take a bus .
Socializing person does not cost us money , but we need one place to contact each other .
we did n't seen for a while so you do n't know much about me lately .
On the other hand , lots of people using fake accounts are lurking on Facebook .
Since I was very young , roughly at the age of thirteen , football became my favorite sport and it was an activity that I could never stop doing .
Although , some ideas were maintained ; ( for instance , the astronomy by Galileo Galilei ) the book - burning caused a delay in the knowledge because if books were burned , the knowledge could not circulate .
The aim of this report is to share the experience of different students who had been working abroad during the summer .
We can really confirm that there is no future for public transport , if so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and go to office , city , home and so on using private transport , however we can also think that in the centre has no parking car or it is not enough for the whole private car , thereby , if we use a public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less simply because we are able to save money and time .
On the other hand , on Facebook people can share pictures , vídeos and thoughts without restrictions .
Once he realized that he was the only person awake he knew something was wrong ..
Students have more opportunities to learn languages , discover foreign experience , pass internships and study abroad .
Nowadays , cost to buy a car that can take the whole family is not expensive anymore .
Such as global warming , soil and water pollution and acid rain .
When I run I feel relaxed , I forgot all my troubles and stresses .
and I feel that only an overseas English university can offer that .
That really the biggest harm to a hard - working woman whom my mother tried all her best to feed me up and help me complete my studies .
With supporters maintaining that it is important for national security and make people maturity , whilst opponents claim that the military service have effects on study and should have freedom of choice .
Secondly we all know that the public transport is cheaper than the private transport .
While conducting a need analysis , you can have a general picture of learners ' motivation in learning English .
In conclusion , I think that Tvs companies only want to sell their product and the people want to have their relax moment with the sports programmes .
Old local buildings often do not provide opportunities to make any money , they only cost town planners a lot of money because they probably need to be renovated .
Hopefully I will pass the exam and will attend the English course for a month .
As a result of this training , I have excellent communication and analytical skills .
Secondly , even people have cars , they may also take public transport .
Employers try to find employees that have practical skills rather than formal qualifications .
There is only one thing in the world that you can not buy and it is a health .
We are different , but I think that that is a curious thing about friendship .
Although the large number of advantages that Internet and phones give to us , the use of technology affect people 's ability to communicate face to face .
So , it 's my first attempt to create English text !
I like that book so much because it is pretty realistisk and it can happen in real world sometime .
And we can see these examples in many situations , when we find inept and incompetent workers .
This kind of sport is getting more and more popular over the world .
They are using more renewable sources of energy rather non - renewable sources of energy .
Hans Feurer was born in Switzerland in 1939 .
I like slalom because it goes fast and I like snow .
It is also more convenient to go to work by car as you can leave when it suits you and not because the last bus is running .
On the other hand , modern public transport has been improved progressively in the past decade .
The main precaution measure was purely by judging turbidity of the water and this false practice had remained ever since , even nowadays .
Seeing her that close makes him realised that she 's not ugly .
Basicaly , the method is based in develop the main foundations of moviment of the human body , they are : swim , run , walk , jump , quadruped moviment , climb , lift things , balance and defend yourself .
Unlike before we have big ships to use on the sea .
People in turn started to consume more due to the increased workforce and the greater offer of products .
Taking part in it and gaining the best place was her biggest dream .
For years of wars and difficult situations the history was creating people 's beliefs and convintions .
He took time to explain each movement and made me understanding the concept .
No matter what you write , he follows his own lust .
Well , as you asked me Jenny , the most brilliant actor than see before is Vin Deasel , it is an excellent professional and he protagonized a great deal of movies like the saga of Fast and Furious , Ridic , Nannies bulletproof and other extras films .
The movie was first released in 1982 and directed by Ridley Scott who is the director of Alien .
4- It makes me relax because I stop doing my activity from work and study .
Even if you want just go shopping for clothes , there are so many places where you can go , Palermo is known as a little New York for the disigners and well know marks , and technology is set on Recoleta .
Also , you can have the opportunity to discover new places just next to your home .
And at the end of the summer the girl went out but next year she comes again , but this time she has boyfriend and this break Noa 's heart .
He left his job in a safe and comfortable Italian hospital to move in a country that lives a civil war .
I was painting the front wall of the house when a postman came .
I hope you do n't mind if I ask you some questions .
Also I have worked in others summer camps how are Funny Camp , Nature Camp , etc .
It is also quite safe so you do n't have to worry about the accidents .
A successful communication between different cultures will happen only when we express oueselves precisely and interpret the information accurately .
And finally the third and last reasons why I think you learn more on placement than at school .
I met a lot of fantastic people and I am still in touch with them .
We got a large shopping centre with some local shop , you can obtain plenty of things that you want from it .
We usually meet three times a year all together to eat a pizza in the city center .
On the other hand , maybe if we have a break until university the routine of working and studing every day could break .
After so much time at school some people think they need a break .
In rush hours , I do not have a seat and I stand all the time for a half hours .
I am very happy with the idea to encourage the public transport 's use due to make the cities a better place to live .
You can travelling to Samarkand , Bukhara , Khiva and another historical citys .
Asmaa is the best friend to me in my family .
So , he is a hard warking , he is lawyer and always help me with all my professional problemns .
Most people using a public transport to go to their workplace and travelling around the city .
I would be glad to further expand upon what I can offer in an interview .
I found your Translation and Interpretation program for master degree meets my requirements and needs .
The kenn running expenses will compensate the purchase price in the future .
This is why , although we have the luxury of extravagant knowledge under our feet because of internet , we encounter complications and complexities in the decoding of our relationships and in deciphering this perennial flow of knowledge .
The Pope requests the Spanish army to cease immediately the hostilities in Cuba .
Dancing is something that human beings always did , in one way or another .
As you know , if you have normal tourism visa , you ca n't work .
Anyway , he is her son , and she had no choice but to take care of him in spite of any situation .
it been a long time I never see you , and you always wanted to visit Taiwan , my beautiful country .
As I the most people we start to do sport because we are stressed and needed go out of our house after a hard day of work or study .
The wall of my bedroom are white and the floor is dark grey .
There I could be your tour guide and show you the best of the city .
Sometimes volunteer work , such as renovating a playground , benefits the broader community .
You told me about your usual weekends and asked me to tell you about my weekends .
But the daily duties , which she had as a teenager , and the murderous workouts till midnight , built in her the strong will to fait .
Lastly , everyone must understand that good health is above wealth .
My parents always supported me , they always believed that I could do this .
If you 'll do it ( and I 'm sure you will give it ) you 'll receive another appointment .
The best example here could be the regular , every - week filling - the - fridge shopping , which in principle can not be pleasant .
On these sites there are different kinds of containers for all sorts of rubbish which you can collect at home .
I have worked at schools in Spain and I have first hand knowledge about organising sports and activities .
I 'm glad I met you and your group of overseas students .
What is more , we can only have to press one computer key to find what we are searching .
Is the US really target to get Hong Kong into a democracy area ?
This sport is healthy and good for the body . you should starting this sport for you feel good .
In my first placement I had to deal with lots of cases relating to violation of children rights .
It is our fault because we have let the companies to profit from our own sins .
Besides , those animals who successfully arrive at proper place to live are likely to suffer from disease , because they did n't exposed to such a new environment before .
In my opinion , what is expected is a new role for teachers but not their disappearance from classrooms .
To conclude this report , there are many things that still need to be done .
If you have a car you can get to your destination in a short time .
That could be frustrating especialy when you have long road and you need to spend long hours driving .
I 've been waiting for your e - mail for two days !
She had just got the job and she wanted to show what her skills were .
Mass communication technology has made it easier than ever to connect with people .
The charity I chose to invest in was the envirosavers charity , as they have recently done a good job in re - building animal habitats so I taught that they might need money since they just spend money in building habitats .
When I ask him to get me someplace . I can not count how many times I stay at home because I am late .
I am writing to you about the job offer for work in Green Pepper Cafe .
I would n't imagine a life without her , she 's the best person I ever met .
The football could be one way to meet your friends , and to spend time with them .
For them it is not possible anymore to rule for their Teams at any home game .
On the other hand , she was related to him by blood and how could he said No ! when she came and bagged him for help .
In fact , it can be argued that the human virtues are a by - product of conflicts and fights ; that they are that traces of character that we aknowledge as important for everybody engaged in a competition , be it for a trophy or for a country .
1 Check if your dog or anyone else 's pet damages streets or gardens .
In a word , doing nothing was the big advantage of this kind of work .
I practised danse a long time ago but with ages , I 've preferred to practise an easier sport .
Today in big cities public transport is necessary for tourists , students , kids and workers ; but the situation is very different in small cities .
I went to nature section , which is interesting as it is about natural aspects on earth like elements , rocks and periods of life related to organisms .
In order to score you should push a small white plastic ball inside the goal using a stick .
In the light of the results , I feel it would be to our advantage if we make promotions of the city center as a good destiny .
That is why I avoid going to the bathroom at night .
If you have experience in cook , you will be right person for this job .
Consequently , positive and negative social impacts can be observed by the population .
One straight observation was the low number of students that have taken the math course .
To promote the campaign , Tom went to speak with the director and they put in agreement that all the kids of the school did a few placards with inspiring phrases to not use so much the cars and uses more public transport .
for that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars for cutting down on pollution for a better future .
In the competitive world that we inhabit , dominating a technique and having a deep knowledge of a given field is essential for both academic and professional success .
They ca n't go to the cinema , or theatre , or just go for a walk without being recognised .
However , the majority of users want to use the Club at weekends and to spend their free time here .
I am writing to you in response to your advertisement which I saw in the notice board of your school .
Actually , I began to play football when I was 10 years old .
People , it does n't matter if they are famous or not , are just people .
The convenience has litlle to do with the fate of public transport , countries with high HDI(convenience to be drivers ) , like Germany and England , are those with better public transport system , and they are even boosting it .
Secondly , we all know the fossil fuels , we mainly run our vehicles by , will not last forever .
What a lucky man you are to have a year free !
Actually , if it 's the case , the happiness will be only for a short time .
The first few days , they patrolled the city and helped us .
We already know that a great part of the pollution comes from the exhaust fumes of the transports that invade cities worldwide .
Many people will find blogs and websites useful in order to meet new people .
At the outset , let me tell you about this sport and how it is played .
Furthermore , the main actors ' performance is not very good because they are not completely inside in their roles .
In spite of the benefits , there are also certain drawbacks of human genetic engineering .
Now our company is going to do multidimensional operation , not just focus on furniture but also for home appliance .
I go to my art class at 6:20pm to 9 pm on Tuesday and Thursday evening .
I would like to meet new friends all over the world and have a great time together .
Seeing the frozen water surface , he could do nothing but cry .
Although we have made great strides , there are still a lot of things to do .
One would never know he / she can swim or not without jumping into the swimming pool .
And especially will not fantasize about a particular person who embodies all these things "
On the other hand , the city provides a punctual public transport system , very convenient .
In this way , children could do the sport they prefer as a routine .
All in all , future houses will be looking more like airplane , and less like normal home .
On the other the mall lacks a cinema or some restaurants as it has been recently opened .
This year is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm going to celebrate in my home , with my familiy anda some friends .
I totally encourage you to try it at least once and I 'm sure you will desire to repeat !
Today we had a class discussion about taking one year off between leaving school and starting university .
University education is good for the students but they also need to learn industry specific skills .
It 's quite well known the benefits that a good public transport system gives to the community : an important reduction of contaminant gases , a hight decrease of acoustic contamination as well as , as consequence of having less cars circulating by our streets , an increase of pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy activities such as walking , running or cycling .
till Now , we talk in time and finally , we perish after time .
In contact author 's concerns , the increasing skateboarded users would bring more potential to improve the business in Central Plaza .
my older brother is 30 years old and he is working as accountant for radio and television union in Cairo .
We can still see many ancient structures which show the main trend of architecture at that time .
Right now I 'm actually in a riding course every Sunday .
After the shower he bring his suit , but he had forgotten that he did n't do the iron last day , moreover he hasn't got any other ironed one so he did it quickly .
For most of friends in the dorm of University of Education , Mimi is just an ordinary girl , neither beautiful nor smart .
After arriving to the Causeway , my brother and my cousins went to drive bicycle for one hour .
In the very first class , I was asked questions by the teacher .
On the other hand famous politicians and film stars have chosen such life .
The social debate between progress and traditions has been going on for centuries .
It takes a day to count the scratches on your body after the game .
After lunch we could have a nap or start to prepare for the wedding .
In conclusion , cars wo n't let public transports be forgot , once more than providing the only way some people have to travel , cars are n't so convenient for some situations .
In my free time , I like to read books and play board games .
The problem goes after the problem and a person starts to feel sick .
I suppose that banning cars from the centres would be a big problem for them .
They give you the experience of flying in the sky or floating on the sea .
The latest exciting movie that I am looking forward to is " Get hard " movie starting kevin heart and will Ferrell .
that 's why I agree that people 's live will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
" Do it yourself " classes improve practical skills .
WHATTTT I MISSPELLED MICHAEL!!Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Like the title says , the story takes place in medieval Turkey .
One argument for not using the car is that the petrol price is very expensive , but the public transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantange are not so good actually .
Because of that , I think that I could take part in your team and I would be a suitable person for you .
I am applying for the position in the USA Summer Camps to work this year .
He was handsome as hell , well - build and a true gentleman .
However , if you are able to cook , I think you will be fine .
Regular citizens seem to be tired of eternal traffic jams and yards , filled with parked cars .
This is an old castle of 10th century and the style is Arabian .
when you are not keen on travel by bs and you do not want get the car out the garage , the taxis may be the best option .
We got on like a house on fire and I still keep several wonderful memories .
No freckles as her skin is perfect at every inch .
Leia is 6,5 months old and Ebba is 9 years old .
In addition , it is often claimed that is cheaper than travelling by car .
Last but nor least , the strict rules and regulation have more effective impact on to make a good town .
I am looking forward to hear from you about how did you spend your summer .
In the end of Rust and bone , Stephanie is back to her life because of Ali 's support .
I like swimming because I feel a good sensation and my health is good .
I would argue that treating our pets as our friends is an indication of humanity .
However , numerous climbers come to experience seeing the very beautiful view such as the exquisite rising sun from Mt .
We left from our city on Monday , and we arrived Carlos Paz on Thursday .
I usually playing it with my partners and my friends which do the game even more fun .
So in that case it 's better to leave your car at home .
The best thing I saw was the Valley of the temples , because there were a lot of ancient temples and monuments and ruines and they were really beautifuland also the panorama was amazing !
It 's an activity that you need to do every day , now that it 's a good way to keep fit .
As a result of that , I have tried many sports in my life .
Artists think the top of the temple is good for making beautiful , nervous mood of stories or paints .
But you may find that when you notice you have many things still need to finish .
The main concern is related to petty crime , especially the pickpocketing .
I received your letter yesterday and I was really happy to hear from you .
The place is fascinating , because it is loaded with history and nice to spend a day and relax in royal gardens .
If you are old enough , you can see how far the technology has gone in the last 20 years .
As a student , she is persistent and hardworking as well as respected by teachers and students because of her sympathy and kindness .
My advice to anyone who will start this sport is to start it early and play it regularly not to loose fitness .
First advantage of buying new things in shops is that it is very satisfying , in particular for women .
At university level , availability of IT training , software and manuals provide an ever accessible source of information , that otherwise would not be at hand .
I can assure you will never get bored with this place and all things things connected with Big Castle will make it memorable for you .
After 30 minutes started the acoustic performance which lasted for about 15 minutes , afterwards we took pictures .
Our class has reformed over the years , with great classmates leaving and coming we have always been welcoming about it , and not at least towards the new ones .
" The heaven " , this was its name , was a nice small hotel near the seaside in the south of Italy , near Paestum exactly .
" Dear me ! How can you be so cheeky ? " he uttered dismissively taping his feet .
All over the world people of different ages are very fond of sport and games .
They have not always been here , and they will not be here for ever .
In addition to this , I bear in mind to improve my English through my work and of this way be able to teach the children some basic skill about this universal language .
When I do my homework , I find the problem is different than the case discussed in the class .
At the end of the summer , I have kept on seeing these boys to help them during the school year .
But I lost her after a little kiss from the cheek in the first date .
You get the convenience of traveling at your own pace and stopping when you please .
If you need more information about this city , let me know .
However , others believe that public transport is better due to the fact that public transport is environmentally friendly .
I will give you some information that should help you during your stay here .
Sitting here alone , six floors up on my little balcony , when I heard shots and saw boys running .
I am really interested in different kinds of food and I love to cook .
There I can easily find what interests me , what is in my size etc .
I think that I am the person for your job because I have all that you are looking for .
Hollywood fees depend not only on skills but first of all on fame of this person .
I practise a lot of sports , and now I 'm going to tell all over them .
Everyone 's nervous except for Jerome Tanny , last years champion famous for his threatening prestart grin , that we all call " Shark 's Smile " .
In daily life , many youngsters need to go to school and back by public transportation .
They are faster and smaller than before and you need a mouse to use it .
To sum up , it is necessary to point out that there is not any negativeness or perfectness of national or modern music at all .
Today I 'm going to introduce a book about nature that I 've read recently .
In this essay , I will discuss whether older or younger parents are better .
Those people who use the spa can benefit from treatments of the highest quality .
Young children try to effort , and wants to win at this age , and if they train results were better and encourages to keep training .
In addition I love dealing with people , I 'm very sociable .
Actually , it is not complicated to change habits in order to be healthier .
Yes , television entertains , but it can also educate .
She wants him , but " the chain is on his door " .
I am writing in reply to your advertisment published in the local newspaper for the vancancy of Junior Chef .
most of girl does nt like this , i think that it takes us energy , we need to do exercise , reasonable diet ... and so on .
It would give you all the magic of a fantasy film based on a book .
As AC category manager Nikita has demonstrated in - depth knowledge of AC market , high level of negotiations skills , and professional attitude to everything he did .
At the Seaside 's you are genuinely welcomed at the first doorstep , they accept you whoever you are .
And in a week you will see that it 's not so hard to wake up .
When I walked out the airport , I was attracted by the beautiful scenery .
With no physical exercise & Healthy food people are damaging their health and family relations .
Because of these kinds of advantages and reasons I prefer to eat at home .
The feeling of the end of her great journey through time .
Furthermore there is a huge and cool movie theatre where we could watch a film together , since they 've got some very exciting films coming out .
On the other hand , there are many arguments against keeping animals in zoos .
Colosseum is the most famous and biggest building of the Ancient Rome and it is also the biggest amphitheater in the World .
Luckily the scouls are closed per ten weeks so the young girls and boys have much time to spend the
The report is based on the opinions and ranking of people and critics that have been visiting these places .
For the rest of 2015 , the library will not be purchasing any collection from its budget .
Mary is a picture of health with all her curves and pretty face .
And now he was alone with her , waiting for the others to come back .
So Daniela 's mom and Daniela arrived at home at 11:00pm it was obscure and they would n't me able to see Fernanda , on that time the light turned off , and they try to put them on but the lights did n't turn on .
One day a friend of mine was going to an amatuer theatre to see a musical and asked me if I would fancy joining her ; I am not fond of musicals , even though I went .
This sport consist of beating the rival by scoring as many goals as possible .
He knew that soon he will must face his most powerful enemy , the Easter Bunny .
Seville is well known for its stunning monuments .
Nowadays , It is painful that not too many people realize how degrading and dangerous this job could actually become .
You have to save money for players to enable you to pay them on time .
Another thriller that is really good is the cabin in the woods , that movie is really entertaining , and scary .
It is a good for people who do n't want to leave their homes or they just do n't like the crowded shops .
I think it is a perfect example of an important historical place in my country .
In important meetings like UN General Assembly or G77 , many leaders of power countries raise the environmental problems as the most concerned problem in their internal policies .
The by the UK 's Foreign Office in 1944 published booklet " instructions for British Serviceman in France " is still useful for the most , nowadays .
I was able to inspire some members of my family to send their children to University .
Carrying many heavy bags is not my favourite kind of spending my spare - time .
Now let 's go back to those days when young people still watch television for entertainment .
Business is not easy work and success in business is very difficult .
He is sarcastic and often mean , which drives people away from him .
In my opinion , people watch movies because they want to spend their leisure time .
Also , when a city is small the people should walk to different places since everything is near to your houses .
For me , my best friends are in my family , except one .
I was too angre because I was finishing the puzzles and five pieces were missing so I began to search the whole house for the five pieces but did n't find it .
During the holidays and at the weekends , he wears summer clothes .
Finally , travelling by public transport is generally cheaper than travelling by car .
Moreover I need to organise a tandem to improve my English but if it would n't work I could attend an English course .
This is a worth seeing be concerned because air pollution has negative impact on our health and the ecosystems .
In addition , plenty of girls who were interviewed told they could n't stand reggaeton music , however they used to want to listen to it in discos because they could dance .
However , the city centre also offers just as much opportunities for you to go shopping .
However , many countries have become more aware of the environmental issues each nation faces .
In all times and places there is always some typical food of the country where we live .
You can relax when you are travelling , listening music or reading a book .
So there was nothing better to do but stay in the same place and wait for someone to help me .
Second , I can travel all around the world , meet different people who are very friendly .
However , what is the best means of transportation to see the world for yourself ?
He 's very brave to work in one of the most dangerous places of the Earth .
With this approach , it is very convenient for the workers who are engaged in the garbage control service because they can collect all the garbage of a village in one place .
Teachers must learn how to use these new technological devices in order to get their students motivated .
Ever since I met him , I stopped feeling frighten when facing big dogs , and even started to play with them .
The place remembers the atmosphere of the little alleyways of Naples , with pictures of the most famous Neapolitan people on the wall .
He is a very honest person and has short blond hair and brown eyes .
He started feeling nervous and dizzy because he knew it was something extremely important .
It was the most exciting and beautiful party I have ever been to .
If someone wants to take up this sport , first of all , I would recommended him or her to pursue a good mountain bike .
Then the engineers discover that the eye of the hurricane was widespread of the island and that island it was hemisphere then in the city qualify to the people that work in this building .
According to the present situation it is a pity that their relative influence happiness family .
Thus , the lecture disputes the idea mentioned in the article that building a national fence could avoid the spreading .
It is important to gain awareness about different societies due to the fact that Britain is becoming such a multicultural society .
In this way , they represent originality just by using their creativity .
Most of these buses will make many stops which makes it even more time consuming .
I know that you are looking for a wedding dresses and I saw a lot of wonderful items on this page .
This afirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient say everything , for example if we think a lot of time we spent on wait bus to arrive our destiny , the traffic is a lot of things that everyone prefer buy car it more practical and fast .
To help in this issue , the nurse should certificate that Mr. Sharma is confortable , and elevate the head of the bed for a more upright position in order to facilitate and increase his oxygenation , helping him to recover faster his respiratory instability ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
The film events happened in Los Angels in late 2019 , there are 4 robots in the story and each robot has his own character , and the most famous and dangerous one is called batty , he is a very advanced robot and has many skills and abilities .
In Catalonia there is an important race track where the cars of Formula 1 race .
Also , for somebody it could be cheaper to travel by a bus , especially for a tourist from a foreign country .
So , it would be a good choice to consider them your friends .
A tear started running down his face as he looked at the clouds .
The movie was stoning , some of the plots were rather shocking .
But this should not reach a level that it lets us fall into mental disorders .
For example , the planetarium in a navigate room for learnt about the position of star , four small boats use for practiced the leadership and navigation in Pontevedra river , or even the simulation for maked the situations which are seldom happen .
Plus , you should wear a sweater or jacket to avoid to be cold /// being cold because you are flying on the sky , over the clouds .
It was the curse that had made her life living next to the humans tough .
To conclude , Disney has so many facilities that it is impossible to get bord , you can relax in your hotel and have an unforgettable moment in the roller coasters
I am trying to change my family 's opinion so that I can travel .
Potential issues such as rule violation and conflicts may be arose because the foreigners may not understand the rules .
In conclusion , the Miracle Resort is a very beautiful and appealing place to go .
However , I find it difficult to use activities every lesson because they are time consuming .
At the moment people who has got a handicap can not drive a car on theirself .
The owner prefers to leave on only the TV , but often the dining room is silent .
Hopefully , I have chances to be alive in 50 years , so maybe I will see the future with my own eyes .
I myself , have faced with so many cases that helped me to understand the teaching ability of my parents .
In my job , I have daily work with groups of people and I make presentation in front of them .
while if you have your own conveyance you can save time and moreover it is safe .
Only our own vehicle can provide us with an opportunity to find any quiet and pleasant place outside the city .
Having scarce land is not the sole problem in Hong Kong .
In today 's technological world , this knowledge can only help them in the future .
I was very happy at the time , and I have the friend sincerely .
Another think you should take in consideration if you want to live a happy long life is doing physical exercises , such as walking in the park , going to the gym or playing team sports .
Pasteries are very common and most of them offer the special dessert from the city .
Look around you , crimes and death are srounding us , all this people are dreaming to live a peaceful life without all the aspects of killing and sadness .
For people starting to do this sport , one can try to train individually .
Different levels of technical supports can be arranged and purchased at different prices .
USA Summer Camp , I am interested in he vacancy of the summer camp .
I have lots of ideas and enthusiasm and I am available to work long hours .
The public transport offers a possible solution for the problem , because much people can transported in one vehicle .
However , we usually do not let this stop us from going into the water .
That day Michael had to go to work , so he woke up from his bed and went to his bathroom .
This has led to many black Americans to visit the Gambia for investment purposes .
Although I have never taking airplane , I would feel worry if I travel by plane .
The future of the public transport is fading away , you might ask why .
Indeed , I think this is the best way to improve , listening to and speaking with native English people .
The direct supplies to offices , households and hotels also will be given good price with the delivery service .
If we have a car I believe we do n't spend much money .
I would strongly recommend this at the nap time to allow them to relax , otherwise you will have to leave sooner than you expected .
By the same token , a sole method could not solve the traffic problems as driving offences are not the only reason that cause traffic accidents .
Hence , this research remained us that the ability to adapt or adjust to changing conditions or circumstances is the major factor to success instead of having excellent knowledge or a field of study .
Our team trained twice a week for about two or three hours .
In order to do so , I conducted interviews with 30 university students .
Also , there is a time to break down and a time to build up .
When I have a free time I usually run because I feel really relaxed after that .
He saved 220 people and among them he knew the girl that 5 years later became his wife .
It was late , and there was a lot of work to do , so he 'd better catch up .
We were instructed to make a badge that flashed different coloured light by using solder to attach the led and battery hatch to the badge .
Even the background is cleverly chosen what enhances the intriguing and dramatic script .
I have experience in children Summer camps and recently I attended a First Aid course , so I could deal with a difficult situation .
In my age young parents and I have in common that we go out in the evenings .
Otherwise I could sell both tickets and we can have a look if we want to go to the same concert here in Germany .
- Bibliographical references : The part where the sources are revealed
In the afternoon , the kids have enjoyed a multi - dance program that has different international dances .
Famous directors as Ridley Scott and Alejandro Amenábar came to the club in the last weeks .
The misuse of magic is when it causes an argument between the Athenians .
Finally , the Metropolitan Museum of Art is a good place for people who like history , antropology and viewing a lot of types of arts .
Yesterdays ' petrified men will become confident .
We should respect other 's right to privacy and let them live their own lives .
A way that no one ever seems to tells you about .
In a family , responsibilities increase with age . I have some , not a lot .
Actually , I am interested in science , especially area between chemistry and physics .
MUx / Px must equal MUy / Py .
I am writing to apply for the post of instructor at USA Summer Camps .
She was surprisingly open to thought that I could try it at least .
For example , the lack of safety , which raises the probabilities of getting hurt if an accident occurs .
It is a good place to spend your holiday and a perfect place to rest .
This means a lot to me , you are a wonderful friend .
At the age of eighteen , most of British students are finishing secondary school .
Bye for now , I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
I fall asleep as soon as we crossed jhitka bazar in addition when I wake up we had crossed Tora bridge .
First of all , we can like or even love shopping , but not always we have have enough money to buy items we want or need .
In addition , the oldtown is not as involved as it should be in clean behaviour , being the University who make the biggest effort .
Therefore , I only would like to remark that family not means relatives , but those people with whom you can feel as at home .
However , I have no experience working with children , apart from helping my parents with brothers and sister .
Their systems are no longer that good enough and students will not make a good career for their future .
Good authors I think have to be able to find the way to keep together these to important aspects .
The mayor accepted Tom 's proposal , and he ordered to build the motorway in another different place .
In following section I will write about his sexuality and dealing with an argument .
Sapporo is an attractive place because raw fish and vegetables are fresh and nice to eat .
He gasped and tried to scream but it was too late to run .
On the other hand , the skyscraper makes more problems , such as pollution .
Would you mind making a list of places you like the most ? .
Most people are satisfied with shops in my town in spite of being quite small .
Regarding this information , they can teach their children and help them to make reasonable decisions .
The old house on the hill is a landmark in my city .
The rules are simple just see the laptop , watch the animatronics , wait to 6:00am and close the doors if you needed I say OK .
First of all , the local council organised a competition promoting ecological awareness and encouraging the local community to preserve the community .
Drivers drive the cars with full throttle for over 75% of the lap , longer than the other circuits .
And she thought that this is her chance to get in , to be one of them .
Furthermore you do n't study during this period and when you want to start the university you would n't be able to remember some important things
Although , if I find something cute , it wo n't fit .
Nowadays , there are some vehicles run with electricity.we can decrease pollution by using electricity .
I recommend you , too , to visit the castle because it is very interesting .
Eventually , I slowly opened the door and came out of my room .
In contrast , there will be cheaper alternatives as bus , train or even plane for long distances .
If we want to produce spiro ducts and other articles in future .
Instead , it should be a combination of various actions .
As a person I 'm friendly and I like to do my job .
I practise also swimming in my apartment 's pool , and surfing when I manage to get to the beach .
In addition , you can visit the North of Spain since it is very beautiful with marvelous landscapes and beaches .
He put his hand on the handle and without thinking too much he opened the door .
In my view , we should all riconsider the role that computers have gained in our lives .
In winter we have some games every two weeks , where our friends are visitors .
Lot of children got their hair cut as their favourite football players , others dress like their favourite actors and actresses or even adults act as their role model , just because they all do have something in common : they admire those people .
We have already heard about how pollution is killing our planet earth , gradually .
In my town , we can see a big swimming pool , five parks , four bares and one state school .
Wide eyed , red lips , rosy cheeks , broad - build and a little stubble on his chin , he looked incredible .
He put his raincoat on , took his umbrella and headed to the street .
I ca n't say my town is the best place in the world .
I 'm writing in response to the announcement in International Sports Monthly .
many countries are truly started to concern no environment and worried about the globe warming , In schools teachers are doing their best to educate children how to take care of their schools and keep them tidy , also they train them how to plant trees in public gardens of their towns ,
I think that it is necessary to involve some professional mechanics to give advice to users .
Nowadays , you have a lot of ways to learn and be better in your life and your career .
He star watch the kids there running , playing , laughing a lot , the same couple of yesterday talking about love , the sadness in the city .
I mostly like comedies because they create my mood put me in high spirites .
The next thing Michael knew is that he is making love with this girl .
Computers help us in organizing our data , also you can find any information you want very fast as it has lots of search engines .
International relationships are built by people who can speak the same languish and who are at the same level of their vocabulary .
It leads to an increasing number of people choose to using the online museum .
It is an easy sport to play for anyone who never play any sport before .
To practise this sport first you have to meet someone who teaches you how to swim because it is a beautiful sport but it is also dangerous .
Beside that , they have differents points of view in many sublects , that is why they may don ' like the fun and the conversation in the social life with the other students .
The most exciting day on my life was May 9th , last year , when I attend the secondary school .
For example , we could think about some odd cars that can fly or become invisible .
What is more I hate do shopping when I really need to buy something .
To support this idea , a study was conducted 6 months ago .
In my opinion , the home of the future wo n't change much .
Later , he also ordered to clean our wet zones too .
Since he took up the office in 2002 Lula has made major structural changes in Brazil , taking out more than fourty million Brazilians out of extreme poverty .
But then I remembered when I was 15 I 've sent my scientific work to the Patent service .
The film was produced in 2010 by the well know director Stanley Kubrick .
In a nutshell , based on the above - mentioned point such as , quality of educations system not only interests with mix - education but also it will need some good solutions in some subjects that mentioned .
But it 's not just the acting that is great in this film .
Anywhere she went , she was always surrounded by a handful of students .
The leverage point of Trivago is providing hotel room search services .
I know how much you care about animals and love them , especially dogs .
This winter , I may be able to travel to Cornwall , UK .
Its true atractiveness , in addition to the decoration which is in the summit of the Andalusian art is also their location which is unique .
It 's brutal and I 'm always worried about you .
Finally , the problems facing and business strategy will be introduced and explored .
We also have to take in mind taking care of our environment , in order to have a healthy life .
Some people claim that the youth of today is less healthy than they were two decades ago .
Advent of science , whether it is in the scientific research or in the designs of consumer products , has changed our lives and will definitely keep changing our lives in the future .
If you would like to take my appliciation further than I would be pleased to hear from you .
You do n't need a lot of aquitment , so you do n't have to buy a lot .
At the beginning I did n't want to talk with him but on second thought all people deserve a second chance .
Military service mainly to improve physical , however study might be completed better in school at the age because it has professional teacher team and a good study atmosphere , people usually easier to concentrate on learning knowledge .
Being a person that loves sports , it is hard for me to see gaining pounds through the years .
I have no problem in being hired for three months because I do not go to the university in Summer .
I 'm studying Business Administration , I think my major is so busy .
They should be able to enjoy the same rights and responsibilities as EU citizens .
Grass hockey is a popular sport practiced among people of all ages and it 's more played in countries like Britain , Argentina or German rather than Spain or Italy .
In this play , the fairies are almost like the heart of the book .
Everything seems to strange when you fifteen and you are talking about love .
Therefore , I do n't feel embarrassed to admit that I love ballet .
I can Play it with good friends , it 's a funny Sport , but it 's also hardly and you can get to your Limit .
Additionally , all human beings should stop fighting and devote ourselves to pursuing a peaceful world .
You should take no bags or backpacks along when you come to the interview .
It means that tourists and the people of town must have a crucial duty to protect the beach , the roads etc .
When students enter University after they have taken a year off fewer people leave the career after several months because they know themselves better .
This is on the big plus but the waiting time for delivery is quite long .
the world is sadly lacking in an environmental mind in consequence , it caused the global warning which been the most important global problem it does n't mind to more than three quarters of the world population .
I have finished my degree and my girlfriend is just about to do it .
Furthermore we use personal vehicles or rent cars for travelling , because it is more convenient and gives us the feelings of our independence .
Then , he taught me how to play , for example , when hitting , used the strength of the whole arm and did not just used elbow , or you would feel tired shortly .
In order to get good grades we are forced to participate in discussion .
I hope Indonesian government take an action about this situation because if it continues then Indonesia would be the most unclean country over the other countries .
In addition , Clear , easy to understand , and precise scientific paper are one way to represent , share , and discuss the ideas and results with others in a scientific environment .
It is a method I use to relax , unwind and revive myself .
In addition , when operating the variable frequency drive ( VFD ) , it is necessary to set another separate emergency stop button , which is easy to be make out for unprofessional people in case of emergency .
I am a friendly , happy , hardworking person with a lot of energy .
This makes it nearly a complete self study education , which should n't be that way at this level of schooling .
Being happy together , they were not paying attention to a new girl .
It 's a bookseller called " A droga da obediência " that the author is Brazilian .
I already exprienced one friendship through an organization , International Youth Service IYS , a benficiary association established for youth friendship .
If until 17 March my order not come yet I will cancel my order and I want 100% refund for my money .
It 's been a long time , so how have you been ?
For example in your childhood you are much more happiest than your Parents because their job is not very easy .
In addition , cars require regular maintenance such as oil change and checking tire pressures .
Participation in class by asking and answering to questions demands more active thinking from us .
And I know that job is for you ! Please come and work with me !
I am keen to work for a company with great reputation like Green Pepper Cafe .
In a very interesting way you can find somehing about the history of Siemianowice and about mines .
The recycling centers sort these garbage and are put into different categories to be recycled , categorized garbage are then transported to the recycling process in the nearest factory .
This messenger can help us to chat with our friends without meeting them .
As it is known , it is used to produce crops that are more resistant to insects and diseases .
Only after having read the explanation it was possible to appreciate the installation art , and to have the complete attention to its meaning and shape .
Your you can find work , since you have the learned English , in a bar , in a hotel , etc .
I love the T - shirt that you gave me for my birthday .
The second important thing is that I can always count on my family .
Idon't know the end of the story but i don;t think that is a happy one ...
These days people care about privacy and hence a personal car not only provides privacy but also convenience .
It started working but suddenly got stuck and we were unable to use it since .
But a disadvantage it that cars maintenance and gas is more expensive than paying for public transport .
In contrast , some people consider that domestic films are more familiar than foreign ones .
In the past friends were made when peopleet each other , other than of course pen friends .
It educates the citizens to cultivate their sense of protecting the city 's environment .
Before the concert I had to sweep up the whole hall .
He realized Adam 's marks are getting low and he involved in some troubles in school and began to investigate him .
Otherwise it is a sport where you do not have contact with your friends what helps not to make injuries .
In fact I discovered that Mr Smith 's nephew wanted all his fortune .
This shop is loved by the most sporty people in the town .
Sexual violence has a devastating impact on victims , all areas of a victim 's life is affected .
In the other hand when teenagers take a year off is helpful for them to become mature .
Many people think that public transport is only for poor and not for rich .
I chose this story because even though this novel was written in the early twentieth century , the underlying theme , is still current today .
As a consequence of this investment , the state is contributing to the improvement in the career of Brazilian professionals .
Of course with the roll we also order a lot of chips .
I remember when I was a kid the only thing I use the phone was to call my friend to play on the street .
Hence , The above indicates details support the idea that there will be a change in people 's lives but in negative side .
I hope people must take them as an example and introduce similar ideas in their own towns or villages .
This essay will look at both sides before drawing a logical conclusion .
It 's the fastest and most comfortable way to get to your favourite destination .
Now he was 35 and he was still keeping on smile at the news of his colleagues and friends marriages .
I was born in Russia , but lived in many different countries around the world .
Many coaches advise their pupils to practise it for a better coordination of hand and eye .
In a class , there are very few students with many more flexible study programs .
I visited some friends of my parents and I wrote some letters to a friend .
Finally , the film had the great touch of Tim Burton as director .
I had an amazing time , too bad you could n't be there .
So do n't look down on the bank notes in your hand now , they are precious .
Suddenly a powerful wind make the door blow up and squeeze my finger really hard .
As a conclusion , I recommend visiting " Ichiban Restaurant " , you 'll have the chance of enjoying a delicious meal in a certainly agreeable atmosphere .
All kinds of shows can give you all kinds of different knowledge even when you watch movies .
I would recommend them always remember that , so if things do n't result as they expected , they wo n't feel disappointed .
After a few lessons you will be able to go diving on yourself and enjoy the sensation of freedom that provides you this sport .
I closedthe door whishing never have to opened again , then i went to the bathroom and took a relax shoower .
He did n't realize that she was going to leave him for ever .
It is a learning ground for many to strengthen their personality and character for their lives .
In the wonderful Granada , which is located in the south of Spain with a great weather , you can visit the palace city .
On Sunday , the bus do n't work until 3 p.m.
While some may claim that credibility is the main reliable aspect of publishing .
Football - the most popular sport in the world , is well - known as " King Sport " .
My babysitting duties were to bring the children to bed , provide lunch or dinner , play with and read to them .
I am sure that you will give me hand in realizing me dream by giving me the right direction to make my dream come true .
Suddenly he understands that he has heard a noise so he decides to stay in the cavern away from danger .
She was my friend , because we are from the same town .
So , a good idea would be to keep yourself doing creative things .
This bar chart depicts an average of knowledge on reading and writing for female and male on six different regions in 2000 .
That was the first time my work was assessed by the way I wrote in English .
Furthermore I would like to ask you if there are any individuals who can be able to look after groups like us ?
She seemed to be having a drink with a friend at the bar .
His eyes were adjusted to the darkness now , so he could recognize her .
Also thanks to the progress of medicine we will achieve some important goals .
It is however well known after a plethora of scientific publications that cars harm the environment dramatically .
Maybe , in 2060 we will be able to go to the moon very easy , like go to Europe .
I came to school with almost zero knowledge of English , and after entry tests , I was applied to level higher than mine .
Was hard at the beginning just like when you start doing something new , so here are some tips if you want to start practicing Muay Thai .
On a normal weekday over 8 million people use the Shanghai Metro.[3 ]
Suddenly I saw a small gap between two blocks of snowy hills just enough for me to lie down in .
However , if I were you , I would do what I have always want .
But something happens unexpectedly and the new chapter is completely different what you had imagined .
In addition , stress is a clear disadvantage of compete because competitiors are trying to win and this can frustrates .
She teach me a lot of things , and be the most important figure in my life .
The people who do n't use the public transport , think that travelling by car is much better .
It 's more confortable go anyway with your own car , the problem is the pollution that this life bring us , and also the park problem .
The second benefit of public transportation is that it can reduce the air pollution for a city .
More specifically , it was Alice when she was starting her journey .
Migration is a factor all countries must consider in order to move forward .
Most people prefer to watch reality programmes where people have to live with unknown people in order to gossip about them .
In my opinion , inside they will be looks still in the same way , maybe more technology connected with new inventions .
You should control your body very well if you wish to skate gracefully .
Second , I want to be employed as a programmer .
So ... This is Adriana and some things about her .
When he stopped , he gave me a coloured bracelet that it would make me happier .
I consider it one of the best sporty and cultural activities because you keep fit at the same time that you express yourself making an art stuff .
With its help , for example , people are able to cope with natural disasters .
I 'm good at improvising games to children , and good cook too .
As I listened to my students , I have come to realize the very essence of my existence as their teacher .
The man who is crying together with him was his father that have leave peter and his mom because they had divorce 6 years ago .
It is also known that extreme sports help to build character and form a strong personality .
There is also quite big concert hall where , if you have luck , you can enjoy some interesting concerts ( in general for free ) .
The tv shows broadcasted on television play a vital role in shaping the thoughts of the viewers .
The members follow you , and can based on them . You can tell whatever you want to them .
Knowing this about the Spanish education system , we can now talk about technology .
When he finished talking he looked to the young couple in front of him
hi my name is Adrian i am 17 years old and i am footballer . I was born too be a footballer .
This is how I think life would be in the next 50 years .
The personal space in their life should be larger than in a movie stars , but they should make their descisions transparent for most of the population tho .
I looked around one more time but still I did n't see anyone .
Travelling to school at least includes 1 meter of walking , nevertheless staying at home doing work on your PC makes you less active and health .
There are some reasons why people leave shop in a bad mood , or even do n't want to get in them .
This might be of great influence on youngster , for adults are seen as the wiser people .
Let 's consider the attitudes to education and study in Russia and Australia .
Old clothes , books and toys in good conditions can be passed on to charity shops .
One of the islands was a cave you had to swam into it , it was very beautiful .
Nowadays , it is more and more popular to take a year off between school and university .
Accordingly , people do not have to spend lots of money on gas that they have to fill the tank .
cars are faster than public transport so cars are more convenient than public transport it is easier , faster and more comfortable especially in long distances so governments should improve public transport as not all people have cars
In the same place where Manuel Belgrano first raised the Argentina flag on February 27 , 1812 .
Pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is form the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they can build a great building like that form about 7000 years and it is still strong till now!. people from all over the world come to Egypt to see it 's great civilization , around 2 million people come to pyramids yearly you can be one of them .
Everyone likes something more or less , even when it comes to little things .
I hope after reading of my report you will have some minimal understanding of Ukrainian reality .
If you prefer to go to nature I can recommend you ours mountains Krkonoše , Jeseníky or Šumava .
My favourite way to travel is by plane because you are quickly in another country .
Cristiano Nazario Tejada Curiel
Huge amounts of energy are generated by nuclear reactors .
Going by train for example , you need to get to the next train station and afterwards from the destination train station to your target .
In the end , I would like to add a quotation by Franz Marc .
Students have to study two parts which are engineering part and military part .
I was alive ! I was alive! ... I could n't believe it !
The Internet has also replaced television to watch films and TV shows , especially among young people who prefer to download and watch the videos instead of watching on the fixed schedule of TV .
I think we should learn to buy only things we really need and we can afford .
We reached our home at 1:00 pm as well as planned to back Dhaka at 4:00 pm .
Globalitation starts in the 20 's , so a huge amount of population has experience this change , in my opinion is kind of good .
However , a lot of people are becaming more and more consciencious about how important travelling by public transport is .
When Michael get up in the morning , he realize that his kittie had disapeared , and he found Tom 's dog with some white hair in his mouth .
The fact that " shopping is not always enjoyable " might be considered an universal truth .
You 're very lucky because you have free time to travel and work abroad .
Since 2013 I am studying English and Marketingscommunications at University College Syddanmark .
" Okay , I think it 's time I go in " .
I do n't appreciate melodramas or love stories much , but they should be paid attention to .
Another way to encourage students to find the perfect job would be courses and qualification .
Another thing I would like to know is how much turnover / profit can I expect in the first year ?
From now on , Anna would have to direct her attention to making grandfather proud of her degrees .
Although , shopping may be entertaining , it is still a time consuming and tiresome job .
When Tom arrived home , talked to his family about what have he learned in science class and talked their parents to start recycling .
At the end of the evening I worked at the parking lot .
The more computer science influences human 's lives , the more important status robotics has in the field of engineering .
Most of the people I know do n't know what you are doing if you are training slalom .
What 's more , you can use this time to travel and relax .
Lima is one of the cities with less road culture in the world .
Looking forward to your reply , please feel free to ask me any questions .
Swimming will be the good exercise to the people who are not able to jog or even walk .
The stranger was looking for a food in the street to take it to his family .
Many of them are relaxed when they are searching for new , remarkable clothes .
In conclusion , we look forward to being our village free from pollution and keep our health and enjoy in pure air where our children will grow up .
Jon did n't use to go to the countru , so he did not know how to walk over the stones and he was afraid .
You can go out from your house and take your car park and leave to your job and park very close .
I should talk in the third person because I do n't have any brothers or sisters , but a close cousins .
Playing the cricket will also gives physical exercise to our body.we can bowl , batt , field in the cricket which requires lot of physical activities .
That one meeting made it a day I will never forget .
Obviously everyone loves pizza , so it 's the perfect place .
You are comfortable wearing a light jacket outside instead of a heavy warm coat .
I will never stop visiting the UK and trying to improve my speaking and writing skills , thanks too to your help .
All current 27 nations must work both individually and together for the best conditions of immigrants .
With the tremendous thriving and growth of both economy and cultural diversity , the need of the resource is increading , which used for building much - needed housing and transport networks .
She did n't know exactly why , but she had the feeling .
I am thinking of attending a course for two or three weeks in August .
In fact , I have been helping in summer camps in Italy for 3 years .
The repetitive theme of magic plays a significant role in the play .
I think that I 'm a suitable person to look out them because I am quite responsible .
The service is always great , the clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is done , while clients are waiting they always give a Indian food .
Secondly , Closed trash bins provided to the people in order to collect the waste and recycling .
I am so glad that you would like to come to my country .
It was really hard not to burst out laughing in his face !
That wastes people 's time and make people feel exhausted .
She took a heavy sigh of relief as all the panic was finally over for her !
On that last day of training , we started with a light run .
But all awkwardness aside , it ended with a first kiss .
Dear Sophie , I have just come back from a really exciting few days with my cousin .
Second , playing badminton can active all body , like hands , arms , feet .
He was starving more then ever since he had hidden a young Jewish woman .
At certain moment , the girl , named Cris , asked him for a little aid .
Everything was going very good ; nonetheless Peter intentions changed and became riddle .
I think all the people should practice one sport , we can feel better after that and that is very good for our healthy .
We feed worms our food and organic waste , which has drastically decreased it .
Brazillians need learn English because it opens doors in business and in higher education .
I still was in pyjama , so I did n't open the door fast .
They walk around in all the streets and pick up all the dumped material .
I had a lot of things to improve , such as writing and reading skills .
It is said that the man , who go shopping more than one hour is angry and tired .
I 'm of the opinion that people 's lives wo n't change extremely in the next 50 years .
He started his career when he was sixteen years old through kart competitions .
The artists invited all the staff to a big party in a restaurant .
So , what 's the typical English approach to nutritional needs ?
These kinds of weapons do not kill one or ten but destroy a large town completely .
John draw a sketch to see how it was going to look .
I can not agree with the statment of " no future for public transport " provided that the premise is " travelling by car is more convenient " .
The Vikings where feared from most people in Europe but they where also merchants and explorers .
One of the best examples in education has been a scholarship programme called Science Without Borders .
She turned her haid and saw him " he was fowling me " she thought"well , I should ask him what are he doing here "
Besides these , the public transport is better for the environment , especially the electric bus .
Regarding the desk is just beside the bed , the desk lamp could be used to illuminate both the desk and the bed head ; that way , placing another lamp in the furniture would be unnecessary .
I always want to see the world , to swim in the Ocean .
Around 7:15am , I take a shower and get dressed , I usually wear jeans and T - shirts .
Secondly , it has helped me to improve my health condition in several ways .
We were n't have speedometer , blinkers and lights , it was very dangerous situation .
For that reason , it would be a wonderful chance to learn amongst kids and adults in the USA Summer Camps .
They both must be solved because of their great negative influence on the world .
The first treatment that your doctor will suggest is medications such as analgesics and paracetamol .
Ross is Monica 's brother and he is deeply in love with Rachel .
There you could buy some souvenirs - glsses , bottles , T- shirts , cups and , of course , beer !
And also I would like to highlight that reflects the importance of every decision we make and how it can change our future .
A man called Michael gave us a new machine to wash up our clothes .
Likewise , Trivago is an online service so Newspaper advertisement may not appropriate for it .
Cleaning the forest is a fantastic idea because when the forests are cleaned , forest fires hardly happen .
Thanks that the judge 's best friend had been killed by the man the chemist killed so they went out free and without bad feeling .
However the first article was more motivating to read , because the author substantiated important suggestions .
The given topic to write about is a common issue now a days in my country .
I enjoy this sport because it is comfortable and elegant also you never hurt yourself badly .
I began to work 4 years ago in a special children school .
I do practise sports such as football , basketball and chess , with these skills I could help children have fun while teaching them the all goods benefits in practising sports .
As the only Brazilian president from unprivileged background , Lula has made history after running for four times for President .
In some people 's lives the most important is to wear fashionable clothes .
I suggest everyone go to this place because not only is the food good but also the owners are very friendly .
We are always small and careless children for our parents , small and foolish for our elder brothers and sisters .
To begginers in this sport I would recommend that a trainer teaches swimming properly because it is very important to pay attention to the position of the arms .
Although whom am I deceiving ... - I 'm thinking and nervously stretching out stiff neck .
I love facing new challenges and am available to work long hours if required .
And last but not least , it seems that new technologies are not helping to develop their social and intellectual skills .
I have played many sports in my life , like football , golf and tennis .
I think there is a role for both methods of transport after taking in to account all of the above reasons .
First of all , studying online does not allow students to ask teachers about questions .
First at all , I want to explain the communication with the town ; a lot of people came by train , it is situated at the top of the town , is the best travel to yours because it is the most quickly , but proving that you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
Despite some people would suggest that such service has no future because people are more rely on car as it is convenient , it is my personal belief that public transport should continue and has its future .
I have just completed a 5 years course in English and I got very good marks .
Thank you for your time and consideration of my resume and I look forward to speaking with you .
Secondly , Every country have own martial art history and culture that is kungfu from China , taekwondo from Japan and Karate form Korea .
There was an unparalleled expansion of the English - Speaking Peoples both by birth and emigration .
Someone has suggested putting warnings on some types of food and drink .
As we know , in all cities a lot of cars are used every day unnecessarily .
Mel , who was a teacher for young people .
I travelled to my country of birth where I was able to meet my family member , relative and friends .
There are appliances as treadmills , bikes , weightlifting and many others .
The bad side with taxis is that they are still very expensive , with all the extra taxes and different zones .
In the early 1980s the activity in the classroom was focused on grammar .
Michael reached for his baseball bat , ready to look into what was going on .
There will be leaflets , cartels at its disposal , in which it will be able to find museums , churches , exhibitions .
When you first meet the interviewer , shake his or her hand firmly .
First , I think about painting the walls in warm colors ( apricot , salmon or warm beige ) . I thought you might add some more interesting colors to the list .
Looking for any sport make you feel good and your brain be always refresh so that you can begin your day with any sport to making fresh and after that you can make any job with refreshment mind .
Firstly , shopping may be uncomfortable , because more often than not we can hear there tiring music , saleswomen can be too intrusive and the queue usually are very long .
The last film i saw was called " The others " altough is not a recent film .
The graph below gives information about seasonal sales for ice - cream of different places in ice cream van and indoor swimming pool in Jan to Dec .
I believe you should be fully informed about the quality of the services in the advertisements you publish , as your readers could be negatively biassed towards your paper only due to such incidents .
You can also enjoy a quiet afternoon in the cafe if you go there around evening .
The best place to run is a nice spot close to the park .
So in the near future there will be no longer a use for public transport .
You can find Kids Club 's Members everywhere in the hotel , except for your room .
Finally , they totally do n't listen to what my point is .
Not only less study burden when compare by secondary school , but they are able communicating with foreigners as well as extend their societal network during that period and the later life .
I am available for an interview at any time which might be convenient for you .
We have met us years ago , when we were babies because our mothers were and are good friends .
On the other hand , I can see also negative aspects of taking a year off .
But that is the reason Tamils enjoy the game and they cherish it .
In my opinion the fame is a need for actors and musicians of the popular culture .
I completely rely on your taste as we 've always been on the same wavelength .
One of them was " the ultimate max steel " which was about a hundred dollars .
The other evening , I stay at home and read books , or do some English exercises to improve my English skills .
All in all , qing a pet in a big city must be done carefully ensuring all that a pet needs .
The next thing he knew is that she was gone not only on his pad but from his life .
The Communist Party , which has had control for 74 years , is rapidly dissolving - the Chicago Tribune wrote .
In fact when i was sixteen years old i begun to go to the stadium with my friends every sunday .
When it comes to health , it does cover physical and mental status too .
The topics can be easily focused if we have in mind a model of society where individuals have a central role .
The benefits of any sport make your healthy good so we can do it just make exercise every morning to make your blood preasure run in all your body .
Without the misuse of magic , the plot would n't be the same .
What I learned in 10 years , I had the ability to learn it on ice in one month .
You can get there by metro ( Teatralnaya Station ) .
But on the other hand , being famous is a free choice for many people .
" Dear Jennifer and Carly Brown , We are delighted to inform you that Carly is chosen to become the main woman of our new play .
- see someone or some people as standing beside or riding on them .
Now the question is , if it is really justified that brand products are much more expensive than no name products .
Each team gets opportunity to raid other 's field alternatively , and the first one to raid is decided by the toss of a coin , as usual as in most games .
You must be a person in charge and worker , and you be able to find a good work .
She stood up , packed her things and went out of the library .
This question is awkward for me because I do not like sport .
Of course it is not a way for long distance , but step to step , the traffic problems will improve .
In order to save up for future plans , a large number of early adults prefer to stay under the wing of parents rather than leaping in the dark and go out .
Furthermore , there was a slight decrease in Vacations / leisure allocation from 25% in 2000 to around 10% in 2010
Some individuals might even become computer addicts due to the time they spend on their PC .
The private companies try to keep public 's all water which is vital to live , rain is in danger ; Even the rain …
Michael was a 23 years old boy , who wanted to be famous artist .
You will never forget this amazing experience and the fragrance of the land of pharaohs , legends and history .
In the other hand , Governments are not able to change transportation policies to enhance public transport level of service .
Among various purposes of education , in my opinions , the most important one is teaching students to solve problems .
Very quickly he went of and try to put of his head of that sensation , but ... the smell , the feelings , the sign ... but " what ?
This Saturday I start a new book by Francine River , the book could The Warior I haven't finish the first chapter but I find the book very good .
The second main reason is that online news is often free of charge .
Actually , there are many communities still do not receive enough help , or many social issues and events would not be discussed again and again .
I hope your arrival was successful and you have been enjoying our town .
Especially in the countryside , public transport is no alternative to cars due to the lack of frequency .
On the one hand , many famous people like being discussed all over the world .
The first part of the interview is mainly about your private life and study .
For adults we have a little old museum , where you can live one day like sixty years ago , so If you never have been in one , you should go because it is not cost so much , besides the museum has a kinder garden for the kids .
Of course , spending hours in the shopping mall may be tiring .
First , small stores provide products with more unique feature and different selection .
It was n't that easy for the couple with two little girls .
So I do not have opptunity to practical English Because most of my colleagues speak French .
We visited many cities like Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and Trapani , and we saw a lot of monuments of Greek history .
For instance , in Peru everybody speaks Spanish so you are not accustomed to the language .
The tourist will never be able bored and will have much time to visit the city .
Currently there are many means to transport , but if we talk about long distances , remain the most popular trains , planes and boats .
In all cities of the world , the people will need the public transport to move around the city .
They are obvious , nevertheless , I feel I should repeat them .
He wants to convince me to use alternative means of transport , but after I see the price of this ecological vehicle I considered that I 'll buy one of them only if the price becomes
Finally Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
She said that they will need someone who can take care of their performance outfits .
The American press summing up the era of Gorbachov frequently highlighted his attempts to increase the openness of the Soviet society .
TTravelling by train is cheep and getting chicket is easy for us in our country .
He 's a little bit lazy but loves to run fast , so he is lazy in a smart way .
Taking into consideration our interest in the field of thrillers , under no cicumstances can we miss it !
The relieve of telling her was instantly replaced by a bitter hollowness .
To conclude , trekking is one of the most enjoyable sports even for people do n't like sports like me .
That is the reason why I love running so much .
He did n't found anyone so he grabbed Louis and tried to calm them down .
My country , Spain , has a lot of beautiful cities and places to visit .
For example , you may meet someone who has travelled nonstop for 20 countries and visited most of the countries on the plants .
It was a cloudy , rainy day and there was a lot of traffic .
I come back to work at 1 pm and go home at 5 pm .
Then with TVs , information started to spread faster and faster until our contenporary instantaneous reports from across the world in the palm of our hands .
Michael knew he was fading away , ever consumed by a feeling of apathy .
After that I practiced turns and driving on the road .
The young person has to be strong , try to understand the situation .
In conclusion , the real objective of the questionnarie consist on what the people think about the king sport of United States of America .
After that , she dressed up and went to the kitchen to make a breakfast .
Hence , we should bring our own recycle bag or basket every time we go for shopping and resist temptation to get plastic from them .
He started to panic and put his clothes on and walked to the door .
Finally , it may be very fatigue , as you may waste the precious time just by walking around but not finding the thing are interested in and need .
In the last edition of Pur Plus occurred an important discussion about the next plan of cities .
It 's a typical Indian soap opera in which love conquers over everything .
Well the days responsibilities in Michael 's mind had been successfully accomplished and he felt really confident about all he had accomplished .
Thus , we should prepare ourselves for whatever is coming in the future .
In addition , your cafe is conveniently located near my home which takes about 10 mintues to go on foot and i have 2 days off a week that gives me opportunity to challenge a new job .
A few months ago month he had been spending two weeks in Brussels .
Later both lines changed their regular trends so there are an huge imbalance again .
We all liked it so much so we are thinking going back there sometime .
We also like hiking and are planning on doing that a couple of times per week .
I have confessed that in the first time I did n't like it very much because I was a bit shy boy and I cost a lot of effort to integrate with the other players of the team but with the passage of the time I liked more and more .
Besides , you do not need a lot of people , as on football match for example , to play tennis .
Anyway , about one thousand years ago Sweden , Denmark , Finland and Norway was Vikings .
The last day I went to Nashla 's pool and ordered 50 chicken wings .
You may be energetic or crazy by these charming shops where you are walking around .
The statement given in the rubric proposes an issue of the future of pulic transport in developed countries .
Even , if you look for a good advice , some members of your family could help you from the heart .
And just as I was becoming in a proffesional football player , my right knee injured .
I live in Trieste , a very beautiful city , but this city has a great problem : it has a lot of cars , more than inhabitants .
He is a good coach but he does n't like to buy experienced footballer .
He rushed out of the pub , open the car and went inside , not knowing that he was to die in an accident because of his current state .
Under this circumstance , some people may rather take public transport to save money for their " dream house " rather than buying a car .
He was hunting a hot day in summer in the country near Monfrague with Jon , a friend from Madrid .
During this year she had explained the harbor world , in particular the world of Miramare , and I describe the same things under the geography aspects .
Many thanks and I hope for a wonderful trip regardless of the restaurant voted for .
When I approached them , they said they ca n't remember the exact words that were dictated .
Some kinds of animals would move to the urban area , steal the food from us and sleep on the streets or in the underground .
The way I see it is that the grammatical features learned in English course , always can be used later on in life .
Prices of train tickets can be very high and they should be reduced .
Higher power efficiency and linearity cause decrease power consumption , increase lifetime and reduction of interference channels .
I do n't know if you remember the Nastaran thing .
In the same way Australians have a different attitude about their education system .
We know in the olden days how our forefathers suffered in their movement .
To begin with , we have to try to use as little as possible the car or the bus and try to get at any place walking or by bicycle .
I live in a city named Tangerang it is in Indonesia .
But if we speak of the change of people 's lives there have to be some more dramatically things .
In addition , in many developing country , unemployment they also migrate to forest and set fire to enhance cultivated surface .
Following the tradition of economic reasoning , more is better .
I 'm meeting two friends of mine in Bristol where we 're renting a little car and we 're travelling without destination !
Someone ring the door and he opened but there was anybody in the door so he closed the door again .
If I would like to pass the exam , I had to improve my English skills .
As I wrote before it was not that easy to make the argument with him .
What is more , it could help if you work out at home and buy gym equipment such as treadmill or a bicycle .
Nowhere expresses Moscow , Russia 's vast and ancient capital like Red Square .
Subsequently , the sheets of bank notes are printed on the metal plates .
When Elena took it off she was blown away , completely amazed with what she saw .
Although I do n't quite like watching soap operas , I was started watching this particular show with my family .
They turned the turtle and took it to the water , where freed it .
Although the above look reveals solid evidence for both sides of the argument , it is felt that the healthiest approach to designating government positions is to ensure candidates fulfil rigorous training programs .
My brother only has one child , but my grandfather has four children .
To ensure safety wearing safety shoes is the most basic measure .
If you are looking for any luxury brands and extravaganza shopping experience , this is the right place .
In general , studying a language focuses more on a large account of individual effort and little talent .
But Michael did not believe this story and he thought that he was crazy .
Consequently , protected clothes , which will be made with materials and NASA technology , will be worn by future population .
To survive in the era of inflation of price , young people have to get more than one jobs .
Finally , the mobile phone offers both disadvantages and advantages in daily life .
Micheal is a clever Shy guy decided to find out new opportunities out of his small town after the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need of moving forward with his life and discover his real needs , no one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird isolated guy , therefore he never accepted having new Friendships out of his class that ends when the class ends , then there was that girl a popular beautiful Blondie that was in the cheer leaders every boy dream , one day after physics exam she just stumbled with his bag and dropped his books out of it , sorry she said with a sad sexy look ! ,
If you can study in short bursts and take some breaks , you 'll be by far more efficient in your studies than slogging away for hours on end .
As they say " There 's no I in " team " , but there 's " I " in win " .
I decided to go to my parents and spend a few weeks helping them with a renovation of their house .
It is said that people prefer going by bus to a close place , but some of then do n't think the same .
Michael always thought that this little ritual gave him an extra piece of luck .
When you drive by the neighborhoods you notice that families are all gathered in some kind of celebration .
Besides , the more they succeed , the more their fans expect of them to achieve .
As a country with one of the longest coastline in the world , I definitely would recommend you to know the beautiful beaches we have .
I went a week at Center Parcs in French with my family , my godfather , and my best friend .
When Peter listened that , he was interested in knowing about John 's experiment .
In my opinion , cars are one of the best and most useful inventions .
On the other hand , the woman just say " I 'm sorry " .
My husband and me went to a dinner on the beach of our hotel .
Nowadays , Cairo can be considered as one of - if not the most - the dirtiest city in the world .
An innocent dare made by Sara which led Michael to walk in a path of wrong .
As far as I am concerned , I would prefer to travel by boat .
These cases are always regarding good actions or showing the good characteristics of the man
In certain emergency cases , running for a bus seems harder than jumping up in your own car .
I am a qualified first aider and I am able to undertake any minor or major health problems that might arise .
We must pay to receive the psychologist 's attention , but friendship is free of charge .
Colombian became the first diver to win a world cup in High - Jumps .
After two long day Jonas get home safe and sound and tell everything about his experience .
We can also help by paying our tickets , yes this is simple but these companies need money to improve their businness .
Unlike public transportation , there is no limit in your way , no fixed timetable by car travelling .
Exept for the big cities the public transport is not an easy way to move trohout the city , that means that in the future even more people will stop using it .
Before I entered university , life in high school had n't a lot of friends and I was so lonely but after I started to study at Ton Duc Thang university , I became more happy , comfortable and interactive .
It requires a rich imagination to try to put a view of the future , first of all the means of transport will change , depend mainly on the solar energy or the nuclear energy , a flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work , you will need to supply your car with spinache after they invent a spinache - using car .
Anxiousness got the better of him as he prepare himself to enter the sanctuary .
Besides , I need the money to become free and no depend more of my parents .
I bought two kinds of clothes , casual clothes for every day and outfit for an occasion to my cousin 's wedding the next month .
However , I believe that games can not be the fundamental ways for the sound patriotism or peaceful international relations .
I usually check my e - mail in the mornings just after having breakfast .
First of all I get less than 100 dollars for my work .
People can also try canoeing at the local school or the water skiing with a mechanical device that drags you on the water .
Apart from this , the president election in the US is full of unfairness .
His name is Jose and I love him with all my heart .
We are not alone . We live with people whome are family for us .
My advice to anyone who is starting this sport is to simply have fun .
As the tournament began he 's been getting a high points for his team because of that nice contribution they have won the game .
The reason why walking is the best sport on the face of the Earth
We love his simplicity and veracity , we adore his multiplicity and fantasy , we appreciate his straightness and audacity , we prize his delicacy and his funny bone of course !
By your favor , I can study at UNSW from the next year .
Above all they talked more : we live in the era of the telecomunication and none could live without their mobile phone or their computer .
Without doubt , having our own car provides us with great convenience .
I do n't know if my parents will be here on Friday , I 'm afraid not , they 've been working so much !
Sometimes , a lot of phrases and sentences runs in my head , but how to write it down correctly ?
The"New York Times " made a series of publications dedicated to the coup .
David and a group of friends tried to adapt this techniques to the urban environment and then the actual Parkour was born .
I hate the moment when the plane is taking off , and when it is touching off .
There are a few people are using puplic transport , like students and someone had low income.in my veiw , i can say might be the puplictransport going to e close because nobody is going to beclose
I met with my boyfriend 5 years ago so I was sure that it was the most important day of my life .
In villages the only way of public transportation is small buses , most of which can service up to twenty passengers in any moment of time .
At my school I do n't do that much because we are just five people that are worried about the world .
Althought this change lend the life of people efficient , the problem should not be ignored .
It is obvious that global warming can be attributed to greenhouse gas emissions .
this book tells you how to use the power of your mind , and how to make yourself happier .
I look forward to understanding and I hope we will reach a consensus .
But the visit which has a lasting impression on my mind is the visit of Red Square .
Moreover , it 's still popular to travel long journey with trains or ships because the scenery you can see from them are totally different from the one from cars .
I was in the school swimming team and I 've got the first - aid certificate .
At the end of the conference Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
It helps to release the endorphins and anxiety levels in my body .
I asked my parents and they said ambitious , curious and considerate .
I want to do this course everyday if it 's possible also now .
It involves many moral virtues , which makes football one of the best activities for teenagers .
And if you have a garden , you could turn your vegetable peelings into compost .
These meetings are organized according to their planned schedule and the results were surprising .
They brought Marcuangolo to a room and put the boy in a bed .
There are many swimming pools in Hong Kong people love to swim with their families , friends or their children .
Academic culture refers to the attitudes , values and that are shown by the people who work or study in universities .
Whether at some point you are fed up with art and culture , the city offers to you a lot of leisure time facilities such as concerts , exhibitions , festivals and so on !
I have more ideas where to travel by car , as public transport 's routes are "
Whereas , I love two things too : a friendly waitress with her traditional black clothes and a light on my table that make the night more romantic if you dinner with your couple or more relaxed if you dinner with your friend .
The bigger the city is , the more important public transport is .
However , we should not overlook the fact that not everyone can afford a car .
Suddenly , she remembered that for three days she living with Chuck - her boyfriend .
What is more , when we speak about pollution we are not only talking about exhumes fumes .
All that is required of you is to have a knack for kids and love the idea of becoming Au Pair .
Actually I was asked to recommend only one place , but Historical Peninsula is already an area where those historical distincts got together .
Therefore , changing portion size of soft drinks would be efficient to reduce sugar intake for teenagers each time .
It may be on the verge of replacing traditional personal interactions for the next generation .
description I have found at the http://http://europa.eu / youth/. I would like to know are you
the only idea of working in the kitchens it really excites me , because I would like to provide my experience cooking , I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working but finally I liked it , and now I do all sorts of deserts and meals .
When i was born i weight 3650 grams and i was 52 centimeters tall .
I ca n't do sales ' becomes a self fulfilling prophecy .
In the meanwhile , if people prefer to take buses or subways , there will be less noises in the street .
Now in the distance he could see the first skylines of the city .
They often swarm on their prey swiftly and sting repeatedly to paralyze it .
But as this takes 5 days many people do n't have time to watch this game and its loosing its popularity in young generation .
Greek historian Diodorus Siculus , ca .
Basing on this we can assume that this kind of cars will be the only ones on the streets fifty years from now .
Different people will be needed different functions , options and functionality of the future house .
She goes after Walter Cunningham after she gets in trouble on his behalf .
Let 's do n't forget the hard times during cold weather changes especially in winter while reaching the bus stations , or their low chances of having a good place to sit , may be another important reason that raise the private transport scores than the public one , which is molestation .
This could be important for food production , especially in developing countries .
Riding a bicycle reduces traffic , costs , ecological impact , and even car crushes .
This is very important for me because when I went for a company I will need a certificate ! ! !
In this way I would n't waste a lot of time .
I 'm sure it will be lots of fun going there !
It stung her like there were a million needles inside her .
Anna did n't expect that after returning from school she finds his family and friends .
Meanwhile , students should have deeper understanding of Chinese culture and viewpoints .
Also this summer i went to the United States and I was working in a summer camp .
Speaking of mental and physical health , you should definitely get enough sleep .
They have to look after their children and it 's very stressed I think .
The day before all the clothes which were inside the luggage had been classified on the bed : trousers , spring t - shirts , nightdresses and so on .
You have to be able to play for a long time , analyze your opponent 's mistakes to win and to have measure about your energy for no to be exhausted before the match is over .
If everyone uses television wisely , it can do more good than bad .
He decided to go and have dinner at a restaurant which was very near his office .
First of all I lived in London for three weeks in 2012 .
What if drugs , alcohol , cigarettes took over their lives ?
When the big family get out of the plane , they realize that they were wearing too much clothes , it was boiling ! !
It wo n't have a swimming pool but it will have a barbecue .
Sharing among teachers could be encouraged to understand the learning of NCS .
Air pollution is the most serious problem among all other kinds of pollution nowadays .
These people can be deemed as the best teacher in our life , even if these people perhaps are not our parents .
Moreover English is already a universal language used by many people to communicate or negotiating within the business market .
From a logistical perspective , public transportation should be convenient for commuters .
I have always tried to live for the future and not fret about the past .
We would like to discuss with you the duration of each course unit .
The reason is the next , three days ago , he was working when a girl of his job asked him whether he had girlfriend and he told , I had one , come on you know my ex - girlfriend then she only walked without tell nothing .
Valencia , has different areas to go out in the evening , but some of them required the passport , so if you are younger than 18 it would be difficult to enter .
Around a year ago , a video was made by Brazilian radio .
On the contrary , We need more public traffice to improve our traffic system and find the better way to maintain the environment .
Moreover also simple things are changed , for example the food we eat : some times ago everythingh was natural , healthy ... but now everyone eat always " junk food " and thinghs like that , which are completely unhealthy !
Unlike chess or bridge , football makes you leap , run , kick .
I can show you around the place and tell a bit more about the city .
He will be able to give you all the required support and to cooperate with all the members of the staff .
As I mentioned before , are both the acting and the storyline really impressive .
Because of their fame , they also give employment to other people like paparazzi , journalists .
I ca n't wait to back home and tell you more about the trip .
The couple nooded and showed the ID of the man from the other city .
the last member is me , I 'm Aeronautical engineer in Qatar .
What is more , they do not the same things as their parents did .
Unfortunately , our holiday did not live up to the claims made by you .
When it comes to my sleeping , I only have four to five hours in a day .
In my opinion it is so really exciting because you are constantly thinking where the girls are or who can be the kidnaper .
when I was ten years old really I like to play football too much . I have joined football - teams which is near to my home , I prefer to this team because of my family is not reach , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go exercises stadium .
The stars playing this game add to the already amassed recognition of the sport .
I used to find a kung - fu sensei to teach me .
We were going to gdańsk to seeing new statium that was built for UEFA European Championship .
It is the capital city of turkey and it takes a large area on the some there are a lot of people where living in Istanbul .
This button is called " find me and come to me " .
It could seem to point towards public transport , nevertheless it will push car travelling even further .
With my parents I argue about school , how I use my mobile phone , how I speak with them ..
In the end my friends and I jumped into the sea .
I am very glad to hear that you will come to my country .
In fact , I feel they are the most important people in my life !
In case you do not have time to help with that kind of activities there is a rule you must follow .
In the 19th century , slavery had been eradicated from America , but soon another problem originated and took its place .
Also I feel that I can be a positive incorporation in the Summer Camps .
You can use it to learn any language or take courses in any field from your home during weeks or months as you can , which named self - study .
a different color trash bags were distributed to citizens to be used at home to separate the trash according to each material .
I really appreciate it if you could give me a piece of advice about what course should I take .
I would like to hear the point of vieuw of tourists to improve the hotel .
This Italian restaurant is in Monção and near the school .
It 's really nice that you are asking me about it .
You should go to the restaurants located in the harbour of Tarragona .
He is one of the players of basketball since he was an elementary student until now he 's on college .
Finally , we are obligatory to care about the environment , because it 's us duty .
Therefore , Taiwanese have to pay taxes by regulation and do not dare to evade taxes .
You were taking a photo of me and I suddenly fell in the sea !
This summer I am bringing a group of 12 to 14 year - old students to Athens and I am looking for suitable accommodation .
As it was quite early in the morning there was just silence everywhere .
He knew he had to do something in this moment because otherwise something bad may happen ...
At first , when the ski lift rose up to the station , I was terrified as I was suspended from the ground .
In my hurry , I forgot to collect a few critical documents .
Like the one I had in 1926 and all because of a parachute .
It ca n't believe that we keep in touch with our family and friends not only voice and message but also video call , now .
When I was 16 , I lived in Nicholson - PA - USA .
On the other hand , sometimes environmental problems can be a reason for societal one .
I pursued my life dream of higher education by searching the best universities in UK .
After watching this , I returned to my house hoping the man forgives the child .
Michael is an American guy , living in and studying in the Netherlands at the Leiden University .
He could n't believe it , but he could n't stop walking he had to get to church .
I sometimes play badminton with my brother , and I always win .
You can also find many shops with brand , expensive clothes from well - known world designers .
In my own car , I can relax with music and enjoy fresh air .
As far as television is concerned , well , being honest , I haven't been watching much TV for years .
The cast is excellent and the color in the photography is spectacular .
Jacob was absolutely furious when he saw what was going on outside his window .
Sundully happanned sonething , I need to work to play my studuies in the High school , so the life changes anyway , I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I should need to study in that moment it was more important for me .
As the production of cars is increased , it seems that the needs for public transportation is declined .
A good leader must form a society , show an example and provide better values for people .
There are many historical places in the Historical Peninsula such as mosques , churches and palaces .
I like all kinds of movies . Comedies always make me laugh and I like it .
The most important argument was that travelling by car is much more convenient .
Personally , people must dedicate most part of their time on things they should do for two important reasons .
Unfortunately Anne , her sister , has just taken the bike , so he 's forced to walk until the nearest supermarket .
These conditions fall into three broad categories : attitudinal , financial and logistical .
I always believe I can become an engineer and computer technician to invent more things since I was small .
As a fan supporting a team is just one part of the sport .
My teacher asked me to find some songs about rainbows and extracts from the books about children .
At 2 p.m. my mum decided to go to the hospital because I ca n't undestood nothing and I ca n't talked .
It becomes essential to create a spontaneous Plan B when Plan A did not work .
Everything will be working remotely , lightning , heating - probably there will be a possibility to programme everything by time , day , month and so on .
It is very good for the circulation , the running helps me to be in good shape .
In my view the best solution to all problems would be limitation of private transport in the centre but not absolute banning .
It 's pretty scary of all that happens in the book , all dead bodies and hurt people .
It is also a point that when you do n't execute what you wanted to during a gap year , you are in the same place when you were graduating school .
Uh yeah . I know you ' she said .
It is really interesting place and I think you 'll appreciate this .
They had to sew my finger but in the end everything went fine .
While walking , I paid all my attention to carrying the box .
There are plenty of sports . some can be practiced indoors , some outdoors and others in water .
Thus , the winter becomes colder , and the summer becomes hotter .
I do not know if there is filter for president candidates , I just know that the ballots are counted in states .
All was lost to dear Mike and he wandered the house anxiously .
At first , I could n't believe that I can do this .
Even though in some circumstances , such as life threatening and sexual abuse pregnancies , it could be the best thing to do .
What happens when we all just have to wear the same clothes ?
The aim of the site is to get together people interested in cars .
The best way to keep it is not be a famous person .
Also , there are different form to read , I mean , you can read a book or an ebook .
There 's no discussion which is my favourite restaurant in town , The Seaside . I will tell you why and also why it 's so appropriate for us , as a class to take our last farewell there .
' I think we 're being followed ' said Sara to me , as we pulled over the street .
For those who enter it will be an ' unforgettable ' experience .
That is why I consider my cat my faithful friend .
You just need a pair of running shoes and clothes appropriate for the weather .
On Saturday , I finished my puzzle but with five pieces missing but I was happy too .
Also , if you want to travel , you have to make money for that and then , travel .
The building was luxurious and covered by the most wonderful structures ever .
The restaurant has a rustic design and it has outdoor tables .
Although this place offers a very good service to eat , you can bring your own food .
It can be little bit difficult to find temporal job here , unless you got any connections with agency or local people .
As the 6th of September there is going to be the university entry test for Medicine , I will have to flight back to Italy for a couple days .
Why not?.Firstly , what 's for you education?,It 's very clear for me that education is to create the conditions to do your thinkings grow .
There is also a garden outdoor where we can spend a pleasant time together after lunch .
You will find that you will not only benefit from those in your normal life , but also in your job .
I 'm writing on behalf of Mrs Renata Barczak .
To summarize , because the development of public transport is more and more complete , the advantage of travelling by car was placed by public transport gradually , the future of the public transport is bright .
She thought that she could have done things different , but it was too late to change them .
If you travel to Guangzhou , you ca n't miss this series because this is a symbol of Guangzhou .
Since Television was first invented , it has influenced different aspects of people 's lives .
I think this job is perfect for me because I love children and sport .
To test the research 's hypothesis , self - administrated questionnaires were used on a total of 400 customers .
But one day she decided to take off for Australia to visit some relatives .
Then I decided to study engineering and becoming one the best engineers ever .
In addition , I can say that I 'm charmed by the main character who is developing throughout the whole film .
This is due to Lima in the beginning has not had a pant to desing its public road s and highways , and it only has been improvising to build their way without any criteria to transport its population .
For instance , 47% of the female respondents watch films on a big screen every week .
Finally , My apartment is very beautiful , and it has a lot advantages more than its disadvatages .
Moreover , our capacity fosr learning more lenguages seems to be really adequate unfourtunatelly while there are a lot of teenagers that are getting prepared really hard , there are others that are all the opposite .
It 's a third floor apartment right in the middle of the city .
Will our houses look so terrible in a 40 years ?
The salary or the income in Egypt does not match with this increase or this inflation .
Teachers can take up the role of the parents and giving them a knowledge about finances and the right way to handle it .
I am writing to apply for a job in a summer camp in the USA .
I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " which issued by the WATC " Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I have the cooperation with the Environment and Development the magazine which issued by Center for development work " Maan " , annd other web sites and news and media organizations .
Then they started to put and REWARD flowers were the boy died .
Since they are creatures like us have souls and feelings .
As a result , some sources of energy like nuclear power are used for our daily life .
I like to go shopping there with my best friends at the weekend .
This film is about a family that lives in a very big house .
Besides that , I use cohesion which I did n't use before this course .
He felt that a lot of places out there tend to make the experience too rush where you have to line up for an hour and finish eating in like 20 minutes before they kick you out .
With the development of globalization , there are varieties of impacts for different aspects of daily life .
University education is valuable in Australia , just like in Russia .
My grandmother is going to visit me in July so I would prefer suit you in August .
Then , we got out of our car and save Niall , after we were fighting with " Golem " and came back home .
For example , they collect plastic waste in yellow dustbin while , liquid and solid , degradable waste in red container .
Travelling by car can give you a certain status quo and make you feel more independent , besides the comfort and convenience .
When the weather is good enough close to the castle take place many kinds of parties and enterinments .
She was not dead , but in coma , in a hospital .
Sara was so amazed and hug here brother and grateful him .
I really like to eat sushi and other Asian food , like noodles .
To begin with , Public transports is not as comfortable as using our own vehicle , every day , about all in the morning , it is usually crowded , due to people than begin to work .
I 'm sorry it took me so long to reply .
It is clearly seen that there is still much room for survival for public transport .
The mom on the other hand decides to stay back and works hard to give her children a decent life .
I therefore feel justified in recommending that the campaign in shopping malls will be more effective for us .
In the following decades revolution and civil smote many of the Powers of Europe , and new nations were born .
Although using your own car is betten for moving around the city , public transport has shown to be a good way for travelling lost distances with a low cost and , depending on its quality , also low budget .
Next time I will be going on such a trip I need to make sure that I have a fully charged mobile with me .
As I am studying physical education , I have a lot of experiences of looking after children .
If you need any references , I can request them from the University Student Center and from my last employer . I am ready to start my work next week .
A few minutes later , they were together in a bar .
First of all , I am going to talk about adavantages and disadvantages for this topic .
During the winter the means of transport is efficient and not very expensive so the people can do n't use their car .
Peter tryed to stop them but it was impossible , so he tried to find somebody to separate them .
The main features of these bank notes are good quality and effort made by bank workers .
In a consumptive lifestyle we want more and more for ourselves , but not for other people , because it will require self - sacrifice .
They had never worried about money - all bills were paid by his trust found .
When I watched until the middle of the film , it is scary .
As a result , one team only finished half of the sentences .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a terrible mistake .
It is a perfect alternative to save time , money and energy for those who are not that willing to hit the mall .
First , the trend of environmentally friendly has grown since the shortage awareness of fuel , taking public transport can decrease the air pollution by car , and more governments had build the public transport system including subway , buses etc .
One of the downsides you are not able to get away from your bully .
But somebody has to go with me , because it would be boring with nobody .
Nowadays healthy way of life is very popular with most people all over the world .
Are you able to arrange activities and local transportation for us ?
I was sure that I had n't left the window open .
Even though it is a large campsite it feels small and cosy .
What 's more , in the middle of the biulding there is a small library where people used to buy the newest books and papers .
First off , I would take him to a long journey by car .
Would you be available to meet on Monday , June 02 .
It 's punchy , tense and , crucially , original .
In this way , you will do a hard - working exercise without realising it , as you will enjoy yourself at the same time .
This restaurant has to be the right choice for two reasons ; firstly it offers a traditional menu which will ensure to cover all different tastes .
In my opinion , very few people use movies for broadening the mind .
In fact I am administrative manager and I feel really proud of myself .
If I were you , I would start in Catalonia and I would catch a train which describes a wonderful route .
In conclusion , although human nature is likely to be a cause of crime , I hold the position that crime occur due to social media and poverty .
Have you ever been worried when you do n't have enough time to study in the day ?
This topic leads me to think of my brother 's child .
If you want to start this sport , find a friend that can teach you the basic movements and how to pass and shot
I am going to explain how to get to my place from the airport .
I love walking near the arbour of my city , so I can have a look to the beautiful sea ! when I walk I feel the clean wind and so I take long breaths .
This essay will examine some advantages and disadvantages of eating fast food .
I can seen much scenery in short times . I can buy goods along the road .
Therefore , in the future , I will keep improving those abilities and become a more oragniezed person .
This way you do not only gather plain data but also emotions from people .
Moreover , he is very well organised : he is able to manage several difficult tasks at the same time , coordinating resources effectively .
He was worry because his sister always wake up very late , about midday .
Secondly , we must be sure of what to assess and evaluate .
The range of techniques they use to strike the audience is colossal .
These girls could go to an outlet which is near to the art gallery .
Japan has a lot of good places for relaxing , but the best place is Mt .
This fact leads the teachers to be unsure of what they are doing .
Should you require further information , I will be happy to provide them .
I do n't trust in some members of my family and I have friends like brothers .
there are many sports and my favourite sport is badminton . I had liked it when i was young .
This essay will offer a couple of points about whether public transportation will still be around us or if it will disappear completely .
Perhaps the most interesting thing about the painting is the woman 's smile .
So after watching all my dramas , I had nothing to do .
Hundreds gather there , parking spaces are full , again facing longest queues in stores - how much unpleasant is souds , it is the reality of nowadays .
So , I did not buy new shoes that day , despite thatI was happy for getting rid of crowd and shops .
The population grows , with more business skyscrapers , residential houses and advanced transportations , at the cost of diminishing farmland , wetland as well as deforestation .
We know how to destroy hail clouds which can cause great damage to our crops .
I 'm sure that I will enjoy visiting all that famous castles and churches .
Monsteration was a very lively monster he always migrates to the north every Monday .
That , by chance , happen to be near my town .
I want to advise all students that start this sport for heath and to fore way for stress , Sports mean is not like to spell time and to loss calorie .
I definitely think that public transport will continue to be very important in the future .
She was his neighbour and they love each other from when they were young .
Only then did I realise that I was keen on playing .
I look around tribunes : there are n't so many people despite the fact that today an Australian Hurdle Champion of the season will be defined .
People do n't need to wait for public transport if they were driving their own cars .
That said , running is probably the easiest sport to practise .
I am free for the job from the 20 of May until the 15 of September .
There are a lot of places where you could work for a short period of time . Beeing a witress or something like this is well paid and not so dificult to do .
Until next summer I will still be in school but hopefully I will graduate so I can go to college afterwards .
I am only able to read simple worksheets and to make a brief presentation about me .
To tell you the truth , I like being alone very often .
It encourages people to plant more trees and cutting of them have been made a punishable offence .
I like spring and always wait for it and wait for summer holidays with impatience .
In addition , in the life - long consideration , health - care would be increasingly important with people getting older , hence enough amount of money as a stable income could not be disregard .
So we four were occupying the back seat uncomfortably .
This centre offer several activities like swimnpool , paddle , tennis , ritmica gym , judo , ballet ...
This question made the other group doubt a bit , they did agree that a company does n't just start making something to have something to do .
They had n't abandoned him neither had they distanced themselves from him .
You need to change the way you organize your thoughts in order to master it .
They have to learn the skills that a job involve and the only way to get this is practicing .
I totally do not agree with the statement that there is no future for public transportation because of car existences .
I am in 5th semester of Industrial Designer , and I have 500 points in my TOEFL .
It is surely a fact that autopilots in car 's sure are handy .
Moreover , from time to time they prefer to leave house without make up and beautiful clothes .
It also develops patience and self - control , and helps to control your fear .
For him , as one of the top sheld payed Players of european leagues , it is no big deal to buy a Mercedes Benz .
Another important reason is that I want to have somequiringe money for personal things .
You sounded really stressed in your last email and I am worried about it .
Traditional clothes : that kind of clothes can be expensive but if you want to live like in the past , you can put on that and you will have really fun although that clothes went out of style a lot of years ago .
What 's more , shopping is almost always unenjoyable .
He is 24 years old and he looks very similar to me .
When you will get to the highest tower , you will watch the most breathtaking view .
it is a beautiful place where people can go to spend an excellent time and enjoy the forest and lagoons .
Of course you can make a child lock on the TV but when you look hard enough for some you will find any .
Eating habit in my country really has changeged in the last ten years .
For example , never starts a match without a warm up because you can suffer serious muscular injury .
" She pointed at a man who was making a deal with another man .
Edison and his research team did his discovery comercialy and create a company called " Edison Electric Light Company " .
for example , I can watch many matches a day and I enjoy it when I watch famous players such Cristiano Ronaldo with Real Madrid and Messy with Barcelona .
And also , lets not forget that going out with friends from time to time wo n't hurt anyone .
The more knowledge we accumulate , the faster progress will come .
Hi , my name is Priscila and I just realized that I am a writer , too .
You need to understand this . I 'll pay alimony and help you with the kid , but I can not lose Susan " .
To make bank notes , the first step is to properly design it .
Hi my name is Leon Johnson , I am 13 years and I live in Stocksund Sweden .
Moreover , I had also participated in the Standard Chartered Hong Kong English Public Speaking Contest on 2015 .
Besides , in the shopping centres there 's a loud energetic music played all the time and a crowd of people , so we get home with a huge headache .
I 'm not dismissing the idea of financial aid , though .
They felt really happy together , and Molly asked Tom for a date .
We were waiting patiently , finally the ambulance arrived and take him into the hospital immediately .
He told us that he was really embarrassed about what had happened and he apologysed for her attitude
For instance , a friend of mine called Freddy was in a social club in the city , he was requested to do a running around the pool for 30 minutes .
Here we found some very expert guides who takes us in a good touring along the park and the harbor reserve .
I was so excited about going to London and seeing you again .
Pets and animals in general need fresh air and exercize outside and not being always in an apartment .
It 's not smart to encourage people doing what exceed their ability .
Allison was the girl who joined the group together : all of the girls liked her and she was always the centre of attention .
For an example I learned about the organization , how control big groups of children , and entertaining activities for children .
In this adaptation , the screenwriter makes some substantial alterations to the novel .
They could give a good life to their families and have a dog also called Winy , and all this thanks to the rich man that nobody knew .
I mean what if he tames me like a fox ?
My favourite sport is football . I love football because it involve two team .
Secondly , the storyline was unpredictable and really clever and for that really enjoyable .
If you have any questions , feel free to email me .
The book is called " Living Through a Natural Disaster " written by Eve Recht .
I really think it is a great school with very kind teachers and students .
I enjoyed playing basketball not only because I wanted to play a sport but even because it 's a healthy way of leaving .
There is no need to sit with strangers who may cause in an awkward situation .
I hope you can take down photos of being abused the cat and you can really reflect . Do n't repeat the same mistakes .
If they want to use it they should try to focus on getting important information which is benefial in improving their knowledge skills .
As it turned out later , to Anna 's surprise , it was her boyfriend dressed as Presley .
Her mom would probably want her to start to live no matter what .
We are the opinion that you should not offer things which are in fact not available .
There is the risk that you would not get the connecting bus and so you are stressed .
At this time , the idea of potions might seem unrealistic and silly but by reading this and the events the potion conjures creates magic .
I live in the Netherlands and at our school it 's the same .
This first reason is all actors shown their talent in this film directly and audience can follow their steps and the story certainly , this essential element which also makes a big success to the film .
In fact , I really enjoy it when I play soccer for many reasons .
-Danish and European historic documents and previous research about the Euro ;
I think it 's the best sport to watch in the whole world .
It was an unforgettable moment , I was looking at her slightly excited because she was eating alone without help and fast , which was and still is unusual coming from her .
From booking a flight to videocall a distant friend , anything seems very handy nowadays .
All children get a lot of positive emotions spending time together and learning how to be tolerant .
The subway reaches most part of the London , and people can travel many places .
Kunta was sold to slave master in South America .
My favourite sport is football , it is a complete sport , there are aggression , mentality and fun .
And sometimes maybe you do not want to hear what are people speaking about in foreign language .
Although an entire town or city contributes to saving energy in their homes , it can not be compared with the waste of energy that industries make .
Speaking about sport I ca n't help saying about football , because this is very spectacular kind of sports .
Also for this reason , I have chosen to spend this period in a family .
Michael closed the door and he knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The plot revolves around an FBI squad who face , in a game of cat and mouse , a team compounded of the best four illusionists .
We must get out of the stress quickly before lose ourself because it 's very hurtful period , for example you can read a book , doing sport , play music , eating delicious food , remmeber all the positive thing was took place with you , talk about someone who trust for him , take off every thing make you upset and make you life tiring , go out and eat meal with your best joking friends , and there a lot of you have to do ...
He said that if Nick makes a house of two floors he would buy it and pay the studies of the children lifelong , which gave a reverse to the impossible
So , I think that both hobbies has their advantages and disadvantages .
I think since this idea is creative people will like to watch it .
Last year I did some graphic designs for the website of a society called SHIPinSPACE .
The main reason is general fatigue from the huge number of vehicles around .
One of the main advantages is the time that can be saved by using a computer .
Everything is made of blocks and you can build and play with friends .
They enjoy turning the pages and reading the headlines using their eyeglasses .
In addition , it is hard to collect money from KA system .
The study tried to explain people 's reaction to different resources .
Cannonballs were rolled around to make sound of thunder .
Your muscles will be strong and you 'll be able to fulfil any difficult job .
As we know , this type of event ca n't take place without food .
The biggest benefit of trekking is that you can enjoy fantastic view from the summit of mountains .
finally , in the near future most peoples will be using their own car , because it saves much time as comparing with public transport and time factor will be more expensive in the future .
The scientist gave him " the great , furry waffle " and a bunch of syrup .
The subject , no future for public transport is ambiguous as the advantages and disadvantages are both consider on .
As I live in Milan , I hope you will answer soon , so if I have a positive feedback , I 'll have enough time to book the flight ticket .
Peter 's head jerked around as the first signs of his crime came to light .
There are certain people who believe community service orders are more adequate in some cases .
I personally think that the film transmit an interesting view of the psychiatric illnesses and the importance of the family in this type of problems .
Peter brought her favourite chocolate and Kate made a special birthday card with a poem .
During these two years I was responsible for the organisation and booking of bands .
For the finish , I think that the transport most use in the cities in the future will be the bus , metro and bike and for travelling enter cities the car will remain the most used .
Secondly , it is likely that nowadays people focus more on appearance , so luxurious and elegant wedding is an occasion for them to show off .
I was going to spend the next 6 months in the United States which actually teriffied me .
We have no idea of how much damage factories causes to the rivers and seas .
I would be a tad oblivious thinking vehicle ownership is granted beforehand when younger .
There are't many guidebooks about my city so I will recommend you a place worth seeing .
And then you always wonder what would have happened if you had chosen the alternative .
Technology was not as advanced as it is now , so the amount of waste was small .
Unfortunately , many people are damaged , not only physical but mentally and the worst is that violence destroys families and also involves their sons in the hell it causes .
Another team used the words to make sentences that are unrelated to the story .
On the other hand , the greatness of science goes together with its disadvantages .
This humble and famous man is called Kinta Kenneth .
At my age is very important to keep fit so I ride twice a week .
It was a hot summer day , everyone was walking to their usual destination ; work , school , buy some groceries , pick up the laundry or their clothes at the cleanners , everyone except Peter .
Much girls are losing too much weight right then because they want to be ' perfect ' and got anorexia and those things .
We were going to see what happened , and we had something to see .
Especially some people do n't have a car and some elderly persons difficult to driving a car by themselves , so the public transport helpeing them a lot .
You need to invest your time and energy in it so as to achieve results .
I will committed myself to do the best to make your summer camp one of the best
It will be very good to us , to the animals and to all the plants .
While all girls was hearding to Alison , Juan appeared as a gosh .
I think I am suitable for this position because I am hardworking and energetic .
The last film I saw was called " No Escape " .
I believe many of us do not have a faintest idea about this sport .
It is really realistic too , because we all want to save our time and wishes for a happy journey time .
I learned a lot of new words during the presentations , which I used in my free writing .
So , I believe that there is no future for public transport .
The most effecnive way is to practise every lesson for ten minutes at the beginning and end .
When she had arrived her office she had a phone call from the hospital .
But in the same way as cars development , our governments might have to make some progress on public transport to encourage citizens to be more eco - friendly .
Finally you enjoy the museum with all the family and you can invite some people from other city or other country .
To conclude , global warming is serious concern which can not be ignored any longer .
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs . '
It was summer holidays and Michael 's family was in the airport waiting impatiently their flight to Mexico .
On her left hand there was a large steaming cup of coffee that landed on Michael 's new shirt when he bumpped into her .
His father saves him of a fight but he died and Symba is sad .
It will also mean not having access to the Internet for a month !
And I used the English 'cause it would be more spoiled in Farsi .
I think it 'll be perfect place where you can spend some free time .
I 'm very sorry that I haven't replied earlier , but I had hard time at university .
I am writing in response to your advertisement which I was published in the local newspaper .
The first she saw was a perfectly packed suitcase near her bed .
I love to listen him talking - I love his voice .
They can have better position , work for foreign company , communicate with foreign companies etc .
In fact , it ccan help them to speak with their friends more easily .
I managed to keep calm though there was thunder inside my heart .
Consequently , I have seen the need to attend to their needs .
Also travelling , of course , that 's a big part of the function of the car !
, later I took my degree in Modern Foreign Languages and Literatures , starting my to and from England to improve my skills .
The difference in work meetings between the British and France are that the British want to make decisions and the France way more like a debate , as is written in a guide for Franco - British business relationships .
He made her feel bad so why would she do n't do the same ?
Are young people less healthy than they were years ago ?
People are young or old , rich or poor , go through stages of ups and downs in their lives .
I do n't like to read but I like music , good music .
I had never felt so nervous before in my life ... !
I had never felt so nervous before in my life ... !
I do n't mind that everyone complains about how awful running is .
It has been affecting to the environment like climate change , increasing droughts , and flooding areas thanks to increasing the demands of using petrol for private cars .
For example , the first one 3 dimensional movie , Avatar , the movie maker spend a lot of energy and time on developing the novel movie genre .
In the evenings we played special games which we usually had not played before yet .
It is evident that independent speaking and thinking skills are valuable for your career .
This movie can be considered a classical thriller , but with several aspects that makes it unique in this gender .
There are some that do not need too much forces and strengths , such as Thai chi and others that need more like Karate , Judo , and so .
If you found them , could you send them to my office by post ?
Tears flowed down her cheeks , she could not run any longer .
Lastly , public transportation make you sure to arrive on time .
another factor we should consider is the public transport stops on the way to destination which require to plan and catch up public transport to avoid late arrival at your destination .
It would be interesting to accompain your best friend or your beloved to enjoy your time .
Okay , so I 'm going to talk about One Direction .
People will continue suffering the dangerous floods and there is no end after many years unless the government take an effective action to stop flooding .
I went to swim like 4 hours a week and it was amazing because I improve a lot and right now I 'm one of the best .
This got me thinking , how do adults influence the behaviour of youngsters ?
This affirmation is based in the fact of the increase of literacy and development of verbal intelligence that people get when they exercise the brain reading books .
Finally , in my opinion computers is very useful to all of us .
I usually travel by public transport and it is the half of the cost than if I do it by car .
I am available for an interview every day from 3 to 7 p.m.
If we look around us , we can see a lot of facilities .
I walked out to the kitchen and saw my mother cooking breakfast for me .
So , the public transport is playing an important role in our daily life , It shows an indispensable effects on the society work .
Their bus was about to reach their destination next morning so Michael offered her to drop at home and the girl agreed with a smile .
You need butter , flour , sugar , eggs , vanilla and chocolate .
I remember there were kilometres and kilometres of cycle line , on the contrary than here in Spain , where few cities like Madrid or Barcelona , strengthen their use .
So , in the future we will dispense of types of transportation .
Meanwhile , Australian parents also care about their children but other way with Vietnamese parents .
If you are going to begin playing football you need footballs shoes you also need protections for the legs .
The first 2 years all was perfect until the day number 734 .
Do not hesitate to go out and try it out !
The play becomes tremendously thrilling until the couple 's death .
Why do they not move , even if their prey is near ?
Moreover , they feel they have to make the most of their time to become a university graduate and get a life in what they really love .
You can walk through the same streets and enter in the same shops the romans entered some centuries ago !
However , the young I soon discovered that some dimensions of difference do carry social significance .
Dream walked towards me and said do you know how to satisfy a lady .
I have chosen two most popular places to have a good time in my town .
Moreover , the whole story happens in the 20th century during a trip that Leo does and calls it the best century of his life .
The truth was he had been expecting a promotion in a nearby future just not in this precise week .
The round table in St. Petersburg State University has attracted quite a large audience .
They live in tents that do not protect them of cold weather or dangerous insects .
It is not easy to adapt a new learning environment , the language is the biggest difficulty .
My research interests have both shaped and been shaped by my recent teaching experiences .
There are only limited numbers of government buses on the road and their frequency are not good so they get overcrowded .
I 'm very busy with my new job and with the kids .
I do n't want to study but there is no way out .
In this area there are a lo of clothes shops and supermarkets , but here are n't sports shops .
So now the most important factor is that mobile nets are reaching the remotest areas in the world .
Firstly , if you want to climb you will need , at least , a partner .
No matter what year , its lowest level always in Jan - Mar .
I will make my own path , though it will be difficult for me .
So , I can only have cup noodle for those nights when I leave school at 8:00 p.m.
Studies have shown that your self esteem and feelings of protection increase when you are a car driver .
They are always ready to help me , they never let me down .
My family and I got a great feeling as we landed in London .
The leaves turn beautiful tones of yellow , orange , and red .
But they also where the ones that first discovered Greenland , North America and Asia .
The good things about not allow cars in the cities centres are that the traffic will be reduced , the trips will be faster and the contamination will be less .
It was demonstrated that garlic has a compound that can make the blood " thinner " .
I hope this report informed you fully on the environmental situation in our villge .
I believe I am suitable for the job as I am very enthusiastic and energetic .
Still , young people do not have much spare time .
There is no accounting for tastes and I can not answer for everyone .
I like trying dishes from all over the world and I am keen on cooking experimenting new exotic cuisine .
Morocco is a kingdoom , like Spain and England , We have king and princes .
I think that on balance it is more important to try to get satisfaction .
The skyscraper provides more space for excess population ; however , the building will produces more pollution when the skyscraper constructs by modern materials , such as steel and concrete .
For example , taking the train form Taipei , the city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the newyear just costs half an hours in contrast nearly two hours awing to the car congestion in the highway .
The rationale for the College are : to educate the student about our culture , ritual , values and out ways of life in the village .
Look at me , he said , I 'm free .
They also have families , they also sleeps , have friends , and that 's normal . We can look at them like aliens .
It is my responsibility to help others being bullied and to report bullying .
Given upon my personal experiences , by taking care pets , children not only can learn to take responsibility , but also can learn to sympathize with others .
In conclusion , Madrid offers a lot of alternatives to take care of the environment .
Definitely , the public transportation does n't have any future .
I strongly recommend young people to choose sports in which you can take part of a team .
In this report I am going to talk about how in my town take care of the environment .
With the advance of electronic products , information has become even easier to spread .
There is immense group of girls who really want to be a model , caused by the fact that they do n't fit in this clothing yet they have to lose weight .
I am afraid that Occupying Central would lead to chaos that similar to Tunisian Revolution .
This has resulted in only the very in - need people using public transport , and the vast majority of people still use their personal automovile , with the incovemiences and safety being an excuse .
This diagram is used to illustrate the process of how to making bank notes , covering seven main stages .
After a few hours we are so tired , that we do not have power to do anything else .
But we should not forget , that these options do not alloy the environment .
As mentioned , Hong Kong is a special administrative region of China , those systems and laws are different from Mainland China .
I love to teach because I love to learn and love to share my knowledge with others .
A 15-year - old boy , the papers said .
Top of all , one has to learn to maintain the sportsmanship , irrespective of the result or heated moments on the field .
to my " carer horse " , it 's like your own horse for a day ( or more ) in the week and mine is Saturdays .
Needless to say that sport plays a very important role in our life .
Discover the main representative museum there , the olive museum where you are able to look at its history in each of their corners , besides tasting its exquisit oil .
My mother always told me that my dad had never time for her and my siblings .
When he took a few steps from the bus he saw a very tall building that the interview places located .
" Hello , is someone there ? " , Michael asked .
At school , at home they have to cope with lots of problems and try to solve them .
Anna was very happy and excited and thanked her parents heartily for this birthday party .
The participants answered many questions and heard out comments from the audience .
My first though was : " God , let her live her life !
MEASURES IN FAVOUR OF TAKING CARE THE ENVIRONMENT
I trained weeks for this , I took extra singing and acting classes .
It is certainly true that people who play are almost certain to lose money .
I would like to play a World Cup game and I also want to win champions league .
I say to people that want tay this sport that it ' s easy if you love it .
Good teaching skills are based on patience , training and passion .
Is it true that there is no future for public transport .
It 's such a long time since we talked last time .
I am writing with reference to my stay in your hotel last week .
I was surprised when I realized I was talking too much .
Being normal gets old and not being a wizard is shabby .
If you want to have fun you may go to parque de la Costa there are many interesting rolercoasters .
In general , shops are condensed in a specific zone so that tourists can find what they are interested in very easily .
At that time , males had to work while the female were forced to stay at home and do all the household chores .
Just a few years ago we started to use a special road line .
I miss my big house but I do n't miss the guns .
This would help the teenagers who drink soft beverage decrease sugar intake efficiently .
I decided to cut an exercise in order to let the students continue their discussions .
After all , it is the place we all live in .
Speaking different languages helps me to communicate with people in any country without problems .
Education and technology are deeply related , to a certain extent in that education has suffered a series of changes throughout the past 20 years .
Mari Paz Sanabria Montez .
The day of the finals I was so nervous , but determined .
Nevertheless , you learn a lot of things about any sport once you start doing it .
My English is great level and speaking is my favourite part of learning English .
We need external help to find out how to cope with both societal and environment problems .
I would be able to attend an interview at any time which is convenient to you .
However to see any improvements you should attend regularly and at least twice a week .
That is , in any place suddenly you can find someone who could become in your most close relative .
Through this comparison the author wants to mark that the pagan spring festival may look like celebration of christian beliefs , but it is not .
Last week , I joined the C&A meeting as one of the major speakers .
That is why music is very import thing about this festival .
In addition to the convenience of public transport , the fare is much cheaper compare of driving a car .
The second problem was based on essential role of getting a feedback .
She looked like happy and she was looking forward to finishing the class to tell her friend what had happened .
In my spare time I like reading English books and going to the shopping with my mother .
I believe that it is true because the people are more concerned about their privacy and time taken to travel by the public transport .
My favourite place in the town is Estensi gardens , where I go to walk with my friends during the afternoon .
There are also numerous complaints in regards to the quality of the food offered in the canteen .
One way to reduce those negative consequences is to foster the use of public transport .
First of all , I would like to talk about Extremadura .
Only the brand and the good marketing makes it that expensive , not better quality or better taste .
I started when I was seven years old in my first class .
The Club is located in the city centre and it 's very clean .
I was told that I was a natural player when I was young .
Nowadays , the building has been become a luxury mall with the most expensive brand clothes .
In conclusion , in these three premises I consider that technology and science is important rather than art and music .
I ca n't describe it , you have to do it !
Michael closed the door and kew at that moment he had made a mistake because he lost his house .
What is more , people are encouraged to collect rain water to use in these activities .
There is a nice old chateau and a lot of animals , which are from the whole world .
With a great effort sate down on the grass , he feels tired , and has a little sensation of pain in his boson , site there with many sounds on air , he star recall ... his face is changing is dark , he has now a clear image of all , when opened the door of the house his girlfriend is there dying on the floor , Michael remember all , the fight , the lays , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I was sitting calmly ina cafe , when I heard it ringing .
If you 're willing to take the chance ... the view from the other side is spectacular .
I keep my brain cool and try to overcome the situation by thinking one day I will prove myself . I know who I am and what I 'm doing .
I 'm a big fan of science fiction movies , however this kind of movies is actually sometimes a little bad , but in the last weeks a new one has been released , and I was absolutely surprised about this one .
I personally think , without magic , this book will not be as popular or engaging .
After a while , I 'd seen a picture on his facebook page .
This leads us to a conclusion that the process of bank notes creation is secure as well as simple .
Everything in this movie , Henri , is so simple and startling , but in the same time is hard to describe .
If we watch how society is going nowadays , we notice some aspects that let us think about human condition .
I believe that if you are looking for an interesting thriller , this thriller is the correct one .
Finally their relationship broke up and Michael fell in his illness deeper than ever .
Also it helps you to release the daily stress and is a good motivator .
Influenced by it I started to look for universities in Scandinavia .
It was a lot of fun mainly because it was just us two .
At the moment , all governments around the world argue about climate change .
I have played this sport for twelve years ago this sport has taught me to respect the other not assault to him.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is I do n't want to be weak I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule Strong dominated the weak.when I put my feet in the gym i forget everything shcool , home ... therefore I enjoy it .
Some enterprises require experienced employers and if young people have it , they will be more likely to be recruited in the workplace .
Every child wishes to have young parents , but is it really better ?
Vienna contains a lot of great shopping areas , that is why I am going to speacialse on the three most popular places .
When it comes to their jobs , people work on earth , like oldtimes .
It is well accepted that shopping is not always enjoyable , and following is my reasons .
hello John good days and what we need to , do this delicious cake is : eggs , flour , yeast , sugar , and flavor of the cake that we want such as chocolate , vanilla , fruit
Snugly Micheal heard steps coming towards to him .
I have them because I have paid for them , not for other particular reason .
During this period I have shared a room with two Finnish girls in a foster family .
Most illiterate people choose their proficiency as public transportations like , bus service , cab service , auto service .... etc , in order to full fill their basic needs .
This graph shows people from India Pakistan and West Indies entered the UK , from 1940 to 1970 .
Many students today like to study abroad to get high level of life to get their life job and experience a new way of life .
In my opinion in a decade we will be living in these homes , I ca n't wait to live it
I think , I can agree with the opinion , that shopping is not always enjoyable .
If you come , I promise you 'll never forget it !
The restaurant location is in the street Isabela Católica number 30 , suburb Centro Historico in Mexico City .
In the other hand , I like swimming a lot and I had been playing tennis in a local team three years ago .
Lastly I hope next year will bring some stability .
The people is very kind and funny , and is a very cheap city .
It has been such a long time since we wrote to each other .
When we saw me in front of him , he immediately invited me to dinner with him .
Then you spend more time in the shop and you will be more tired .
on the Otherhand , eldest people in our city having many socity responsiblties that are encourging the youngest ages to participate in the annual gardening festival , for the indoor and outdoor gardens .
It 's really expensive sollution , but we must do that for
This 's a sport that improve your friendships and it 's so good for your health .
As a result of These Action , it is an uncertain way to go for the Clubs .
Everyone wants a particular objects and individual life , as an egoistic human being ; however the realm world hasn't capacity to support these ideas .
It 's appealing and full of this eerie spirit of the past .
That is what I said that the best improvement things still not exist , even the computer system already solved some problems .
Finally Peter ran to the car and went to pick Jon up .
Taking a gap - year before starting a university is a lifetime opportunity for lots of people .
Is convenient take a year off between leaving school and starting the university ?
The clock is very big and we stood there a long time .
He tried to kill me after killing lots of other people . '
I am also interested in different kinds of food and different cuisines .
I will start with old transport , if we did n't make any maintenance this type will be damaged and lose it .
As I said before , I sometimes play tennis in order to relax .
I play usually three times a week and I had a tournament last weekend .
And his drama Boris Godunov is certainly inspired by Macbeth .
Depending on your personal interests you should head for different quarters of Leonberg .
Another big problem is that military service is dangerous and has a risk .
But there 's a differenc between eating a good meal , and eating by the way .
IT 'S BEEN SO A LONG TIME SINCE WE WROTE TO EACH OTHER .
I am creative and convincing and I can easily communicate with other people .
People should be familiarized with the environmental , social and personal benefits for present and future generations .
The environment impact is an important factor we should consider , having this number of cars like having thousands of factories in our streets giving us tans of CO2 gas and many other pollution gases.the speed new train or plans or even buses now competing withe car 's speed and even more fast than it in a lot of places .
To survive the astronauts had to get to the International Space Station which was very far away from them .
That all I can say . I love football very much
It may be expensive to use for some individuals and crowded during rush hours .
Thomas , David and I were neighbours and grew up in an ordinary calm village .
When we were schoolgerls we used to spend all our free time together .
On the one hand , there are buses that connect the several neighbourhoods of the cities with the centre of them .
In the terms of making bank notes , the picture below demonstrate the process of making it .
Finally we will discover a fantastic ending that we would never imagine through the movie watching .
However , the teacher persuaded me to try to play the piano .
I have seen your advertisement and I am more than delighted to take part in a summer camp as an assistant .
If you want you can buy a lot of things there .
There are a lot of old programmes , but it is n't a problem .
Another handy rule has been decided which is the plastic and the glasses need to be thrown in different bins that are available for the public udsage in each supermarket center , in these people can find these bins in easy destinations available everywhere .
I studied in an English school and learning English since I was a child , my teachers were all natives and I practised my English with them always .
First of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado closer to Federal University of São Carlos , but sometimes , the area will be used to construct a new building of University .
All the rubbish is taken to the huge dump a few kilometres off the city .
He asked Jessica to come with her , but she did n't agree because before marrying him she would try to see if their love could hold out against everything , also the distance .
Working as an intern at an information technology company or as a teacher assistant would provide me with a good example of how the market work for both academic and work careers .
Famous people definitely deserved to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
In my opinion , the real problem of this potentially useful tool is due to the fact that television is essentially a passive means of communication .
But when I want to relax I 'd rather watch TV with my friends than loiter away time sitting alone in front of the computer !
The price of the food is very cheap , takin into account the quality .
With both sides benefiting , the future of public transport will be safe .
I like the Indian resturants in the city , in addition infrastructure and roads are well orgnaise .
It is a good place for everyone who wants to get some Polish literature .
Imagine working all summer and then only being able to play three games !
You do not need to get any special training when you start to run , you know it since you are a child .
Because it 's not feel free to talk anything outside because the people at the next table might hear what you are talking about .
My favourite sport is swimming because as soon as start this sport you feel better .
We can find music programs which are wonderful for people who love listening to music and dancing .
I also have a little rabbit which is named Frippe , he is so cute and cuddly .
I spend quite time thinking and when I decided go to the police I passed in front of the orange sign and finally I found my car .
Moreover , in the task with distraction , experienced group was 1/3 - 1/2 faster in analyzing .
In Prague is many good shops with clothes , souvenirs and many good things to buy .
Therefore , water scarcity may pose a threat to people 's living standards .
The important thing is that you are gaining skills that you can apply for your future career .
to illustrate , when we use the renewable energy we reduce emissions so , our natural resources will be conserved for our future furthermore sons future .
I began studying when I came to Saudi Arabia in third grade .
As in all educational processes , assessment of the programme planning must take place .
It was a fantastic trip and I hope to do similar trips like this !
I 'm writing to tell you about my experience I gained during preparations for the last concert .
I do love the city , and I hope you also like it .
But they needed to make the boat even more resistant and rigid so it will support all the family and all the extra food they will need .
Moreover , I will not have trouble taking care of children -I will be a great companion for them .
A representative to make an investigation so that town takes care of the environment .
They love me just because I am me , for who I am .
Nevertheless , what those people have claimed is a digression from the topic here .
I would say that this is because the public transport are not so efficient as the should do .
I would love to answer any question you could ask through this email , qq@gmail.com , and this mobile phone number , 666666666 . I would be delighted to attend an interview whenever you see fit .
What I 'm doing is challenging the way we approach to it .
I think it could be a good idea to try the restaurant " The old clock " .
We are , therefore , in a situation in many countries today where to be highly mobile is something
Public transportation once used to be a convenient and inexpensive way to transport oneself in the city .
" Hi " , he groaned drumming his fingers .
My name is Abrar saeed Al - mubarak .
In particular the Piano is a universal tool that is used by many musicians as a primary controller of the rhythm of the Orchestra .
I have read an article on IFLS talks about a sheep has human face .
He had a great background in gymnastics and , sice he was a teenage , he used to do a lot of exercises .
Another good point of shopiing is fact , that it could be relaxing for some people .
It has a big mall that has been recently opened up , and it contains everything the visitors might need .
Nobody gets lost anymore , nobody discovers something on his own .
We 're moving to Zürich because of my husbands ' job in the new opening hotel Kirchgasse , right in the corner from the apartment .
I prefer comedy and romance , but I like triller and drama too .
First of all , oil should be overcome as a source of energy .
When I am there I can relax and I try do not think about my problem and my work .
I hope you will describe your impressions about the city after visiting it .
first you must explode the old one and clean up the mess of the exploding , second , paint the wall by yourself with a black color until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use the wallpaper it 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall , the third step is " of course " you 'll go to buy the furniture from Damietta , here is some tips you can take it , if you are a single ! then you can buy a big purple cozy sofa with many colorful pillows to throw it out all over the place , but if you are a married !
Do you know any languages school?They're very expensive so I will need more money .
So , my favourite sport in the present time it is street workout . I have been exercising this sport already long time .
The female respondents are more fond of reading books that the male ones .
My tea was brought out with teapot and a small hourglass timer where I am supposed to wait 3 minutes before I should pour the tea .
In his letter he says that one shot from the film is the best picture he has ever made .
By contrast If you are more lickely to save money , the best option in the street market .
The fairies ' magic is built by the contrast of the lives of the fairies and " mortals " .
I do not think , it 's easy to do research in India .
This behaviour causes a moral hangover and a spiral of credit .
Firstly we ought to consider that friendship is not uniquely a human emotion .
As far as I can see , it 's important to know languages no just your mother language .
I am writing in order to apply for the position of summer camp assistant .
Peter studeded and prepared himself for this day for a very long time , because finally his mother will see him after four year separate .
For languages , Chinese and English are the main languages which using in Hong Kong .
The most historical place in Spain , it is the city of Cáceres .
Email : Yj5kk@fayoum.edu.eg
We had organized some additional exercises , such as English movies night , a one day trip to London , and a book discussion about English writers and poets .
Although I still have not passed the FCE exam I am currently working hard to fulfil the goal very soon .
In general the facilities are well preserved but the majority of the users think that the installation should have an improvement in the baskteball and tennis courts maybe the bathroom should be remodelled .
So , I 've tried to translate your French on Google translator and I 've could n't understand what you mean about my English and Google translator . I 'm used to write English and I have an intermediate level .
I can travel at any time being restricted to specific times , as well as l can rest at any cafe to drink my favorite coffee .
I 've been working with children of all ages for eight years .
I am looking forward to hearing from you in a few days .
He saw his wife but said no words to her and continued hi way .
That is why I mention that my father never got the toy when he was a child .
They were simple yet profound , relying on the comprehensible philosophies of forgiveness and karma .
I hope you do n't think that sharing these thoughts with you makes you my new best buddie .
In the first place I tell you who are the most important people in my life .
These complications were primarily caused by pollution in the underground water which was previously unknown .
I would like to give some advice to the people who want to start walking : Take your time , do not want to walk ten kilometers the first day , try first short walks and every day increase the distance .
Until sixth grade , I thought I was " normal " , but then all changed ..
For instance San Francisco it is a great example for incredible city , the variety of choices in the public transport it is remarkable .
She had always wanted to be with him but he had closed the door for her .
When we watch and listen to music we can learn foreign languages as well .
I have seen your English courses in the internet and suddenly I thought , that 's it what I need !
Last month I helped at Adele 's concert at the Royal Albert Hall .
But at the same time advertising has many features in common with art .
Now things have changed : parents work full time and do not take up a lot of their children who are more and more alone and uncontrolled .
To be considered well educated , people should graduate from a college .
On the 25th of December 1991 Gorbachov has officially resigned .
Last but not least , what is the definition of " success " ?
Also my uncle , aunt , grandfather and cousins went with us .
It have been a great succes and is one of the best games in the world .
First of all , researchers should be interested in what they are doing .
You can play with your friends or in a team even alone but this option is the most boring .
But on the other hand I have to get used to go to the cinema as often as I can , but I wish cinema will be cheap .
Nowadays , students can work with computers at school and most of them have one at home .
He was the Khan of Kalat from 1741 to 1795 .
My dad has a new family and it seems he is fine too .
Japan lost a lot , but it was able to get back up on its feet .
I did not imagine that it would be that similar to roller skating .
From the table of data , the most significant items are as follows .
Team sports are very important and they include a lot of kinds .
Finally , if you get Reading habit you 're going to organize better your ideas and you may feel more energetic , if you do n't believe me , just try it .
They announced that the Big One earthquake would occur that afternoon at 7:00 PM approximately , so they alerted that people had to leave the city or go to save places in the few hours .
Our town takes care of the enviremont of our neighbourhood very seriously .
I am 12 years old and I was born on September , 12 2003 .
In my town for example , I have been Waiting for up to forty minutes before I could take a bus .
After two weeks the food processor had still not arrived .
People today are interested in learning about the surrounding world , about new civilizations and distant planets .
Three times a week I played , then I went more often .
In a word , the government may appeal in some way , that we should protect the earth rather than only facus on personal profit .
Similarly , the high level of uncertainly avoidance and the low level of indulgence ( Hofstede 1994 ) cause the Japanese society seems to be obedient and self - disciplined .
My favorite style is the butterfly and I always pratice this style because I want to improve .
The support act was a rather unknown band but they were really good .
Meals were very good and also in the morning I ate English breakfast or eggs and bread because I wanted to change my routine while I was on the cruise .
I learned that you need to face your fears , to achieve your goals .
But thinking about the environment , traffic jams and sometimes absence of parking places makes me changing the statement .
Hongdae has many kinds of places thus , but you will be concerned about drunk people when the late at night .
Friendship is a type of love which is characterized by being incondicional , reciprocal , and ready to forgive each other .
Another good thing is that I had a chance to talk to journalists .
Although Brazil passed through several changes since last 40 years , the main one haven't started yet and I am talking about Education .
As for me I do n't agree with these people .
The future for the public transport should n't be taken lightly , in my opinion , the public transport is the best option for ending the problems with the traffic jam because when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people is travelling from one place at other in only one transport or vehicle .
On this networking site , users create pages that represent them in some way .
Because that can give us a lot of new information about us that we did n't know .
So far people do n't understand the consequence of the pollution but with in decade they will then the suffer and understand the consequence of pollution in their life for sure .
To summarise , cars are going to be so independent , ecological , cheep and intelligent that we will never take a public transport again .
Everyone in the house was so excited about it but not Michael .
On top of that these machines only worked when it is wrote an order to the computer .
Nevertheless , it distinct from other medical series as he constantly thinks out of the box .
Generally , young people do n't have any problem in posting their personal photos on the Internet .
- Wow , everything is beautiful , its make me feel like I am suspended in a dream of fairytale .
This experience would teach you how to work with different kind of people .
I am so happy " said mother with a tear in her eye .
It was , of course , a ones in a lifetime opportunity , one I grabbed with both hands .
Therefore , we should consider other kinds of problems which affect on education system .
However , that is really close to change by Google 's Self - Drive Car which is a new technology able to drive our car to any destination without humane intervention .
I would like to work in a summer camp because I love them .
Halloween is traditional holiday in USA but the original history came from Celtic people .
It is clear that technology has provided us with several options in communication .
By this action , athletes may improve their performance as well as quality of life .
He could not keep his betrayal inside any longer so he entered the living room and told her .
Thus , I became more mature because I overcame those hard times .
Some families may be able to afford money and do n't think about its value .
Firstly , the author informs us about impossibility to discover new types of drugs .
But instead I am writing abour stupid decorations , illnesses and other boring stuff .
In young age , before she went to school , she started reading .
Therefore , not only did he get high score in the reports that absorbinge a great deal of knowledge at the libabry , but reduce the study stress and maintain healthy in the gym .
As a matter of fact , I agree 100% with both texts .
These questions and a lot of queries of many people looking for convenient answer .
After she comes out she decides to make another revenge because of the same reason .
If there were a future for public transport , that would n't happen .
We will explain some concepts that we will use later in our analysis .
I was born on August 4 at the hospital in Danderyd .
In my opinion shopping is not always enjoyable , especially for men .
About the task that you ask me to do , unfortunately I do n't have enough knowledge about LIMS yet .
i want the job for the summer camp i 'm looking for children between 8 - 12 years old i will help to organise sports and evening activities and if you want i could work in the kitchen
When the plane arrives at the airport of Miami you can appreciate the beautiful viwe that thid place offers .
In my opinion , the most important is enjoy your work because we spent an average of nine hours in the office or in whatever work that we will do , as a result if you do n't feel comfortable , your life could be a hell .
We had a number of problems ; the first one is concerning the number of beds : You offered space to sleep for six persons so we excepted six bed , but we only had five .
Check the languages you know and compare them to the people from those countries .
Regret had been filling up his soul since last Friday .
There are lots of shopping centers in my town with their own unique characteristics .
Are beautiful moments , but now I reckon that there is n't nothing more interesting than having all your family together talking about whole background .
I 'm just glad I get to enjoy every single one .
A justification for this may be the fact that over the years people change and grow apart .
It is such a perfect activity that the school can show the great to others .
After only three years he passed on Benetton formula one team and two years after he won his first driver championship .
The thing I like the most about myself is probably my hair , legs , mouth and hands .
At first , I have to admit that I hate any kind of sports , because I know I 'm not good at them .
As a shy person , I can confirm the differences between real life and virtual interacion .
There can be no doubt that technology should be a tool to motivate young people .
Her sons have a problem they ca nt see the natural light and one they Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying so she went to their bedroom and the courtins was not there so she go to the other room and the courtins also were not there so she stars getting nervous and more nervous so she go and talk to the servants , so she got very angry and she told them go out of my house and they did not care so she pick up a gun and the old lady returned her keys .
You wo n't be able to cover such a distance in one day .
Choo choo pdajd
It 's important if we want to know news of our country or world 's news .
Everyone in the staff is extremely nice and very often the owners come to make small talk with the clients .
Some people believe , however , that community service orders are more appropriate in some cases .
If they have bad day or if they have a good day .
Max spend the rest of the day thinking in that lion until he got into his room."what an mazing day ! "
My grammar and writing are good but as I 've said early my pronunciation is awful .
The ball went straight the police station window and broke the glass .
The following question which we talked about was:'Does it have too much influence on young people ? '
Travelling by car is certainly much more convenient than travelling by tram or trolley bus , which only follow the lines of their routes .
First was in the bar , owned by my uncle , and the second - in a local restaurant named " Dragon " ( Chinese cuisine ) .
You can never really say a thing is worst unless you have indulged yourself in it .
Therefore , the government need to make a good traffic policy to ensure citizen 's safety and welfare of have privilege of driving on road .
In this way I have to some extent developed strategic thinking on individual client needs .
Nobody is sinless and people should not be treated as serious as being sent to jail .
She , without any hesitation , had gone through the gate .
To take care of the environment , each of us has to do anything such as propaganda to the people in the country, ... about my village , we use banana leaf stead of nilon , garbage desposal sensibly ... and so on .
" Thank you " , I mumbled and went straight to the fridge .
They spend all their time thinking only about money , social networks or fashion .
It is a movie that has presents a lot of richness in characters and historical facts .
It is the oldest synagogue in Poland and was constructed in the XV century .
I hope this sport will have more importance in Italy in the future .
We need more of this organization cross the world and there is a lot of students ready for help and wishing for a chance to make our society a better place .
Once again , there is no other better place the world to spend this time you have available .
Time passed and John had an unimaginable inspiration with his experiment .
I start describing old computers which we saw in the video were few simple machines ( at the time they were created ) and covering an enormous room .
Sport is something essential to get this goal and you can always practise music at home when you have some free time ( yes , I know that it happens once in a month ) .
I ca n't agree with a statement that there is no future for public transport .
The most significant thing is that it is not what makes you beautiful .
This is particularly common among young people who are unable to differentiate between fiction and reality .
he arrived the home and he only thought and thought all night it was the second time that she has been unfaithful since then he is alone .
In my opinion cricket is best for you . You can be a good cricketer .
From my perspective , it is the process that is more valuable .
Do n't give anyone the opportunity to make you give up and continue in the successful life , Fight .
Unlike the boys the female respondents usually do n't feel like going in for sport at leisure .
This result in different of views on whether people agree the best things for improvement people 's lives have already taken place .
Currently traveling by car is useful than public that transport , you can move around the city and reduce enough time sometimes you can share your car with friends or family and this way of transportation will be cheaper .
Peter took out his mobile , dialed 112 and told the dispatcher about that whole situation .
To help you , I need to know what do you prefer to do .
I think that I got this from my dad and my elder brother .
I believe that I am a boy healthy , but with all the exams I have abandoned to goods habits of me life .
But again you never gave up and now you playing in the 3rd Orchestra in Town shows how big you are .
And if you try to find a good product for a reasonable price visit the city 's outlet - collections of the previous years are sold there with significant discounts .
People should do both study and work side by side to make themselves more skilled and capable .
In old times luxuries were not considered as compare to Heslth but now every one prefer to save time and maintain privacy which one can only afford by using her / his private transport so gradually public transport losing its charm .
On Monday me and my friend Chrissy went to the Big Ben .
But it turned out that everyone had left the house for work and no one was waiting for her with the wishes .
On the other hand it helps to reduce the polution made by cars , ..
Nowadays , it might be argued if the current transportation system would be working in the future like present , while there is a still big room for public transportation remaining as a significant method .
The telephone was convenience , something used to help people communicate , to make their lives easier .
But I do not like wasting my time too , so I usually do shopping in Mondays , because after the weekend shops are always empty .
This report is about how my city takes care of the environment .
That makes anybody feels a new level of pleasure , in the same process that everybody repeat everyday , eat .
Although the story is focused on the Lord 's family , the service has an important part to play , as the world is changing continuously and the nobility is getting old - fashioned .
My parents divorced when I was 16 years old , so I do n't have close relations with my mom and dad .
There is a narrator introduces the function of Trivago and demonstrates " how to use its mobile application to search for a worthiest hotel . "
Besides , this shop is not too far from the known natural games reserve in Lekki area of Lagos .
Also I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make the swimmer cool down when it is in a summy day .
There are some moments when celebrities need some time to be with their families and friends and journalists must not touch such moments .
I am here today to deliver a speech to you about boycott bullying .
On the hand , studying abroad is a great opportunity , especially for young people .
Although we were in the same school , we had n't talked before .
Because of them , there 's an agent of the FBI , Dylan Rhodes , that persecute them through different states of EE.UU .
Also , the temple became a Japanese proverb which is " feel like falling from the top of Kiyomizu " .
As well as being hard working and methodical , I am organized .
Third , let them boil on the stove for ten minutes .
Although they may share these themes , their ways of writing are quite different .
Furthermore , if you go to a library , you could spend all day seeing books and learning about different things so in these places there are many ancient books .
As a martial artist you start to get a great fitness and your balance will improve a lot as well as your flexibility .
She says she is n't good at maths , even though she likes them .
On the other hand , the software infrastructures are important as well as hardware system .
The most interesting place is the Park of Tradition , opened last year .
It will be the good thing that we can spend our time for a good thing
Princess Sophie send him a lot of letters telling him the truth about her , and about her cursed .
He is tall and smart he looks like a movie star .
I always had great coaches who trained me according to my ability so that I did not go never over my limit .
" You deserve them , Tom ! you work hard all the time this year "
Besides , I am plenty of availability and I am responsible , patient and social , and I have good communication skills .
But I imagine that in the next years we can begin to spread the use of alternative resources , as the eletricity given by the light of the sun rays .
If there is no Public transport in some area , then we need to hire taxi .
Eventually the debris hit the Shuttle and thus more debris was created which took the orbit of Earth and moved around it with a very high speed .
Take care and call me on Skype tomorrow - I 'll tell you so much more , I have plenty of unbelievable stories !
You requested us to organise a visit to a place or building that mirrors one aspect of our life here .
You feel that you are a part of the team and everyone is together .
In conclusion , the changing of our life can help us to explore different benefits for the changing every decade .
The technology is advancing very fast , in the best way this is good for us because we wiill do a lot of thing .
We can get a lot of up to date information around the world through watching television .
But living 21st centaury , its difficult to blame science where we are benefited through its technological applications on everyday our life to an ever - great extent .
Design is the first stage , which contains three parts : background , artwork and security issues .
The developed version of all those engines are use in the running vehicles of land , water and air which make our life more faster .
So at a Special time is a special advertisement for this age group .
Also , the increase in disposable income has given more buying power to consumers .
NOW , HE IS THE BEST MEDICAL INTERNAL , HE HAS A BEUTIFUL FAMILY .
Additionally , terrible wars will break out if one side of the magic possessors get greedy and try to take away other people 's powers .
In the book , she is n't shown using it for her own need .
With our private car , we can do many tasks in our day , but using buses we waste our time , and more efforts .
Bullying is characterized by an individual behaving in a certain way to gain power over another person .
Furthermore , colours which are used in decoration of shops or restaurants are also rather influential .
Someday he woke up early at the morning he go out for playing football before school , when he 's playing he saw something running very fast and go away .
Are the activities included in the price of the course ?
Since most of these public transport amendments have been remedial rather than something planned foreseeing future problems , they have only been of limited help and , therefore , they have only worked for some time .
This way help them to get rid of study stress , and to give time to their social life .
You made huge U - turns by raising taxes and changing your policies .
she thought he was so bored , but she did n't want to be alone.she did n't know how to live on ther own and Emily was utterly frightened to be alone .
And Cass , the girl I 'm in love with slammed the door .
I believe I am a good fit for this task since I had previous experience working in similar jobs .
There are celebrities that sell their life in television and then do not want to journalists chase them .
Drinking enough water would be good habit to enjoy not only soccer but also any other sport .
Whenever they are going to outside always keeping the plastic bag with them so whatever rubbish thing they will not thrown to the road or outside .
Nonetheless , if you really want to get into this sport as a pro , you can get to invest a lot on clothing and gadgets .
The problem is that a person has to carry his coat in a hand near his other purchases , what is not so easy .
For many , there are other important expenses that need to be covered .
He was home alone baby - sitting his two year old sister .
When you travel by land , train is one of the best options .
They do n't need to co - operate and to work as a team .
The academic style is more on critical thinking , it is hardy to cope up , because I need to understand it using their language .
After that , if they played a good game will be a plus .
Fortunately , a voice from the radio was trying to contact the man .
That is the reason why we are going to plant there 1000 trees .
Firstly , the core values and the reputation of the company are necessarily concerned .
- Helen Fielding , Bridget Jones 's Diary
It is a hard sport , but when you are it , you forget all your problems .
I attended trainings and workshops to learn about the skills to be a good facilitator before the start of the academic year .
The best of all is that the manager said their meal is free .
All these benefits surely will contribute to a better future for all the habitants so let 's give a chance to the public transport .
So , we can obtain certain benefits and more doors that can be opened easily .
One can talk with his dog , cat or any other kind of pets as they are their psychiatrist .
To begin with , they help us solve really complex mathematical equations .
So please advise all service centers to return defect parts to Slovakia instead of England .
It is true that because of computers , we do many things fast and easily .
Sometimes in everyday life they are not even interesting in terms of character and appearance .
In my spare time I like to play hockey and be with friends .
Therefore , we can feel the enormous role of music in our lives .
The car stopped quickly and her friend stepped out of the car .
He fell backwards and when he looked up , he saw it again .
For example , the spread of IT technologies will change economics and the financial system .
You do not to wait for a specific time to cath the bus , for example .
In the past , it was n't like that , people had not had cars , they were only rely on puplic transport .
On the other hand , as a mobile application , some people probably feel confused about how it operates .
After preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , it takes sheets of bank .There are three requirements fot it : colour on both sides , special ink and images slighty raised .
Technology advance way to fast and it is really difficult guessing what kind of stuff or artefacts will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas like flying cars , smartphones with the size of a small paper , laptops really thin like quarter of inch , clothes that clean itself or change the color and shape , healthier food , smarter electrodomestics .
But sometimes , Michael had a tendency to go too far with his words .
Beside historic and cultural characters , some museums also can be source of fun including attractive activities .
However , not everything about the life in the next 50 years will be positive .
There is no surprise that a person visits a big shopping mall after his long working day .
A feature of the volleyball is that the players have to rotate their positions while they are getting points .
In contrary some guys hate getting caught in traffic jam so prefer public transport;some other reasons may be rising gas price , car crashes or hating driving !
It was a cold day at night when I was at home watching my favourite programme on my telly called " dare to win " , I was with my brother , when we decided to call , The programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answer in correct time , and there is a different things for the winner .
Frozen shoulder or shoulder stiffness is an extremely limiting and debilitating disease .
I 'm also a volonteer among the red cross association , so I 'm used to look after children and organise all kinds of events .
Around the Central Park , there is one of my favourite bakery : '
She turned on the music and started to prepare a healthy meal .
That is the kind of house that I want to resident in twenty years .
It has taught me lessons I could n't have learned had I not been here - the lessons that do not only help me improve my teaching profession but also help me become the right person of my ministry .
On the hospital the doctor did me a drip and after some hours I felt better .
In their minds , it is all about having fun but is it really what it is ?
I enjoyed my favourite sport because I feel better after Jogging I think better and I meet lovely great people because of running .
The shape of the court is in rectangle and is divided in half by a net .
Not to say that now I have some good connections in the world of the rich and famous !
I saw a colorful pop - up ad and I decided to check it .
in engaging and interesting way . I 'm passionate about math and programming .
I also learned that men think in a different way from the women during the day .
Then we wo n't dream about great , Italian spaghetti because our stove will do it better than every Italian cook .
You can see whatever you want , whenever you want!There 's always something to watch for everybody .
We believe that we can develop leadership in each person and such ways we can avoid a lot of global problems .
If it is possible , I would like to change my study programme .
It was situated into a stand in Parque Del Retiro , in Madrid .
Another advantage could be teachers : they are quite strict sometimes but they make us studying harder and this is not so easy to do with teenagers .
I do n't have enough time to practise and do activities at home .
The learning of our mother tongue language is a long term process that everyone has to be involved in .
Third , this is the most important step that printed sheets manually inspected , the this sheets are classified three areas .
Their moves were so smooth ; it was more like a ballet .
The downside of this is that hordes of eager newly trained divers populate the underwater world , often with little clue of the life - threatening risks that they are facing .
Also for me the salary is not a problem because my motivation is to learn
Finally , people have more relationships in life as well as in business .
In the economic aspect , drought has brought a tremendous problem of yield for agriculture .
Therefore I paid more attention at global warming and ways to deal with it .
Then , some skeletons and dead people came out and chased me .
Since many European tourists attempt to have their holidays on the beach enjoying the sun shine and also discover the historical remanings from the past , Antalya ( Turkey ) is the best city to work .
In this article I am going to write about my favourite sport football .
I had learnt the special features of the 16th century acting business and theatres in London as well as the lifetime of William Shakespeare .
I want to emphasize that thanks to his full schedule and amount of the coaches , adults like children can do different activities at the same time instead to have to wait .
They should try to understand the importance of physical games and also play it regularly .
Do we know what does it mean to be a friend ?
That is going to happen sooner rather than later .
Talking about local transport , we have a lot of choisses like cars , motorbikes , busses , train but also as we were talking about , planes .
Secondly , public transport seems to be going expensive day by day which has reduced its popularity .
Secondly you 'll get off at the Galleria .
To sum up both issues have enormous impacts on our world .
Teenagers , however , use this technology in a way that could be dangerous .
All people of the world have friends , I 'm not an exception .
Today , human civilisation is changing at a higher speed than any time in the past .
There are many physical exercises like swimming but name any game except chess that makes our mind sharp .
Students in the mountain have a lot of different untold stories of their lives .
It is essential to treasure music as one of the significant kinds of art .
People that would to start this sport , they should know that this is not just a sport .
Thank you for your time and consideration and I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Maybe we should keep in mind that we should wear clothes in which we feel okay .
In summer that boiler of dark liquid beside the entrance might be Kopriva chai , a summer herbal digestif , favoured by the villagers of the region , or you might be offered a world war one menu such as soldiers may have eaten in this area .
In the beginning , one of them , looks for a job asking to the boyfriend sister , but fortunately his friend convince him to find another work .
However the attitude of the Colombian and Australian people is different in many ways .
I have also taught English to Spanish pupils so language will not be a problem .
The consequence of this is that in the near future the public transport will disappear .
That girl , indeed was Alice herself in her youth .
each of person has a favourite sport and so do i.i really like soccer because it is exciting , i can learn many thing when i play it .
It shows in the video that the sheep actually has big nose and lips just like human .
The location of Hong Kong is in Asia , and its location seems to be a bridge between China and worldwide .
I could n't be more excited about being for six months in the UK !
I conpeted in singing competitions when I was younger and I took acting classes .
There is is no future for public transport because car has made life so easy .
However you should still be able to drive by yourself you can not only rely on that system it is still not free from errors .
Moreover , many car finance companies have made it easy for every individual to purchase the car .
It was terrible but it was the only night she met Danny .
Secondly , last year I stayed in a beach summer camp and there were children aged 6 - 13 , besides my partner and I prepared water activities when the weather was good , against ; when the weather was bad we prepared puzzles games , adventure games , etc .
For someone new in this sport I would recommended be patient and constant in the training , because the practice is what make you better and helps to improve your level , and finally always enjoy the game .
But it 's not just the acting that it 's great in the film .
There is absolutely no time to waste your youth on drugs and alcohol .
However , most shopping center provide limited selections and sometimes the price is expensive .
Currently , exist all types of courses via the Internet , at any academic or vocational level .
Because if you are trying to win you will lose the most important thing , to discover how wonderful to play a sport could be .
When you are travelling around the world by yourself , you won a bagage of knowledge , culture , discorves and , with all of this , you won personal experencie .
This method will keep your state of mind assertive and clear .
I hope , in the next project you 'll be there helping us !
Newspaper is also not a good media since newspaper has been recently replaced by online newspaper .
At home , my dad and I had lunch , but my headache did n't finish .
In conclusion , cocaine it 's the most dangerous addiction , because you die early and your body it 's destroyed with the cocaine .
So for sure we will use public transport but maybe with some changes .
For baseball , if hitter could n't hit the ball , other players would not need to move at all .
He had to apply all his knowledge to make something concrete , with potential .
Although the public transport is slow but it also do not take a long time of people to reach their destination because public transport nowadays are developed more fast and enough .
Hence , the municipal board decided to invite the developers as well in the meeting that was scheduled in a weeks time .
There are also many adults who want to learn or just improve their language skills .
We had been looking at this problem from wrong angle all the time .
It is also said that at the hour of heading to college , those people who have taken a year off are the ones who have less difficulties to learn and relacionate with other students because they have had used to it before .
They do not want to learn so much becuase they just watch movies for fun .
There are many places to visit but the most beautiful is Traku castle .
After that we went our favorite art - cafe .
Firstly , to see father 's face when he saw all people .
I have many references from employers and the parents of the children I teach .
They made a decision and one of the bosses was in front of them .
We have searched to find the model of 300 kw turbine on Zafrana and we did n't find 300 Kw turbine in zafrana .
And as for me I 've been going in for sport for several years .
The Nazis can be everywhere , " he thought and unlocked the door with a little key .
I needed surgery on my arm and at least five months to recover .
To conclude , I will only say that science makes our lives easier .
And above that , without public funds there are too few people who show they care about the fate of historical buildings .
My heart grieved at every word portraying the suffering of the people in the Yellow River .
It turned out that they were wearing roller hockey skates . "
By making it more modern , powerful and economic , they have successfully attracted more customers than ever .
television serves the multipurpose of entertaining and educating people.in order to cope up the competiting world and get recognized in the corperative world one must strive hard , which in turn increases their stress levels .
In conclusion , the tourist office should have more adverts of the city center .
This kind of situation brings all kinds of problems to mankind and animals .
Many of journalist or photographers think when they write some gossip about politicians or when they take some " curios " photos , it 's ok .
When Aznar was president of government before he , he was like minister .
Besides , it destroys the marine ecosystem in such a way that the seabird or fish are fed on plastic .
I have many memories with him , which I always keep on my heart even if they are god or bad .
She 's such a beautiful woman and plays the role beautifully .
They will destroy the environment when the raw material digs out from the site .
I have booked a table for eight people because our boss will come too .
I was doing homework , while Jennifer was posing for the mirror . "
Narwal Ji has supported me throughout the preparation of this program .
I like this place because I can enjoy a good views to my city .
Tom love it , " thanks mom , thanks dad!"Today is the best day of my life , thank you ! "
with an amazing riverside view that makes you relax and fell comfortable .
How come he 'd done that to me !
Perhaps the next day he wo n't even be able to recall what the speaking was about but I 'm pretty sure that after all deep down himself he will know what best move on is to make ! !
Secondly , if you can not find what you are looking for , you will not beam with happiness .
I think we all have our own magnificent lives and we should focus on them .
Finally , while doing this they actually save us from using a lot of paper .
First translations appear in the end of 18th century , but this is not Shakespeare actually because they are made from German or French and the translators change plots as they want ( and turn them into some tearjerkers as a rule ) .
If you are playing a sport you improve your abilities went your working in a team in which all the players have the same aim from the game : winning the match .
There are dangers which appear because of overthinking about stars and comparing yourself to them - it is called low self - assessment .
My mother and my father had a fight to each other , they wanted not together .
With the increasing competition in the workplace , people bear more and more stress .
It is well known that physical activity contributes to improving physical and mental health .
All night the body had lain like this on the floor .
Then it is very important to exercise because your body and your mind need movement .
They seem happy with the way they live and embrace the change in everything .
For that reason we 're going to putting our name down at the gym and the swimming - pool .
Nowadays young children are well informed about the dynamics and the complexity about the pollution cycle .
I really think that everyone should try it because it is fun and healthy .
For me , I do prefer reality shows that help people how to deal with problems .
She reproached me for not awaking her up despite she had been calling me so eagerly .
I did everything by myself because everyone had sometihng to do on their own .
Now I will talk about THE PROCESS OF MAKING BANK NOTES .
My home country is Hong Kong , which is a former British colony .
In other words , they choose only from the most common causes .
Day by day , I tried to forget my love in his quiet .
2 . ) Airport Hotel is the most adjacent accommodation to the Liszt Ferenc airport .
Finally , there are some posters and some shelf with my games .
The boy felt very embarrassed , therefore he carried on his ways and he did not say nothing to her .
I have a sending organisation " Centre for Youth Studies - Higher School of Economics "
To be more precise , new educational methods promotes the students ' teamwork .
Looking forward to meet you and your family as soon as possible !
When we need to buy something , we mostly choose shopping centres .
Last Spring , however , something happened which surprised everybody , especially me .
However , from my point of view , it 's not true .
I have good organizational skills and can explain things clearly in order people to understand it easily .
Michael was very anxious and he did n't know what to do anymore .
Butif somebody wants to follow the latest fashion , I accept it , because she just in those clothes feels good .
Everything is delicious and very tasting , especially pizzas : they dress them in many different ways : I try a different meal every time I go there .
The crux of the matter is to start these reforms now .
It 's hard for young people to find jobs in Sweden .
The smell was wondrous from the lavender while the flavor was almost mint - like and refreshing to drink .
Before this day I was frustrated so it brings a happiness in my mind .
Every day he works hard to give support to the people injured by the mines .
REPORT ON SHOPPING FACILITIES IN MY TOWN
Because it seems like , if we do that , angels will come out from TV and attack us !
They have so successfully infiltrated their own product into our everyday existence that we no longer see it anymore as what it really is : a nuisance .
Ever since then , what filled this family is just happiness and love .
The only play ground in our village was the school ground which was full of small rock and not good to play any sports .
Everything started on Saturday afternoon on the main square in Krakow .
In during the holiday people going to see their family , friends and relatives in type of short time visit .
We saw a boy drawing my face , but I never saw that boy in my all life .
The material processes are carried out by agents , which coincide with the subject .
To summarize , I believe that everybody deserve to have a private life .
Otherwise , the place would turn into a mess , especially the crowded places .
He is an athletic runner that has imposed a new global record , nobody believes in him not media either his own father in him .
To provide insurance at nominal prices.and claim polocies should be easy .Give surety so that people can accept and trust the insurance companies .
People in modern society have a lot of resources to further research the field of study that they are interesting in .
The world famous Red Square is located in the centre of Moscow .
When it turns out that all who we got used to idolise are just people with their shortcomings , we become disappointed .
Later on the week I was doing the dishes when the kitchen door suddenly opened for no reason however I felt the same hot wind in my face and the same funny smell .
I really hope you consider me as a good option for the job .
In addition , it has a lot of facilities that serve students like kindergarten that takes care of children these employees , university housing , hospital the student of medicine can be application in it and it serves the people too , and a big library has many books in various languages .
My name is Bridget Payne , and I 'm 15 years old .
I did n't need any coaching since my football skills came naturally .
Learning of another language is very useful these days , because of globalization and also cooperation between countries .
Ater natural areas , such as farmland , forest and wetland , are destroyed in large - scale , there is no close places with beautiful scenes to visit .
The director gives a choice to broaden our mind and to come up with our own conclusion or maybe imaginable ending of the gripping story .
Then in the 18th century the Napoleonic army lived in it until the end of independence Spanish war .
I agree with this statement that being safe is better than feeling sorry .
Drawing lines in the sand , and praying like hell no one crosses them .
Second , the text support that the computers were evaluated by the own people that submited the test .
Also , you can suffer from jet - lagged if you travel a long distance .
Alison go to a bus stop and she waiting for a bus .
As we know , the privilege having a travel by car is more convenient than by public transport .
It has been shown that they get along better with their siblings than their parents .
I was going to leave when the bitter and loud voice of the man surprised me .
Joe I have the same memory as I was a child , and I do n't remember to much Sophie .
Developed countries , Latin America and East Asia are the three regions that depict a low percentage of illiterate people , expresed below 20% , whereas Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab States and South Asia are above 30% of people who do not know read and write .
As a result I overcome my anxiety and started speaking in front of those students and I found its not difficult as I expected .
On the other hand , people is friendly as you know , because you know some spanish person .
To sum up , it is important motivating the young people to do physical exercise .
The bomb was going to blow up in a few minutes .
Sadly , things do n't always work out the way we expect .
I hope it to be a good cat and a good experience for me .
If you are very good , you can take part in competitions .
David adapted it to the urban environment and created new moves .
Not everyone has car , so public transport is needed for every country .
Every day I got to deal with students wearing different faces of life 's resentment .
Nowadays , I am studying a degree in economics at the University of Barcelona .
I think I have a talent in numbers , and I can memorize the numbers extremely well .
I hope you are going to play the best game on your part .
The most important step is inspection , where printed sheets should be inspected manually and carefully .
Whenever I find an interesting book I buy it immediately .
How many hours do you work in this business and when are the working hours ?
I would like to sign up for a summer course for three months .
Implement a tutorial to facilitate the usability for new users , and also make it possible to retake the tutorial as per user request .
So if I were you , I 'd go for music classes .
I believe I have the necessary qualifications and experience that you are looking for .
And this importance of private transport because private transportation provide a comfortable mean to move from one place to another , also it is help to keep a time and reduce costs which spending in public transportation .
It also fun because you can notice that you are getting better all the time .
I strongly recommend the first option because it 's cheaper than the second one .
On the one hand , doing sports allows you to have a healthier life .
Their aggressors make them become insecure and they think that they are alone .
This street is one oft the most popular shopping streets of Vienna .
For me there is no better movie to be presented in our club .
I have been looking for a while for suitable university to apply to .
For the above reasons I suspect that the share of public transport do n't decrease rather increase in the future .
What transportation do we need and should be invented now is hard to think , because no place we could n't go .
They are 5 people in my family : my father , my mother , my older sister and my young brother .
then let your wife makes the decision , finally , if you are broke up recently , then do n't do anything , just light up your cigarette and hang out with your xx - girl friend ,
You do exercise to be strong and have ability in your legs and your hands .
When driving a car , we will face a parking space trouble in a city .
Moreover , when I was running , I can through a lot of thing about myself or how to solve some of the problem from daily .
I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
One thing which we could be sure is that the world is changing but public transport existed in the past and will be in the future .
My family is my best friends because they realy takes care off me when I needed them to .
I attach my English C.V. so you can read my references and my past experiences .
And also it must be really uncomfortable for friends or family who go with you .
So that , transportation was one of the most important issues faced human , because it is related to the interaction between people like trading and many other purposes .
Does the accommodation belong to the summer camp structure ?
The weather in Santa Cruz is boiling this season , you should bring light clothing .
Every day the science and the industry are developing new materials , technologies and clean energy sources .
Some drivers are not keen on this ban , because this is inconvenient for them .
In a nutshell , there is a great deal of knowledge needs to be gained for children in order to live in a society .
So an inflammatory response starts leading to the joint stiffness , movement becomes painful and range of movement is limited by time .
In the second place , you would learn the history of Spain on these streets .
The number of Ukrainian students who study abroad increases every year .
I also went to piriapolis with my family and all the days .
Thus , we should consider this kind of threat to our future .
I was used to living with my whole family in Ensenada .
Several bathrooms are available with cold and hot water in them and a 25 metre - length heated pool .
There are a lot of factors that could greatly affect on what you will be in the coming 50 years of your life .
Moreover , through my internship experience , I have acquired good analytical , quantitative and computer skills .
Schools and job markets are often separated like two different worlds .
For example , people who have disabilities and certain diseases are not able to drive .
Because it 's just the way Tom is - stubborn and righteous .
we gathering around the table on this day and waiting for the spring on last moments of the year .
At first you should visit sights like a churches and a cathedrals then move to the town centre and go through the town park .
But it does not mean that the child has to abandon his dream of acquiring education .
In addition , many other improvements like electric engines from Tesla are getting new benefices to this new concept of Intelligent - Cars .
Running will help you burn calories and make you calm and relaxed .
Are you lost in the city without knowing what to do ?
Kyle is a strong and charismatic individuality and he values his privacy a lot .
Hence , every woman must be able to have abortion as a choice .
If you would rather avoid essential or required things you 'll lose many chances to succeed .
These words reflect the power and the importance of writing and reading across mankind 's history .
But maybe they could stop talk to each other , because it 's waste of time too .
I know a builder who plays very well and a professor who - mh - so to speak - still needs some more practice .
He was tired of himself , lost interest in working and became homeless .
He was surprised by the poor quality of the air when walking around .
Finally , if you want to rest and good companionship , joined to this house .
I 'd like to apply for the position in your summer camp .
The other characters that also take an important part in the movie are the servants .
There is no secret for the human beings today because they have explored every place on the Earth .
Secondly , reason for my propensity of treating pets as a family member , is that they have souls .
The need of export and import items has increased in the last 10 years consequently the life of the people has raised in faster respond .
It takes a lot of time to know any language fluently and it waists time .
We can change our beliefs , actions and thus our identity through experimentation , practice and conscious self discipline .
For example , the debate about the statement that you can not choose your family , but your friends .
It is also really fun to be with everyone who 's is whit in the team .
Since Sandrine became a model , she has changed her diet .
We felt happy because we have not seen for a long time .
In contrast , opponents of military service point out that study is the first vital thing for people who reach 18 years old .
As unbelievable as it seems , it had been a gate of time .
Researchers have claimed that new generations are likely to suffer from more diseases .
However , the drama is perfectly achieved in each scene and they keep you tied to the screen .
Next day I was compliant against him with the Head of the department , during that time only I came to know that he is one of the technician who is taking care of repairs of the Microscopes in the department , and his Manager requested me to not repair any unit without official request , beside he will come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
She immediately took the phone and called Michael and she started to explain her project .
She went to his parents house because they sent her an email that said that his father is okay after the oparation .
There is my mother , my father , my two brothers and me .
in the end we read a sentences : " Although you might someday forget about the world , the world will never forget you , Malcolm , "
I think it 'll be very useful for your next trip to Paris .
The whole process is arduous and nerve - wracking .
On the other hand , having your own car is expensive and no everyone could afford it .
Frist of all , the biggest problem is that the world 's resources are extremely unequal .
I hope you will enjoy seeing this place and become really excited by this excursion watching the great architectural monuments
Today we will make a spotlight on the famous facts and myths about " Frozen shoulder " .
The cooking is one of my hobbies . I like to eat very good and I practise several kinds of foods .
I love to travel and I know that I was born for it .
To summarize , People 's life knows a fast change and development , but generally this evolution affecting people .
welcome to the historic town of Lancaster!You are now in the vibrating heart of Lancashire .
Firstly , hyrid cars only allowed to use during weekends as result of this most people not using there cars all the week .
5- Many people ca n't drive like children and old people .
it is said that instead of taking public transport , commuters will travel by car because of its convenience . in my opinion ,
If you try this sport in the wrong way you can have health problem , for example you can have problems at hands , at the neek and at legs .
It is said that the main objective of telelevision is entrentein people and make their free time happier .
Similarly , summer vacation give us more time to do meaningful things .
If I were in a better position it could not happen to me .
( 5 ) establish a mechanism in collaboratedly exploring and developing resources in the East China Sea .
we should clean our area to attract visitor and introduce to many other countries in the world.let protect our lung
In my opinion the salad is the best option , with a big range of types from different countries .
It is perhaps for this reason that people who climb are often couples !
Each team has got a limited number of taps to return the ball .
There was a little cardboard box with my name on the top .
My favorite movie is The fault in our stars , because it 's very good and I really like the characters and the story .
In the future , you do not provide the Japanese course at convenient time .
One of the many possibilities , how do our lives more convenient is to use cars rather than public transport .
According to the last studies , pollution increases this year in the biggest cities whereas it goes down in villages .
I did n't have problems because the children were quiet and respectful , and also because I known them since they were newborn .
" Are you kidding me ? You have never worked in your life .
These are some reasons of why I love mountains and why I spend there most of my holiday .
We recommend you to consider the electronic content available through these library subject guides
My name is Michael Freeman and I 'm twenty - nine years old .
I met my best friend , Aisha , at a friend 's in common party six years ago , when we were 25 .
Visiting the centre of the city is really fascinating : Piazza del Duomo is one of the most suggestive squares in Italy with the particularity of the white marble facade of the Dome and his multitude of pinnacles .
So if we believe it is a kind of important subject to take care , we need to move fast and our first step should be our election process .
To win the game , a good strategy should be also applied .
We are glad that our work has started to bear fruits in recent years .
There are a lot of funny websites which can put you in a good mood .
Hiring a new employee is not an easy job .
Casar de Cáceres , Feeds Smiles .
Secondly , there are two sorts of schools in Spain - public and private- , which produces a big difference in the educational knowledge .
The condition of the stores and safety are two crucial factors to affect the business in the plaza .
As I 've also ran the marathon THRICE and play in the local netball team I am quite energetic plus I 'm also hardworking as I try my best to reach my ambition .
She knew that her eighteen birthday approach and she will spend them and all the preceding week with her friends in Spain .
I walked through the darkness and finally i arrived at a stunning lake .
When I read your e - mail I was very surprised about it .
Our competition was on Monday , we had one day left .
She used to live in a flat so she had never disovered how much the world was different and beautiful .
Such as Beijing , the metropolis in China , faces the salient bad traffic as such government had to encourage the citizen go to work by public transport such as bus and subway .
We set off at 6 pm and reached our destination an hour later .
what I ' m saying is that if you have future public transport that people use so much that you will have future
The Food Network has become my favourite channel I can tune to it the whole day !
That was my first time on holiday in another country that was n't nourth Italy .
Such experience made Jake realise the considerable impact that a good public transport system has on people 's life and their surrouding .
Later on , he got a great score in his test .
If present does n't satisfy you , let 's take a trip in the future .
I hope this international experience will teach me how to work on increasing country welfare .
Of course it 's an exaggeration , but I say this to confirm that in this city the number of the cars is very high .
The crops might be flooded very soon if they did n't do anything to avoid it .
He was trying to switch it on again and again but the machine did n't work .
During vacations I did n't enjoy my time because I did n't find out that I am a wizard .
The hotel should have all inclusive concept so before people go for holiday , they could calculate their costs .
Suddenly a plethora of concerns filled my head up : what to do after the school ?
It 's called " City car " or " Car Sharing " and it consists in sharing a car , using it for our movements and then letting it in every part of the city in the dedicated parking .
I am going to repeat the experience in March at the local hospital .
First , television has many programs which are can be used for education .
Film stars have very duties for example going to the parties organized by other people from show buissness .
Nowadays , unfortunately , students can not take enough education from their schools whereas in some poor countries .
This activity would not demand huge amounts of money to be done and with a non - significant investment would help a large group of people who desperately need it .
People feel that they can get to their destinations on time if they drive their own car .
I explained to him the standard protocol that it should be send a official repair request in order to proceed with repair the unit .
We can know this just by comparing the life now and 50 years ago .
To sum up , doing shopping is inevitable , so we can make everyday shopping more enjoyable .
First of all , finishing high school is a passege of life that indicate the begnin of a new chapter for the students .
Also , there will be no fresh grass and grains for domestic animals , such as cows , lamps , chichen to be fed .
There are various reasons why I am absolutely fascinated by this martial art .
Maybe I will bribe you at the end of school term to get a good grade .
the whole world get together to support there favourite teams & the boys played it in the streets together .
On holiday we do different sports , cook in the fire and have fun .
Now , thanks to the pump the hot water is able to reach the upstairs rooms .
Althoug the most important thing is that there were not only friendy staff but they look like if they were having tea in Wonderland , with Alice and the White Rabbit .
The following day she came back to London where all her family was waiting for her since they werevery curious about the weird Alison 's trip .
Without a doubt , long distance journeys are best carried out by plane .
It has to be uncomfortable to go out of your house and find some reporters or paparazzi waiting for you to asking or to taking photos .
Another reason for being a graduate school student can learn more practical knowledge which can be applied in future 's career .
It can be done by going to a cinema or watching movies at home .
Madrid is one of the most famous shopping cities in the world !
Is it possible to arrange a meeting near this station ?
During our last English lesson we talked about the future for public transport .
Micheal did not know what think .
Despite all previous things Adam was alone , has no friends in school or in abbeywood street in Queensland where he lived in Australia and Adam was very annoyed about that and what make it worth a boy called Johnny who had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
Given that these children would have a better development in the future as well as more free time .
I am available for interview at any time in the next two weeks .
However , I 'm Andrea and I 'm from Italy .
The scene is bright and the rhythm is light even if in the saddest section .
In our imperialist and capitalist World , we need more films or arthistic influences which mention the problems about our life and realities .
She looked around the living room , and surprised , how many was people there .
However , these three ones are the most visited by tourists , so they will not disappoint you .
There are some park and ride stations allowed car drivers to connect with the subway , It is very convenient and encouraged more people to drive less .
and then it turned out that all her crew was there .
Learning has no end , We spend all of our lives learn from circumstances we face .
He is a soilder in the military in thun , where he works as a teacher .
I recommend that everyone at this department take the course , that way we could have the perception of all the employees and focus in what we need to improve and canalize it into profits .
Mr. Chou is the famous doctor in my country .
The surroundings are dedicated to the fashion : you can find the most important shops for whom Milan is known in the whole world .
LIVE AND STUDY IN SPAIN NOW …
In the beginning it would be a simply and without high wages job but you would get some experience .
We have a lot of unhappy days and we have a lot of problems too .
However , there is a great debate on whether this is really a good solution .
The biggest one in the countrey is in the cty where I live threfore you 'll have a place to stay and for free .
I personally like Sports Programmes and Comedy Shows , because I love sports and also enjoy having a good laugh .
Apart from that , there are other container focused on every type of objects .
Cultural literacy is Knowing about and respecting the cultures of others .
But in my opinion , you can stop global warming by stopping deforestation first .
It is considered to be one of the longest traffic jams by some media .
I am very disappointed with both the equipment and the service have I received .
Then he should buy a pair of binoculars or a telescope .
Currently I study Computer Science at Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznan .
While she was getting ready , she heard a door bell .
I have developed organizational and time management skills through my work with different companies .
In addition to that She has a pretty face , dark skin , black eyes and long brown hair .
How do the educational institutions judge a student being likely to succeed or not ?
I think it 's very interesting discover how foreign people usually eat .
3 ) How many years of experience do you have in Controlling / Finance ?
My family knows most of my secrets , they know my worries and joys , they know that I am thinking about things .
MY FAMILY IS VERY HAPPY TO MEET YOU !
One is that people may stuck in the traffic jam during the rush hours , the second is the more vehicle on road that means the more exhaust would be emitted into the air , the last and the most important is the gas and oil would be depleted .
This way is cheap as well and they have not to change everything around their life to achieve this aim .
With reference to his work experience , he has worked for a multinational company for 5 years .
They had to escape with the doors from the country closed , while making sure both girls did n't get their minds full of junk ( people killing ) .
On the other hand you have the public service called Metrobus , in this case you will hop off the bus a few times , when you arrived you must find the A - line , go to the patriotismo starion ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to the # 76 of Acrone avenue .
It must be really stressed when you ca n't come anywhere without journalists following you .
Choosing a favorite season would be difficult because they are all special to me .
There are many problems created by doing large - building projects , and it is the government 's responsibility to cope with these problems .
But people should realized , that there are many advantages and disadvantages of being celebrities .
Children learn a lot of things with cartoons , it can help them to improve the speaking and to know new vocabulary .
Many do believe that a talent can be taught , although not so easily .
In conclusion , public transport will not be affected by using private cars .
He arrived on the company as quickly as the crowded London 's streets allowed him .
About working in the kitchen It is n't a problem for me because I love cooking .
Because everyone has their own talents , values , and judgments , we learn more from those with whom we agree and appreciate and get significant influence from them .
The public transport will have many future because some people have no money to buy their own car .
Eating healthy foods are the other part of that sport .
Eliot , my special English teacher .
First , you need to know how to open the establishment .
But there comes a time when they are supposed to make it to adulthood .
Your assistant said that I would have to wait only a week .
This report should help you buy genuine goods from our city .
To begin with this , the main change will be the use of renewable resource instead of fossil fuels .
It is a great online shop where you can save a lot of money .
Dancing requires a lot of things , like cordination , flexibility , and physical condition , just to mention a few .
The engineers need help to construct the building , they call to the professional to saw what is wrong .
Encouraging yourself that you can work perfectly well for you .
Taking a break between leaving school and starting college seems unnecessary .
In conclusion , I think it is never too late for saving our wonderful world .
My FAVORITE movie is Breaking Dawn part 2(The Twilight saga ) .
The students were a bit doubting but agreed on the fact that people who have stylish clothes are usually the most popular .
Cooking shows are fun to watch , but my most favourite shows are those about cakes and pastries .
The note read and her tears rolled down her pale face .
In terms of protecting environment , taking the public transport may cut down the carbon emmittion .
In other words , the way to get the knowledge is equal to everyone in the world .
But I saw unknown phone number on a display and felt a little bit nervous .
Today , the Internet is one of the most effective and efficient ways to communicate .
Since I was a child , my favourite characters are being the cruellest one .
A couple of years ago , I hardly could see any bins in supermarkets and houses .
However , nature does n't always endow us with inborn abilities .
However , those who do not know about it can not get such support .
Nonetheless , I would contend that learning foreign at primary school brings countless benefits to children .
In infested areas , they injure livestock , pets and wildlife ; damage crops , plants , electrical equipment , and irrigation systems .
Nowadays , with the development of genetics , we might be able to stop world famine .
In modern society cars have become more cheaper to buy , which in turn has helped people to have them .
When I was 10 years old I met my best friend .
On sepmtember 2014 , a note was realized and published in AC / DC 's webpage , the note said : " Malcolm is taking a break from the band due to ill health " .
For this reason I have been doing three courses during this year .
Even if they manage to save the amount of money for a flat it usually has not enough room to swing a cat .
This two movies give us a concept : no matter how worse the lives are , love can make people brave and find out the value of lives again .
Because there can be a lot of differences in the characteristics of those two subjects .
I advise you to travel by boat if you have enough money for it .
Without reducing personal vehicles , there is no solution of that problem .
She highly recommends your school to Tsz Huan and us .
My name is Abel Ferreira and I am 14 years old .
Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut on spends of the water by 50 % using a recycle water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the wasten and saving our planet .
All in all , anything that will keep them away from being bored and with nothing to do .
Indeed , some places still need to improve the structures for bikes : sometimes they do n't have a lot of bicycle paths .
The dispatcher told him every little thing he had to do .
And the instruments used in that local music may vary from sort to another .
My son is 13 years old and we understand each other very well .
It is the first step that costs troublesome , some things must be included the considerations , such as background colour , artwork , security issues .
Trains are a great way of transport across intercontinental distances , especially since they have become faster .
three things that i could do with is a bike , to be sick and bad computers .
The only post ever sent to me was an anniversary card , sent by my grandmother before she passed away .
During summer park organizes many exhibitions and cultural events .
On the other hand , travelling by plane people say is safer then do it in others transport .
To sum up , although we do n't want that our life changed it is normal that it will have different changes .
Also it shows the disposition of the soviet people towards the changes in the country . "
Only after all the work above is completed , can printing step be carried out .
squash sport also can be played individually as two players together or in team of 4 players.squash one of the very nice attractive sports
I 'm a 17 years old Italian student , I have a B1/2 English level , I 'm cheerful and hard working .
I love football because there 's a lot of enjoyment in it .
They were published under the common title " Soviet crisis " .
If you want to try this option , you need to have a very good level of particular language .
Is it really possible to describe a man at all ?
This house believes that everyone should be able to speak English .
I am afraid to say the room was dirty and untidy .
But if you do not like spicy you can also try the Honey Sauce .
Furthermore , people need to have a good memory to remember a large number of words .
In my opinion he 's a hero of our times .
Surprised he thought he had n't seen her for a long time .
It 's also true that more people have cars than maybe 30 of 40 years ago .
Having a kind boss or friendly colleagues , for example , can bring workers the senses of belonging and enjoyment from working , hence the working quality may arise greatly .
There can be some pain and almost everybody becomes really exhausted at the beginning .
On my spare time I like to hang out with friends and play soccer .
So , the teacher is a necessary part of the educational process .
for this resaon , this region presented the lowest percentage of land degraded , with only 5% .
Everything was just a bet right ? ' Celine said .
the aim of this report is to provide assessment to relocate the current canteen of the campus to a location more accessible for all the students , hence it will hopefully prove both , the profitability of the canteen and the relevant role it plays for all the students in the campus .
Most people in Bali rely too much toward their private vehicles hence they totally abandoned public transportation .
Y truly enjoy working with children to help them learn and improve their already acquired skills , especially in sports .
In order to realize her dream , she had begun her journey .
In our world lives many personalities , more or less known , such a film - stars , music - stars and so on , but why they ca n't have normal lives ?
Furthermore , football give you the opportunity to make friends because it is a team sport .
There are family problems , football madness , romantic obsessions and mental illnesses .
Unfortunatelly , in a horribble night the couple"s house was invided by a satanist group who attack them and leave just blood behind them .
As you may be concerned , cars are very useful but they also have some disadvantages .
For example , a fair grade judging system is essential in an Joint College Entrance Examination .
We also can use appliance that not consume so much , if we can adopt sustainable electric systems or buy organic products .
Actually , I do n't give up and always looking for the opportunities .
i 've been practicing martial arts for eleven years but i havent lost the passion I feel about it .
Also the court is cheap and the changing room is nice and clean .
It also shows how you should always think of others before thinking of yourself .
Lovers of gold and silver can get real bargains at bazaar shops .
It took 3 minutes I won with three accounts too .
In my opinion , young people do n't have musical culture and magnificent bands of music like Rolling Stone are going to have remaining in the oblivion .
Least but no less , family perception , has being changed and for that time everything will be different because will be the effect of the decisions that women are making right now about having kinds .
Notwithstanding , a formidable pair of shoes makes a huge difference if one plans to keep practising the sport for a long period .
For those who do not drive , public transport is extremely important .
I have been travelling with both for yeras , and I reckon each and everyone ends up needing public transport one day or another .
The aim of the report is to write how are town take care of the environment .
I love you so much ' Michael blurted after what they did then hug her .
The other matter is about our habit to eating food together with our family that were a custom in humanity life not just in our culture , but now because of hard and busy life , we had to eat our meal mostly days of a week .
Before him there was a tall , dark woman in black .
Two ancient castles remind us of the times of kings and nobility , quiet pedestrian streets show us the life as it could be in the 1800s .
The thing that worries me most is to get used to the English weather !
But my family is not my best friends because you chose you friends but you do not chosen you family .
He thought that it was a great way to relax and think about things .
I am so happy you have finally decided to visit my country .
In these times , we can follow sbd 's Twitter newsfeed , ' like ' his Faceboog fanpage and , of course , follow news about those famous people .
For this purpose , the presentation will be divided into four sections .
In conclusion , it is true that the demand for the public going down rapidly as thy have their own vehicles .
I would like to apply for the job which includes working in summer camps all over the USA .
The more I understand it the more I like it .
I remember the warmth of twilight wnich lures you to the heart of this town .
Nowadays , people has a stressfull live so we ca n't spend time waiting for public transport .
He wants other kids to be inspired also in everything they are capable of doing .
Our city offers to visitors a huge range of possibilities to go shopping .
I will have to compassion to not be a bully and the courage to not to be a bystander .
In the trend of globalization today , the success or failure of the business depends on many various factors .
However , How will people 's life change in the next 50 years ?
Now that would be an interesting question , we can watch anything from news to cat fish the TV show , in the name of entertainment are actually learning .
Everyone will love the appetizers and main courses served there .
I do n't know what I like people to know about me .
Countries today are trying to reduce their carbon footprints , they are trying to encourage public transport .
Besides , for the same reason , it is easier to avoid traffic jams .
Working in the community is more adequate compared to sending people to prison when criminals have done a minor offence .
This year I decided to clean the local forest with my family .
Lastly , we can use less resources by using public transport .
Eventually , I want to say that this is an important opportunity for me to learn and to do new things .
Environment - it reduces cars on the roads , therefore air is less polluted
Her mind wandered to the first moment she laid eyes on beautiful Danny .
For this reason I highly recommend going to Di Roma restaurant .
International suppliers take , at least a week to deliver an order .
How can I force my kids to do his homework ?
So , I think , that they must have known about the consequences and just live as they like .
He knew that if we escape at that moment when the granny was at the ground , she would most probably die .
This report shows the sorts of shop which are localizated in Moral de Calatrava .
One very important positive aspect is that , thanks to the small amount of petrol it needs , the keeping of a motorbike is considerably economical .
when you travel by bus you must have a timetable and it is less comfortable than travelling by car .
In fact , I am attending a course to learn to cook well .
Cáceres is visited for many tourist every year .
If I were you , I would remember always a tip of Michael Jordan . "
I live just in front of the sea and I 've been working in restaurants and pubs since I was 16 , where I learned cooking and serving tables .
I love my cousin 's house so I always visit him .
The man run to where his friends and sought a police .
That is us - the teachers of Gala .
For example , is there a library where I can study in the evenings ?
For instance , monthly it is held a competition where participants have to clean and pick rubbish up from different areas of the village .
Then I take a shower , have breakfast with my family members .
Maybe by doing this we would be able to find other civilisations and exchange technologies with them .
It was 8:00 o'clock in the morning .
I earn some money to pay my University fee and rent for three months . I also received a very good reference from the firm which was passed on to the University .
In conclusion , young people should behave differently towards their health and fitness .
However , I am scared a bit of the consequences of this secret adventure .
People who participated to that " way to freedom " never asked anything in exchange .
I am a passionate reader in particular of thrillers and French poetry .
However , others companies will dominte the half of the projected market share in jeans next year .
Generally speaking , the method has not been demonstrated by the scientists , so it is better to avoid it in order not to get some unexpected consequences .
Therefore , it should be considered carefully on how to combine both severe penalties and many other regulations .
No matter where famous person goes , he must realized , that next day he will be on first page newspepers with lots of rumours .
Which has many branches and types , those are traditional : owned by any part of the world , and the other international types that all people over the world are share it .
In our city have a billboard to urge people to have attention to environment .
Furthermore , the student and tutors should be encouraged to use public transport , cycling or walking .
You can taste sea - food in Sai Kung and Abeedeen .
The only place where we could imagine a challenge in sticking to English as the classroom language is when the group works .
Probably , if we used up public transport like bus instead of private , we would reduce the greenhouse effect because of the CO2 produced .
I love horses and I 'm practising horse riding at Djursholms ridklubb .
In addition , means of transport will be able to produce less pollution .
Additionally , critics argue that countries are able to allow people have freedom of choice for military service .
Although people do enjoy the convenience and privacy of travelling in their own private vehicles , in my opinion they may choose public transport if it fulfils certain conditions .
The swimming pool in Brunete has customers from all age groups , but it is especially suitable both for young and elderly people in order to improve their mobility .
Certainly cities will be crowded in the future because population is always increasing .
Being famous seems to be the best thing that can happen to us .
In winter you can go skiing or snowboarding in the Pirineus .
We have also worked together in a kindergarten for some time and this year we started our studies in an institution in order to become primary teachers .
However , the advantages overcome the worst aspects and I will be happy to join the club again next Summer .
She stood up and looked at her daughter coming down the stairs .
Vanity fair is a good example for a book full of surprise .
By this way , we not only contribute to saving our eco - system , we also contribute to increasing the national revenue .
In the following paragraphs , I present my view in this controversial issue .
The watch shown the time is 9.30am and 2 hours left before he go to the place that made his heartbeat so fast .
At the same time they also keep saying that nature was more green and vigorous in our time .
In times of escalators and cars , it is refreshing to find an activity that involves movement , velocity and strenght .
I aspire to further my studies in Law at the University of Cambridge .
When you come to Leonberg you will find many useful shops .
Recently I have listened to a discussion on how adults can be a good influence on young people .
Many people would disagree , but our future depends on public transport .
They must have some free time to have a rest without being seen .
I live in La paz , in a house with my mother and my father .
We have to pay for the oil if we drive and we all know that the oil price goes up every year .
There are some solutions to prevent the rise in the consumption of sugar sweetened drinks .
By that time I had visited six interviews , but nobody was interested in my candidacy .
We share moments with those people using the same mode of transport as us .
Despite , travelling by public transport can be a better option in so many cases .
However , some of them admitted their interest also for pop music and RNB .
Good films can also entertain and educate at the same time .
I saw the announcement of your school in the magazine " Speak up ! " and I 'm writing to have more details .
I 've wasted the best years of my life doing nothing .
They left early in the morning , everyone in the trip was very excited .
I love the overnight tour , in which only fires light the ruins .
Public transport is a useful way to commute from place to place , especially in big cities .
In addition , everyone would feel rushed to finish what he is doing .
it could be one of my best friends as we really liked to have lunch together .
It was dark outside , the weather was windy and the leaves fell from the trees .
I mean people watch television to entertain themselves but others maybe watch it to learn a new language with different programs that television offers or just put subtitles to make it simple .
Secondly , public transport are environmentally sound in comparison to private vehicle .
We know that submerging in the culture and custom of our chosen language is important and a better way to learning it .
Cricket has become a part of me since when I was a kid .
In conclusion travelling by car is far better than using public transport
They are really close to their children in the terms of feelings and emotional matters .
Besides , I am open - minded , easy going and friendly .
We must value time . I hope my country to be as a developed countries in using the best use of time .
But I have a serious problem - I am allergic to animal hair .
The information they acquired during these courses will help them for the rest of their lives .
My parents are my best friends because I can trust them , love them and look forward our meeting .
As Puck mistakes Lysander for Demetrius and squeezes the potion into his eye , the whole conflict begins .
Maybe he did n't notice it at all , but it was a farewell .
However , they must understand travelling by car is not any kind of exercise .
I think that 's why this city can maintain the safe environment .
Last but not least , we also became proud of our beautiful rivers .
I know how much you like both activities so just I suppose you are having a hard time .
But public wants to see famous politicians and stars in every situation .
The great expansion of knowledge makes people more educated than before .
Saturday I helped a friend with his party and made 64 dollars .
After to drink water form the bottle , he fell over the gress and Peter saw that Jon 's leg was broken .
It seems to me a complete sport because you can practise it in pairs or in an individual way .
Probably it sounds weird , but I 'm on my way .
And finally I would like to say yes are against these people , or still might change their style and everything would be ok !
When we have a dementia ( a steady degeneration disease of our brains ) we can take back our lost memories from the backup system of on - line " Big Cloud " memories .
Thirdly , print the sheets of bank notes(50 banks notes per sheet)with special ink , where colour is condidered on both sides and images will slightly raised on the bank notes .
My company is making redundancies and I am always worried about that .
Very soon I realized that this job was n't for me .
It happens that one day a friend of mine took me to a Film Club session .
Secondly , the people you play with are very different too .
Another thing to consider is not having that open window to the world .
If you come to Linares could amuse you and if you come forward to work can do it
You can see the history of the Reconquets in its walls and towers .
Although there are many differences among these two , similarities can be found as well .
I sold 567 tickets at the price of 55 € uros .
One can not ignore that it 's more easy for young people to improve their knowledge than the older .
Its historical importance lies in the fact that this place represents the fall of the Muslim kinddom in my country .
It 's more comfortable , faster and preferable than have to run to take the bus , wait the train , etc .
I would like to take part in this experience during the summer , as I will have my summer brake during that period .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The scenery , the beauty of mountain and river , can only be enjoyed when you travel there on youe own .
Another experiment demonstrated a positive effect of garlic in blood system .
But , on the other hand , traffic jam or bad weather can make our trip inconvenient .
With the pain , doubts , hunger all crashing down on me , I was about to give up my fight for ultimate survival .
At the other side it 's impossible to imagine our life without computers and television .
Also , after people talked to her , they always wanted to talk to my mother again and are eager to be her friends .
I 'll take my time to practise everything I can at home .
But his mother refused her apology and ordered him to close the door .
It was an unforgettable experience . I will never forget it .
You have also common meat and basic food if you do n't want to try other types of food .
I feel that I have the right experience and qualifications to do this job .
I am a programmer who wants to write about programming languages and skills .
Most people who do sport want to be fit and stay healthy .
Our differences , it seems , do not make a difference .
The players have got a ball which has to cross at the other side .
For example , now the high - heeld shoes is very trendy but it costs a lot and the most woman does n't look good in it .
Firstly , the biggest reason that people 's live will extremely change in the future is because of technology .
As a teacher , it took me much of everything I have to come to terms to every pitiful fate of my students .
It may be a danger for family of a celebrity , politician , famous person , because of them some could broke up .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , that ha has planned two weeks ago
In fact , I enjoy playing volleyball because it is a fun sport which you can practise with a lot of people , eleven people concretely .
On the other hand , there are programmes which bring nothing new into our life .
The chefs take great care in selecting only the best quality food .
Response : In a scale from 1 to 5 , my Excel level is 4 .
Without travelling people would be very bored , life would be very monotunes .
I do n't like Narnia , but my favorite movie is probably 22 jump street , Lord of the rings , The tv - show : suits , The walking dead and maybe south park and family guy .
They help us to communication to the world and we have only twenty hours a day . We know more things and we loss more time for many interesting others .
It will be a great advance for people and for the atmosphere , and as well for the countries because we will save a lot of money
I will discuss the importance of English as a second language in Brazil .
Finally , I would like to know where will be the camps exactly because I need to buy the flights .
The advertisement can show that they are wisdom by using Trivogo service to plan an economically trip .
Now running , Peter soon found himself on the top floor .
All of that require further studies have been done and with that , we could know the feasibility of the projects and the size of them .
It 's heart of Poland and you will learn everything about work , education and people from here .
The connectivity derived from Internet provides the invaluable business tool for online banking .
Nowadays artists of the Theater try to keep that old school and develop their mastery .
After all the wise advises , his mother kissed him on his forehead .
I 'm very glad to inform you that I will be your college at the next six months .
Later , we realized the factories could be moved elsewhere .
I am very pleased to hear that you finally manage to open your restaurant .
Michael sat in the bus and take out his dairy to calculate how much he have to invest in the tennis court .
Nowdays , in school we learn a lot of subjects , which we less or more use in our lives , some of them are really important , but some of them are just wasting of time .
The main character is the father of one of the children .
I usually play sports like tennis or running but specially I am interested in living adventures , and I would like we could live this one together .
Also , as public transport such as metro do not need to face traffic , it is always faster way to reach office .
Every day scientists try to develop new ways to improve the way we live , so that we are hable to pollute less the planet .
While Peter is doing his homework , his best friend - Tommy , invited Peter to play football together at night .
These activities usually involve speed , height and a good level of physical training .
We like it because cafe has beautiful design and tasty food .After that we went to walk on embankment .
I do lots of grammatical mistake when I am speaking and writing .
I like to read too , my favorite type of books is horse books or just random books its hard to explain but I mean , books with daily action not sciene - fiction or romantic .
She was n't even given a small role in the play .
Response : In a scale from 1 to 5 , my English level is 4 .
we will know today some of information about Islam , Islam is great religion come from The Arabian Peninsula and its founded since 1436 years ago .
Only then I realised that there is nothing more to do , that I have to just wait .
Unlike the Internet , phone calls are really expensive .
Riding a bicycle also a kind of eco - friendly transportation .
At the end I 'm livid and exhausted .
This job is great because also I learn a lot of things .
I heard that the children which attend your camps are from all over the world .
Also , can you tell me what amenities there are near the school ?
But when they became more frequent and witnesses described huge , flurry , dark and terrifying creatures with blood - shot eyes , panic grew over the population .
I am a communicative person and I often meet with my friends .
Michael had no time to scream , he was already laying on the floor , by his mother 's side .
So it 's better to choose sport instead computer in order to relax , feel positive emotions .
But you know , decision is your and I can just somehow effect on it .
I am writing to apply for a job in the summer camp in the USA .
In today 's world , due to the fact the great comfort of cars , public transport is likely to disappear .
Moreover , I need to improve my skills such as reading , listening , writing , and speaking , they help me to catch up on my teacher ' s lesson .
The government plays a crucial role in taking care of the environment .
Our members are interested in world issues , leadership and management .
Sometimes I have an opportunity and desire to do something whereas I do n't know how to do it properly .
Algebra and geometry were the most important subjects taught by her grandfather .
Finally , every city hall is improving the care of the environment because there is an incentive programmes from the goverment like if they cut the spends of every house by 50 % city halls get more money from the central government .
The main reason for this is , that the TV is teaching us , because it is an important medium in our lives .
For this reason , I believe that in the future we will return to use a green combuster and public transport .
Without magic , the play would not have the same elements of humour .
A good amount of the population prefer to buy a car to go to the school , work place , church on a faster on comfortable way .
Overview , it is clear that the process of making bank notes begins with Design and ends with Disposal or Distribution .
Nowadays , famous people like movie stars , politicians , models and other celebrities suffer from lack of privacy .
These glaciers are habitat for polar bears and many other arctic animals .
I think you know that I have a friend which is a teacher .
I started shouting as my parents were out of sight , but nobody answered .
If you can keep promises to your friends , that mean how much you really care about them .
Michael had always felt alone and he was fed up with that situation .
In my opinion it is dependent on that , what we buy and with who we go to the shopping .
You have to make a test and they will give you a rating for it .
If you have said yes , grass hockey is for you .
It 's quite amusing to try figuring out what the life in the future could be .
The most popular retail stores are located in our famous mall called Leo Center .
Please refer to the good and bad points of your club in my view as below ,
I was 9 years old when it happened for the first time .
Overall , there are a number of causes to disagree with the suggestion , that individual transport is getting more and more popular in comparison with public .
Study says the cool water will cool the body temperature down and that means it will burn the body fat fast then the other sport .
Finally , we always believe that one hand can not clap .
The majority of people visiting Katowice are focused on three matters : sovenirs , fashion and food .
But later when I graduated , I realized how important were those subjects .
I have just seen your advertisement for a job in your summer camps .
I had 5 years of experience of managing , PR / marketing communications for leading brand nzmed companies:"Barbie","The Children 's World","My Toys".In these companies I was engaged in advertising of toys .
In our Badminton Club we have a lot of members over the age of sixty years old .
I 'm glad that I had a chance to do it .
Well I think you have chosen the best idea , because there are
I am writing in response to yor advertisement which I saw in " The Daily Magazine " last week .
People from other parts of the world are also heading for the same dream .
Next , skilled machinists is prepared , in which there are metal plates .
I 'm just so stupid to believe guys like you .
All social networks have their own pros and cons but certainly there are some social networks that affect more than others .
Then , the notes will be prepared with metal plates .After that , printing , the notes will be printred in colour on both sides with special ink and it will images sightly raised .
I remember you were saying something about planning to go to India .
It is a very beautiful T because -shirt I like the colour and the pattern .
Then , she realized that four indistinct strangers were staring at her as standing just beside bed .
With majors in linguistics ( to be more precise , the English and Chinese languages ) , I have recently garnered second higher education in psychology .
As parents of Tsz Huan , we are keen to work with the school and be part of their development .
Her parents had organised many contests , musical and karaoke .
Decisive actions of Yeltsin have been supported by most world governments and international communities .
In addition , few years ago the Big Theater was restored and had gained it 's original appearance .
Moreover , you can control your driving speed as fast or slow according to your mood and so you own your time .
Take part in the camp was wonderful because I helped for planning the activities .
I love the music like you and my favorite group is U2 .
For example , we should walk to go in a place whereas a car can park in the place which we want to go .
This not only makes them knowledgeable but increase their potential as well .
In conclusion , catastrophes such as drought have produced immense economic and social impacts .
I play basketball on my free time and hanging out with my friend from my old school .
Once people know all the benefits this sport has , they will need a space where to practice it comfortably .
The best option to relax is to be lying on the beach .
I have particularly interested in dealing with various types of foods and meeting new people .
For example , every day it seems that an extremely tight deadline is always chasing after me , and makes me breathless .
In any case , public transport is far from having no future .
Secondly , teacher can select subjects that are more useful for local culture .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he has made a mistake .
So , we actually done 8 projects since i came in and i had a good feeling through helping other people .
What happens in future will be decided by what happens now .
Usually I was a voluteer but I also was a part of few European Project where I was paid for my work .
Then , they will gather all rubbish to one place and burn or bury them .
Although I have written some disadvantages , public transport is better than private .
I think it is very important for children to have fun in the summer camps .
I 'm Michael , nice to meet you ' he said ..
Generally , the increase of temperature has resulted in a surge of hot days , and a drop of cold days .
one day he got fight with her sister , even he made her cry.both of them stop talking to each other and after some day the boy need laptop of her sister sukh .
Is it possible to choose which one is the best ?
Stop it . I am single for a while .
If you have that visa , you can travel and also work .
The italian name , Colosseo is quite close to english .
" Max , wake up ! " his mom said .
The projected sales of khan 's of Mango Co. Next year will begin at 150 thousands of pairs then it will go down a little bit in Feb .
I have just started teaching a new , face to face group of adults .
I quickly took my things and went out of the classroom hoping to arrive as soon as possible home .
Although we have many different views of the life we understand each other and are best friends .
Last winter I had been working as a coach in my basketball team with kids about ten years old .
We will be grateful if any of these problems were solved by the committee .
One can wonder , but we can find the reason in their Sangam Literature , written circa 300 BCE .
Nobody wants to have their private data to be exposed to the eyes of the government .
Indeed , the beauty of Moscow is enchanting and have unique spirit .
Apart from the natural areas , the minimual areas for forests and wetland have to be ensured .
By visiting museums we can learn interseting details about the history and culture of that society .
But this time will be another story because in order to save time and money we are going to use our own car .
There are many things that explain why I prefer football to other sports .
After the long sequence of events the remaining astronaut first got to the ISS then with Russian spacekraft moved on to the Chinese space station called TIANGONG .
I hope I can still play when I get to that age .
Micheal seemed to be really happy in this moment .
To me , falling in love , is to accept and admire those little things that exist in that human being .
But the best of all for me is the sinking of the ship , when it fell down to bottom of the ocean .
They ca n't withstand one day without skimming through their pages with a cup of tea in the morning .
One of the solutions I would give is to hand in study guides to the students .
The mobility of older people is certainly reduced if compared with a younger person .
So , based on what I have written , I think shopping is not always very happy . We can find something much happier than shopping easily .
Once on the car , he starts to drive like a maniac .
More recently , I can not forgot my husband and my daughter .
I got cold feet I could n't understand what was happening .
An argument some called was:'In case we remove this whole industry , then there would be an humangous group of peoole unemployed , and that would be a problem . '
If the government gives attention in improving the streets , decreases using cars , provides other transportation , and controls traffic jams by police , Riyadh will become a great city so the people do n't worry about going out .
My ex - husband taught me not to be involved with some kind of people by analyzing his behavior before commitment .
Art is something that is both functional and aesthetically pleasing to people 's eyes .
It is common we see parents having issues with their kids in reason to this kind of commercial .
It would be logical that we recycle the garbage as much as possible , and there are factories , where they use this technique , but in Budapest we usually do n't use much recycled goods recently .
I started leading trener in the competition and I love this sport .
The dominate colour will be white , but there will be some elements in more vivid colours .
I always have respect for my bosses and , of course , clients .
I need the services for a year so Can you provide those services ?
In my opinion , education is a way to improve our life quality .
I have to say , I am really upset about these changes .
The likes go out with friends and go to a parties , Richard has got a tortoise call " Peny " .
She taught me step by step how to prepare for life .
Secondly , I love its freedom ; no pun intended .
I 'm in the class 4B in Liceo Darwin in Rivoli .
As I told you before because of the technology many things has become able in less time , and with the pass of the years this tend to increase .
Although the number of cars are increasing day by day , however most of the people traveled through the public transport .Their limited income restrict them to buy cars .
In every historic period , artists have represented their life and what they feel in different ways .
It was my boss , he told me : " Go ahead ! , the project follows ! " .
There are two answer to this question , the first one is to who sees that it is right to exclude women from some jobs .
The perfect outfit can be a pair of trousers , a t - shirt and a jacket .
This essay will describe the positives and negatives social consequences of the robots , and possible implications in the future .
It is not completely developed but I can advance some ideas about its design .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had make a mistake .
Try to imagine that , if everyone in the city has his or her own vehicle , we would be always late due to the terrible traffic jam .
My name is Theodor Forsberg and I am 13 years old .
Our authority is more careful about the rules and regulation ; hence no - one can eschew the rules .
Families realize our mind so much ; However , our classmates or companies ca n't reach that because they do n't stay with us all the time .
Other important aspect it 's that I am a good organizer and I am a good team worker .
In addition , before playing , must warm up your body and relax your muscle after playing in case suffered injuries .
On the one hand , famous people try to hide thier life from journalists .
A football match is something special and you don t see the time that arrive sunday to watch your favourite club s match .
Fuji is the most wonderful place in Japan because its scenery is so beautiful , it is a popular place and it offers several exciting activities .
In addition , I will recommend the best kind of advertising for our needs .
We ran to the police station in the airport to apply for an emergency passport .
When I ride on the horse I feel myself much better and forget all of my problems .
it is a true statement about cars , travelling by car is so much more convenient and the new tecnologies apply to the
I really do n't like to travel by train or by boat .
I should n't have believe that you will change just for me .
Jose is not in my university but we are good friends .
So setting rules might cause them to do the exact opposite .
I believe that play soccer is an excellent activity , because in every game that the people can like always has to exist some rules .
I enjoy cooking so I always make different kinds of food .
Because all of the restaurants want to earn money , so they will just use cheap and not healthy ingredients to cook the food .
Moreover , you can go to eat " Paella " and ride around the " Albufera " of Valencia in a small boat .
I would like to express my total dissatisfaction with your latest measures .
I link a page of my school magazine where you can find my CV .
For short distance it is a good way to do exercise and to avoid contaminating .
Have you ever tried unsuccessfully more than 5 sports in only one month ?
In my opinion I am the perfect candidate for this vacancy .
Alex , I and my friends will go to the cinema at the weekend .
He darted towards the backyard , jumped over the hedges .
In recent years , governments encourage people to take public transport because of fuel crisis .
Regular exercising is potentionall so that he / she can build up strength and endurance
However does the claim really ring true , conforming the real situation ?
When we meet us and the two friends were walking side by side they look like Laurel and Hardly .
Also , his mother told him he would do better next time .
The theorists ascertain that the organisation is part religious and part political ; it rules over the international media , thereby being omnipotent .
The next day , me and my best friend went to play bowling and billiards . while my parents took my sisters ride a pony .
In addition , using this identification may assist parents , educators and clinicians to tackle the learning disorder .
I like beef and my favourite is a fillet of beef with béarnaise , it is a very good combination .
I 'm very happy for reading your letter and that you come to my beautiful country .
On the other hand it 's hard to implement this idea .
People tend to pick the junk foods as they do not get enough time for cooking at home .
I 'm still improving my English skills with a Canadian teacher .
I went to see the room of this poor man , called Mr Smith .
At some point during your hikes you can collect stamps in a special booklet .
For instance , when we enjoy the electronic commercial service and shop the goods on the Internet , the hacker may steal the private information at the same time .
There are also positive things that we have to take into consideration before to condemn it .
We do not have to concern to catch a bus or train at certain time .
We take a shower , we have breakfast and we go to work .
If we have extra time we can do the other activity whether you want .
When everybody took their photos , Emblem3 got backstage to get ready for the concert and after one hour it sterted .
In contrast , there are two different type of company in the technology industry .
The second argument is more related to everyone and has great influence .
Nowadays going to the gym is the new trend , but you do n't only have to do sport because it 's trendy .
I can tell you that I fell I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm Reading , but my main problem with English is of course when I must speak : I fell my self horrible without confidence , I think that always I 'm thinking in Epanish and after makind the translation to English , may be in this moment when I 'm writing this composition I 'm making the same wrong . I know that learning English is a large process but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual Pearson .
In the future , this tendency will be continuing more and more specific social networking sites between business and personal life .
Then we had free time for 1 hour , but soon we had to go to the airport to take the air and come back here .
If you prefer shopping outshide , taking a trip to King Street would be the the thing to do .
I am also quiet experienced in the kitchen . I am really into healthy nutrition and healthy cooking .
I 'm planning to work there for the next summer too .
My brother 's wife 's close relatives were also there .
An in the process of owning we have moving so ahead that a day will be there when we will strongly claim that public transport does not have any future .
For example , graffiti makers in Bulgaria are sent to prison for 4 years .
The plane will get me there quickly so that I can have
Firstly , it is a way to get out of the routine , occasionally .
Firstly it is clear that more house and transport networks is convenient for our people , what is knowed to us is that the population growth is a big problems , which is needed for more palce to living .
If I have to , I search the web for information and implement it but it requieres time .
But , provided that , you will have one of the best ninety minutes of your entire life .
Almost immediately the house was empty , and music turned off , letting Michael realise that his grandmother 's vase valued in £ 2000 was broken down .
I noticed that the first malfunction was safety lock which demanded applying of great force .
Perhaps is there some chance of acquiring knowledge during the development of the activity .
If the print sheets has good quality , they will packing and distribution.some partially damaged will cut into separate or packede or dispatched .The bad sheets will disposal , the destroyed will be secure .
Since I was a child , I had been curious to know how stuff works .
In my opinion I think that the increase of teenage crime is because their parents do not put limits to them , and how not pay attention , they make all kinds of serious mistakes .
Although she was n't pretty , she had an aura of importance .
I hope you can grant me the opportunity to have a meeting .
They can take care of us and love us in a very interesting way .
The work was done and Michael was proud because everything was done by himself .
Next we could ask for help to our community . I have some books in my library I could donate .
For those people there is always another option - public transport .
I took it to the hospital when it was sick , and bought it food when it needed to be fed .
I have an American girlfriend and she is very fluent in English because it is her mother language .
" The Exorcist " , the film .
He grabbed the body and put it on the car 's trunk .
I always work with many children , so I have experience managing and organising groups .
I have to mention the soups , especially the seafood soup .
I come from Hallstadt , in close vicinity of Bamberg .
I think the people know that his dogs litter the city but they prefer not to do nothing .
This directly affects the producing stage , allowing more efficient production .
Honestly , I do not like Nature Programmes so much because they are so boring !
Here you can find well - known brands as well as locally produced items .
Shopping is my favourite pastime , and I simply can not imagine anything more relaxing and joyful than spending my hard - earned money .
Going for a run is the best way to get your mind free and to think about nothing .
I really like antiques even though it is not much to look at .
While sleeping I can feel her rubbing my feet and touching my head .
life is stages , this stage of your life is timeless , no way out ..
although I do not know if this would always choose the machine .
There are a lot of bergains and cheap items on the market , which very often catches our eye but I want definitely warn you against it !
I also teach childring at the age of 10 or 11 how to play it .
Do you remember this famous quote from Romeo and Juliet ?
Most of all I enjoy playing volleyball and badminton .
He tried to push the door that led to the head of the engine , but it was locked from the inside .
Therefore , television commercial is likely the most suitable method to promote its brand in Hong Kong .
Since one day he met a girl , on the train , she was n't that beauty but she had , you know , that smile , so peaceful , so harmonic .
Finally , another advantage over private cars is that it reduced the traffic chaos .
New skills like analytics and data management are in demand .
I enjoy playing it so much because it 's really challenging .
Firstly , both those courses need to do a mass of practices , even the ways are different .
Bachelor 's paper [ 1 ] is one of the good sources of describing what does research mean .
Not long ago , I won first prize in math competitions in school .
Furthermore , abortion is very dangerous and a great number of women had been death with this .
Yes , she actually felt as if someone was pressing down on her chest by hands .
First of all , people visit museums to learn history of the visiting city . We know that museums generally established to expose special and unique belongings which are historically valuable as well as to expose modern belongings .
Due to the geographicall conditions where Japan is located aside Pacific Ocean , people here are adapted to eat raw fish and would like to put it as a main dish to serve customers in most restaurants .
In severe cases it causes nausea , vomiting or dizziness .
Walking every day is what I enjoy .
My favourite types of games are adventure , war , historical and horror .
It seemed not to be very expensive and was luxury and lovely .
On the other hand , some sports matches can make international relations worse .
I often participate in friendly matches to keep physical abilities up to the mark .
She kwew that he will be staying away for so long but she will wait .
For all the reason that I describe to you , I am sure that this summer good would be good for me , and for the Summer Camp .
I enjoy watching Tennis in my couch , is weird that I haven't played Tennis because where I live we do n't have that kind of sport , so I just can watch in my TV .
First and foremost , it can make contaminations to the environment , which can affect our health
At last , the population , in majority of the times , does n't matter to throw away the garbage on the street or in a prohibited area .
So , two of us had to share one bed , which is hardly acceptable
If you want to play this sport , I have to make a really big effort and try to train as much as possible .
I 'm going to celebrate my birthday next week in my house .
Nowadays almost everyone in the world has contact with computers and the great majority of them have been using the Internet .
Overcoming much prejudices and obstacles from her family , he proved to be a loyal and sincere man who Mimi can lay her hope on .
We play piano , sing favorite songs , play table games , we laugh a lot and love these weekends together very much .
For example , my student time , I used to take busses to go to school every day and come back home .
The thoughts which people put in her mind was absolutely wrong she ca n't deny that those thoughts affected her badly , reached her to the point that made her hate herself .
I also enjoy cooking and will be a great help in the kitchen .
While I was ringing the bell the neighbourh 's dog stared to bark .
To conclude , although social media seems flawless , we should always be careful and responsible before we sign up .
It was unsuccessful , and the politicians had to reverse their decision .
It was listed as a world heritage sight in December , 1987 .
Then after the third game I had a season - ending injury .
Admittedly , money is necessary for people 's daily lives , satisfying their basic demand .
The problems were n't so significant that we overlooked them , but now they become serious threats that we ca n't ignore .
The museum and the art gallery located in the capital city .
He forgets of everything when he plunges into his Neverland .
The lesson is not very well , she was interested in other dogs and she was not listening .
This means we will lose a part of our national history .
I have attached my curriculum vitae and the two requested sample publications .
One band I like is One direction I think they sing really good .
Besides influences on education , robotics has an effect on medical treatment , nursing and even design to future war as well .
I like very much to cook and I think that there are some activities that we can do on the kitcken , like to cook cookies or make fresh bread .
how are you ? I hope that everything is all right .
At this point , lack of money might be a blessing in disguise .
The Museum is stay in Guanajuato , Guanajuato .
Eventually , the citizen becomes part of a very meticulous recycling process by looking up to the cost .
I do n't know myself why , but I almost every day go on the street in order to exercise .
It has helped me to stay focused and improve my concentration , too .
Finally , people can know the biggest shopping center of Spain , the situation of this shopping center is in the national street 445 in west of the city .
Socializing online help us to contact with our friends by easy way in different places and this way cost us money .
Because two days ago I 've read an article , by Nadine Bös , about this topic .
He recommended me to write in order to apply my English knowledge .
I told my friends and family members the importance of University Education to our community .
In this day the students had the oppportunity to hear very interesting things , but not as they were in a class during a traditional frontal lesson .
He was always talking about follow your dreams and never give up .
Suddenly a loud noise was heard in the room and I woke up .
A long time I haven't seen my father so happy . secondly , seeing how big is the family now , many children .
For instance , some people discarded cigarette or match which is unattended like barbeque or campfires .
Often , dealing with new situations does not help us to feel comfortable .
She 's always happy and laughing , and never gets angry when I get nervous !
Speaking just your native language is not enough to work or to travel .
Hi ! My name is Ester , I was born in Danderyd and
Finally , I see that I have very high marks in education but not have the ability to work in the real life because in Egypt there is the worst education .
the more remind myself to get up early , the more things i need to do .
I am studying Civil Engineering and I am a very energetic person , and I think that this ability is essential for the job that you are searching .
I was a little worried because i love my sister but she was younger and i had a lot of work .
So , having a good time - management have become important in my study .
One thing leads to another and we ended up having a beer and laughing in a pub .
we have to invest our love , dreams , patient . and as a result we can create the best house ever .
NICE TO HEAR FROM YOU AGAIN .
The pain was excruciating but I just had to move on as if I ever hoped to survive my ordeal !
You can find many shops there with second - hand clothes you taste .
I usually wake up at around nine O Clock in the morning and spend the day by reading newspapers , books , and also digitalize some video tapes .
My available time is on Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays .
Then she thanked her parents , and started to enjoy the party .
I recommend you to visit the beach because it is fantastic in hot days .
In this picture there is a man behind a counter in a shop .
I took part in many international marketing products about how to create advertising correctly .
Simply by thinking of a specific location , we can go there in a split second .
I ca n't wait to have that car of yours ' Michael said .
I think if you 're a comedy fan you will be excited to see the movie and even if you 're not the movie is a must see .
Nowadays , many young people use more and more social networks to speak to each other .
However , these services are very expensive , and not everybody can afford them .
With the badminton club in our city we traveled to different city 's and countries .
And then he rushed away trying not to be late for work .
You start live on your own , make your own decisios and plan your future .
Do you like to socialize and meet new people ?
Nevertheless , Trivago designs a tagline in the television commercial .
My grandpa lives in Spain with my step grandma but she is like my grandma .
Really , I told you that I was like a little bit future girl who has dinner regularly with two portion : soup and meal deal .
They not only help me in every match but also share me everything in daily life .
I am writing because I would like to achieve the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) .
The learning style is a traditional learning that is usual thing in my country .
It can enhance its creditability as the audience can clearly to know what its service is .
I believe that if public transport has no future , then our environment will not have it either .
The parents called her , but she did n't answer .
For this reason I think that friendship is so important thing in the life .
I really enjoy playing it because it 's very exciting because everything could happens .
If you hire me , you wo n't regret .
Nowadays there are many people who practise sports , but other people prefer just watching them .
The man has already saved 500 dollar but it is not enough .
Besides , it will be always useful for people ca n't drive .
I think that you made a great choice by visiting Timisoara .
The butterfly feeling in my stomach started to appear .
If he was afraid of the water it is not recommended to practice this sport , or be able to break down his fear would be a great goal .
He took a look at it and saw a message from his wife .
They may not consider the public interest and not give precedence to other users .
Well I explain in this article about one museum that is considerate : " The Best in Mexico " , but why ?
However , some people say that public transport have no future , they might be right.ple do n't agree with it , they prefer travelling by car .
Researchers should not give up when face hard problem with the research and keep try by different ways to solve it and they will do it at the end .
But after a while he thought about something bigger , huge and more expensive .
You can buy all you can imagine there but one of them is really extraordinary .
2 ) explain which dishes Italians usually and what time of the day .
The same feeling he had when he saw it .
Indeed , it is true that travelling by car is much more convenient .
During the last months , we could see a huge number of new movies issued by many famous European and American majors .
Regarding acting , taking into account that it is a big - budget film there is not much to say .
I was so glad to read your letter about your new job .
I know that this is something strange but I really enjoy it .
I have worked for last 10 year as a teacher in junior school .
Some professional companies even offer their employees free public transport pass as a benefit .
Furthermore , going on a hike among trees with a cool breeze around you can be the kind of place that allows you to forget the busy ciy life , though .
In my opinion , my social interaction balances my life more than does my working experience .
I 'm having a very nice time in Seville though .
As children liked soft toys , I sewed teddy bears .
Did the people have the same opinion that there is no future for transport , and we only can use horse ?
It concisely depicts the devastation and destruction caused by natural disasters .
Otherwise , this situation will have a detrimental effect on the taxpayers .
Not only do student learn more in their studying , but also they help students understanding many facts in our life better than any other ways .
All this began because the first telephone that I received It was faulty .
First , I want to attend an English university abroad .
To enhance our parent - child relationship and facilities our understanding of her school and social life , we participate in kindergarten 's volunteer group .
But on the other hand , we can have too much imagination and to be disappointed with the truth .
Anastasia 's song tells a story of a victim , meanwhile the others talk about women that fell guilty because they have hurted men .
The governor of my city seek to develop it and he said it will be the capital of delta actually after 30 years ago
In conclusion : The way of teaching is changing in the last few years all over Spain .
The first thing that comes to mind on this subject is technology .
I studied in Al Qassim University and my major Microbiology .
Additionally , climate change relates to natural disasters also causes farming which has triggered death and forced people as well as animals leave their home . More seriously , climate is continuingly changing and still contributing to natural disasters .
There is no clear answer but the sure thing is we are humans .
Fernando is a young man , he likes to hear English music .
When home is empty , teenagers feel free to spend all the time lying on the couch , playing videogames or watching awful programmes on TV .
In a result , I think if traveling only by car is not a wise choice for earth although it is convenient .
So , it can also help to reduce the traffic jam problem .
If we do n't start to face this problem , we will hurt this planet we live in .
I always try to motivate them with some educational play and I make them understand how important it is the group .
All of a sudden he heard somebody knocking at the front door .
I really like to do sports because I like to be outside .
Nowadays , pollution is a plobelmatic that we have to solve before it gets worse .
It does not matter what amount of money is in their accounts .
It was taken on the embankment of Khabarovsk .
Graffiti covered the lower portions like a twisted skirt , doors missing , and windows gone .
So , I think the government should have to draw a proposal to solve the problems between the use for urban and counry .
However , the economic aspect is very important to consider when we talk about convenience , cars are the most expensive ones .
To begin with , foreign movies and TV programs are more stimulating .
This way , I could choose the one which I prefer .
He was very angry , so he told her : " if you leave , do n't come back to me , nevermore . "
In this way , the kids are always up for the challenge and do not give up upon their first obstacle .
That day is one of the memories I appreciate the most .
Then she and her friends went out , and walked through all the town until early morning .
Alison ran along the nocturnal streets of France .
It helps audience to better recall the advertisement and stored it in long - term memory .
Thus , this study concluded that in around 50 years from now , people will have worked , fed , showered and even lived without leaving there homes .
In addition to it the service well accompanies the high quality of the cooking .
Unfortunately , the music was a bit too loud for my taste .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
Tomorrow I 'm going to play soccer with my friends .
Today , I will mention about one of the iconic places of Vietnam which you can not miss when travel to Vietnam .
I love to do joking in the morning and then to do a lot of exercises for my legs and arms .
If I were to start my new sport career , I would choose a good medical care at fist .
I really would enjoy doing this job in the summer because I love to look after children , learn things to them and sport with them .
I am going to explain why I think there is not future for the public transport .
We were on the terminal of New York it was a very famous landmark .
In the year 2020 there was conflict between Japan and the United states .
In that way , we can enjoy all that new technology from today , and all the enjoyable tv - programms !
On one hand , it is enviornmentally friendly to use public transport rather than cars .
My first job was an assistant of my financial accounting 's professor .
With the advance of technology , a lot of problems have come to pass , the natural resources are becoming in storted , and the air pollution is getting worse .
you must think a little bit before you talk as one word causes a lot of pain for others for the rest they lives .you may not actually notice that but you will feel what am really mean if someone tells you a painful words .
Here are some of my reasons for thinking that public transport is important .
No doubt people need to move from a place to an other .
As always after having fish for dinner he had a strange dream .
First of all , public transport bring us closer to other people .
It 's a beautiful place for every generations in nature and you can spend there all day .
The idea of writing a blog triggeredmy mind as well .
They are very happy with me , because my marks is good .
Furthermore , it would be useful having a chronometer to check out your improvement .
If I quote you on my work , I might score a few extra marks .
People at the restaurant are very kind , the treat you in a very polite way and is worth going there
I did not see the planets nor meet any sexy alien girl from Saturn .
To start with , it is an essential feature in our lives .
We will have equipment that will prepare meals for us with only one pressing a button .
I wish I could spread the idea of reading among young people .
Consequently , I drank the alcohol on the table , looking for , my friend , a bride .
From this point view , the decreasing of business should cause by other factors , but not skateboarded users .
I have worked two years in a well know coffee franchise and previously three years in famous patisserie as a chef assistant , giving me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge about cooking .
Working as IT engineer , I can afford 2 - 4 short term trips per year , and I always take this chance .
I did several school trips in the past years and I 'm going to do it again sure .
She is regreting because their relationship get worse and it was n't what she supposed it could be .
Most importantly , all species of animals and human being are the part of this ecosystem .
There comes a moment when it 's more than just a game .
On the other hand , music is the best for relaxing and enjoy .
In conclusion , I think it 's important to know both their own countries and foreign lands .
TORREBLASCOPEDRO , 5 AUGUST , 2014
The weather was fantastic , I love bathing in the sun and resting on the hot sand on the beach .
I Love the beach , because I can swim , go tanning , and dive in to the ocean and ser all kind of fish .
Surprisingly , people support this project and every year the number of bicycles rented raises .
I was always fascinated by this American tradition to make a resolution list .
I spent two years in translation hundreds of assays in different fields for higher education students .
It is beneficial for both the upper and lower achiever because they can assist or get help from each other .
I am writing to you to request if I may be considered a place in your program .
sometimes I feel tired of walking especially in the sunny days with a high temperatures , but that ca n't let me stop doing this sport .
The detectives analysed what was in the glass and it was poison .
He was curios about how he will feel when he goes into the room .
They may say that having excellent knowledge or a field of study is the way to success in school or work .
Another solution is to not waste water while we are washing dishes .
Also we can go to some parks that I think are incredible there .
Respecting these rules is the first step to understand them and avoid some conflicts .
The old town is an historic and cultural center where a great part of the tourism is focused in .
I moved with my family from Jordan to Saudi Arabia in 1995 .
I love the show , because it is completely thrilling and scary .
Cancer , for instance , is surely one of the preferences for the companies that invest large amounts of money in R&D.
Also , people today tend to get higher degrees than people in the past .
Generally , bus drivers are much more experienced than automobile ones , therefore , accidents caused by public transport happen quite rarely .
One day sophia got really excited with an advertisement about barbie doll and she could not think about anything else than having this toy .
Nowadays we can see that each time more public transport need to improve the quality of your services , the people daily need this kind of transport go to work , go to school and in general depend so much of the public transport .
The purpose of the survey was to discover popular leisure time activities of male and female students .
This giant scary bunny was just in front of him .
Teenagers usually do n't know what to study because they feel confused .
Please contact me by telephone + 41 61 123 45 67 at any time .
There are massive online libraries like Science Direct or Google Scholar to find publications of researchers around the world .
Nowadays the healthy habits of young people are very different than in the nineties .
Peter began his slow dissent into the bowels of the building in front of him .
Such as , ideas and learning more the best methods to analyze data .
When we used the car , for general , one person is the unique who is accustomed to using your own car , so not is exploiting the potential of this car .
It 's interesting because Lucy 's mom discovered a wall in their farm , that
You can work at a university as a lecturer and get a high salary .
For example , some people design their own clothes and they sew it too .
There is a large number of African children , who suffers with the lack of food and clean water .
She was doing all the routine activities automatically , thinking in her next journey .
We have to bear in mind how important the environment is to us .
The party continued with a splendid dancing until seven in the morning .
When , students catch the idea of any topic it will be easy to understand all issue related to it deeply .
Besides , it 's harmful and makes earth environment more worse for emission so much carbon dioxide .
The most attractive resource in Cáceres is its heritage .
This was what I did in my vacations , I did n't do a lot but I loved my vacations .
I 'm sure i 'll agree that the Red Square is the most popular sight in captial of Russia .
In the afternoon , I do my art exercises or read books .
Now , when I swim at the open pool , I am overfilled by positive emotions .
From the reasons mentioned above , it is obvious that the doomsday of public transport is definitely not something down the line .
Furthermore I should probably mention the enormous amount of advertisements that every single day people are forced to watch once they have switched on this box .
First is a soup , the most popular is chicken soup .
Well , I think you should n't give up either .
In the future , it will probably we can almost everything using mobile , but we might pay attention in how this affects our life .
With reference to my character , I am very organised , friendly and determined .
It was ridiculous that I did n't have a girlfriend .
The US always keep " rule by law " as their catchphrase , but Occupying Central is betraying the Hong Kong law .
Suddenly , the streets of the village were witnesses of the dreadful crime .
And that 's one of the lessons I consider a gem to keep to myself forever .
It 's the funniest sport in the world , kicking the ball , you are kicking the bad energies of your life , you will be infected of passion .
I think that a clock would be useful as well as necessary for her .
Our request boils down to the fundamental role of education .
I think we live very quick , always running , we do n't enjoy our lives .
This went on until the last day of our trip .
In Canada , the vehicles per capita is 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
Public transport is more convenient than cars , many ways.when we use public transport that benefits many ways .
It is like you would be isolated from the world , just you and the ocean .
National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) points out that the most consumption of beverages for a teenager per day is sugar sweetened soft drinks .
Moreover , I have education in the field of customer service since I finished a customer service training course at George White College .
I 'm a cheerful person so I would attempt to give my best for receiving the attention of the children .
However , the allocation of household budget for Misc , which was the least among other categories in 2010 ( around 15% ) , fell by 10% in 2010 from around 15% to approximately 5% respectively .
Sustainability is about found the better way to interact with the environment .
I suppose their lifstile intolerable , resteless and I really sympothise with them Magotity of outstanding and appreciated people are frustrated .
However , a lot cities have a problem about traffic , cause of this trouble that citizen do n't use public transporte such as autobus , taxi , or even metro .
Secondly , we have and amazing script that can be considered unique .
I know that my old man Navarro is the one to have sweaty hands now !
The think because I enjoy these sport is I feel free when I am in the water , it is so relaxing and I red it is the most completely sport because you work the whole body .
We had our own trainer , which was a man who played football before .
They may hurt these people , they may ruined their life just using a bad word .
I think I 've neglected to explain one thing to you ?
In fact , she was still cringing at that ugly thought .
I had the opportunity to be a student and work as a research assistant with Dr. Montés in the same field .
She was shocked and apologized about a mistake she did not commit .
She made herself a cup of a very aromatic coffee and she did n't even burn toasts as usual !
As the concert finished , I heard someone call my name .
Another good point : we have converted our next door neighbour !
The young Polish very grateful replied to the woman : " Thank you , it hasn't to make any present "
We 've had , for example , Hugh Williams and George King .
I leave home at 7:30 to take a school bus .
DANTE LOZANO .
I have had 5 years ' experience working with children as a language teacher .
He is still in his twenties and he has studied computer engineering .
In conclusion , we are assisting to a new tend in transport , every time , they are faster and more developer , with the latest technology included but at the oppossite case , we find also a contradiction , as we found an other trend for the tradictional transport which avoid the pollution in order to respect the Earth
It is not always easy for me to speak in another language constantly .
I am writing this letter for a complaint about the CPU that I bought last week .
Gradually , we got to know each other and soon we became best friends .
After that we went to the backstage and spent some time with the band .
In summary , learning a language is something beautiful , useful and entertaining .
Secondly , travelling in public transport makes much easier to travel at rush hours or on those moments in which you should not take the car
Not everyday you leave your country without knowing when and why you will come back .
The government should renovate the buildings which would be a great shelter for homeless people .
It could be nice and give you more opportunity to do whatever you want and do n't lose heart at the beginning could be difficult but bit by bit you will see your progress .
In conclusion , traditions should be cherished and kept alive for future generations .
My previous employers are happy to be contacted should you need a reference .
Very luckily , a beautiful girl sat on my bench .
And how could I have known that she would change my life forever ?
People choose pleasant entertainments instead of talking about a death , a suffering and a self - sacrifice .
A couple years ago I have spent a couple weeks in Bright with Ef .
But we can do online shopping , which seems to be easier sometimes .
On the other hand , travelling by car is getting for popular than it ever was with development of science and technology .
Even though I always thought that doing any task with family is baseless but after my marriage I understood an importance of family who always want to make happy .
Its penalties , depends on the severity , could include fines , licence suspension , community services or imprisonment .
All of them anxious to get outside and relax for a few hours Suffering from an endless punishment : knowledge .
It 's much faster much more convenient than using public transportation .
İn the event there will be charged entertainments for all age groups , there will be live music , we also have a lottery which will be going on .
Everything was dark except for a ray of light that probably started at the end of that way .
If I were a student that usually studies in a library I would definitely try to study on a computer .
He had to take the man 's body and hide it somewhere .
So , I suggest you try to get a working holiday visa of Korea .
On the one hand , personal cars are great because they allow people to travel whenever they want .
Write to me back as soon as you decide when you want to go to the park . I 'll go with you with a pleasure .
How many of us today are really into helping the environment .
Nobody has to be worried about the vacuum or the broom because it is provided by the Government .
More than 12 million people live in our town .
However , public transport lacks some advantages only found when using our own car .
But there was only one who knew what and where that explosion had occurred .
we need at least 45 minute , per day , or at least 3 times a week .
Of course , people usually do not need all of those things .
It 's so relaxing and very informative , I never get bored .
It is important to notice that the difficulty to carry out the changes towards the new teaching approach- referred to above- lies not with the students themselves but with the old generation of teachers , since they sometimes have trouble applying the new outlook on education methods .
It is definitely a hard job to do when we want to change People 's culture .
Sprinted towards what seemed like flames , only to find Rasheed standing across it , blood protruding from his right hand .
Living alone you have to make friends when you 're sad .
As a free lance , he has to invest in his ideas , hoping that someone will like his stories and buy them .
My father lives in Pordenone and he sells cars .
Besides seeing touristic or historical places , and attending open air activities people also want to see museums of the city they visited .
The food for them and their living space might not be enough .
For all these reasons , I think that travelling by car is better .
We must have strong leaders who will strive for a beautiful world .
Not only is sport when you feel sweaty , but also you do a lot of exercise .
If the French and British spoke the same languish evenly , the trade would go up by 44 per cent .
For this reason , it is a perfect activity to do sport and enjoy .
I went to our new shopping centre last week at the downtown .
We shouted and two waiters of the hotel came quickly .
Now a day , every child can get more and more resource from their parents because of less competing by other child .
First of all , public transport provide the experience of the journey .
I am writing in regard to some important documents I left in your hotel room during my stay .
In 1810 have been a war for indepedent of Mexico many people were fight with other people ; for example : Miguel Hidalgo is considerate : " The father of indepedent " and he was to fight with monarquia Spanish .
Frustrated Laura accepted her new life of solitude outside of the secret society of the others .
Where do you actually learn more , at school or on placement ?
You can only arrive at ' A Fervenza ' walking or riding a bike , but it is impossible to get there by other ways .
According to the scientific research mental health is closely connected to the physical one .
Predictable , some of the solutions will remain intact .
Dos & Don'ts
If that terrible night did not happen , what is happiness ?
Furthermore , the biggest group of positive feeling students in the present is live with various nationalities .
As you can imagine , they are confidential and they should be handled with caution .
I am writing to tell you that I ca n't go to the marathon with you , because the distance is too long for me , I 'm not fit enough for this .
Moreover , I am currently undertaking a Chef Training Course which provides me , not only practical but also theorical knowledge .
On the other hand , travelling by car is more convenient and safe .
To begin with , acquiring the knowledge in today 's world is not a difficult things than it was in the past .
The news in CNN including events which are happening all over the world .
However they think that basketball is only a reason to meet all the family , friends ...
This way helps them also to explore the job market , some jobs are in great demand compared to others .
I 'm happy to live here because the air is clean and fresh and we have o problems with the rubbish .
Paxton had arrived at Seaburght to in Hotel .
Using the public transport makes us arrive late because it stops many times .
I like alot of artist and a lot of different music genres .
On the one hand it is more convenient to have a car .
To sum it up , graduating from an English university and then becoming a programmer are currently my mine aims .
Only after a while , after a few quick and short breaths occurred to her that she fulfilled her biggest dream .
I consider myself to be a cheerful , energetic and hardworking person .
The change of climate leads a lot of terrible things to breaking out .
That is why every university should offer such classes .
The fact that you can travel anywhere at any time is undeniable .
Max was so anxiuos to see all the different kinds of wildlife .
Last time it was for example delivering my drunk boss home ;)
The party was held in a large garden near the bridegroom 's fathers ' house .
I am from a little town and I must wait one hour to go to the city center .
When you do a technique successfully on your opponent , you feel more confidence .
Secondly , family members always know what we are thinking about .
Over the course of history , life has constantly changed .
Here , in this country there are typical dishes , desserts , drinks .
Karate made me strong and let me know how to face something I scared before .
Everyone needs an instant answer to what they asking for , if they send an email you must received it in less than 1 minute .
I took a first aid course last year in order to know what to do in case of unexpected accidents .
Even if all meals were delicious and plentiful , you could also drink or eat special snacks while you were on the sunny beach .
Luckily the scouls are closed per ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have much time to spend the
Your consideration and acceptance of my application will be much appreciated .
Televison not only provide entertainment it will give lots of information about the happenings around the globe .
At the end theintruders turn out to be ghosts that
He had n't seen her when he had gone into the room .
Tarragona and surroundings are a good place to visit and to know their culture .
Second , I tell you what you can do to deal with it .
For instance , it is really motivating for students to use technology in the classrooms .
Some people enjoy the sight of scenic beauty ; some are attracted towards places of historical and archaeological interests .
Also you are able to choose a place to go depend on how you feel .
The young couple of lovers fell on the floor and Michael got away to his home .
I think everybody knows the importance of having a person , who is always there .
Speaking for myself , I think that the pros outweigh the cons .
In my home country , there are many different kinds of business culture and custom .
You can see international channels and live shows around the world , something that in the past could be too good to be true .
Try to not to eat a very substantial meal in evening and in the morning
We have a lot of shopping facilities , it is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops since clothes shops , pets shops , food shops , shoes shops , accessories shops , toys shops , presents shops and much more types of shops that know I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need it is not incredible ?
I would readily meet the challenges of the job and handle the responsibilities .
We frequently discussed various hard problems in the scope of the course , and I was impressed by his analytical abilities .
Also , you can put clothes and shoes that you do n't need it for Africa children .
In my country there are many interesting places to visit and is a country to improve with your job , also is easy to start a job.there are many jobs access and many different types of jobs .
This is a guide for you , I hope it can help you a little .
The teacher asks the students to report about the check results .
My favourite sport is football .I think , this game is the most enjoyable .
It is not quiet and it is active city in a different ways .
People were singing and shouting - they all seem to be really happy .
Also , people could have a good relationship when they have a good sense of humor .
Supporters also claim that , it is vital for some countries which are struggling with famine .
Provided that renewable sources will be developed enough , we could live without pollution .
They did n't have mobile phones because it happened a long time ago .
I am going to Spain to visit my grandparents .Then I am going to Paris to look forward my aunt .
The first 30 years all was going good , but suddenly something bad happened .
After he knew the truth , he moves to London for his job .
I am encouraging to those people who do not like practicing sport that it the best way to maintain your own health
It 's a team gameplay where you have to start and stop like in aerobics .
He arrives to Real Madrid 5 year ago and he is the best player of the team .
The amount of talking done by the students was more that pleasing .
What do you think ? We could go on Sunday morning .
Transportation is very important in our daily life and in this modern world we live in , the very least that we expect from almost anything is inconvenience .
Jake was able to enjoy its multicultural environment and its great cultural initiatives .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
Even after the end of the match assaults occurred between supporters of the two teams .
It started a few years ago when I was a little overweight .
As I mentioned above , advertising campaign must be appropriate to the target market .
He remembered one of the awful dreams he used to have as a child .
This means that they are between 20 and 30 years old .
Maybe I could check if I can bring you some free tickets for the public transport .
I really like it because this is not game in which You only play of ball .
After day of heavy rain , the water level became dangerously high because the riverbed can not withstand the water when it out of its limitation .
But how is it possible to persuade citizens to make a right choice ?
Consequently , what are the reasons of my change of heart ?
Nowadays have a car is very expensive because you have to pay a lot of thinks .
FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY 'S
If you need further details how to arrive at my apartment write to me soon .
Every single word causes a gesture , a thought , a change in the others .
Sunday morning , Tom was walking as usually when he saw a big poster with a picture of a big motorway .
According that , I recommend you to visit Tyskie Brewery in Tychy .
Those pancakes are called " poffertjes " .
I have written many poems , few articles and even a few stories .
I believe that we haven't never thanked her what she did and do for us .
My future career in teaching would be greatly enhance by earning a degree at your university .
First of all , let me address the title of this article .
In the first place , we have to know why we evaluate .
The aim of this experience is also having fun and great time with you .
If the weather is nice , they could definitely take a trip to Kleť .
Young people may like to take a walk in king garden , there is sakura trees .
It 's for that we need to improve our mobility skills and private transport , as a car , allows us to achieve more efficiently our goals .
In the following paragraphs I 'll tell you what they told me .
And some people have already switched to use public transport like trains or buses .
However , the attitude that I have is not very appropriate for entrepreneurship .
I usually take the public transport for going to the University , because the public trasnport is cheaper than the car .
It will sabe lots of plants and animals , it will save the environment , so it will save me and you .
Food ! You must try the varies food in my country as the food are delicious and special .
I love her but she scares the hell out of me .
So , we use trains , buses and bikes to transport from place to place .
I am applying to this position because I would like to work as organizer .
Two months waiting for an answer was too much time .
My town is a very good town for taking care of the environment .
The consumers from traditional branch banking moving towards using electronic delivery channels like personal computer ( PC ) and mobile phones is the most fundamental changes .
Flamengo is the best team of Rio de Janeiro .
You will expend the same time travelling by bus or walking , but the difference is to get angry or not .
Some are happy to stay put because they would find it very stressful to endure change .
In conclusion I think that we on track for the next years .
Furthermore , sometime people with a sense of humor can help others to conquer the difficult issues .
Celebrities and their life take intrinsic place in lifes of contemporary people .
Her favorite food is crab and her favorite drink is a good white wine .
There is no future for public transport since everybody prefer to use their own car .
Today we can try to imagine how our lives can change in the next 50 years , if it will be better or worse .
My husband and I appreciated very much that you are receptive to new ideas .
The biggest anecdote , that I have with my friend , was our trip to Disney world .
Public transport means such are trains , planes and buses are known as the most cheap and used by all travelers , and the coast of using them is something that suits the people who earn not so much money .
I think that my pronunciation will be good when I can speak for a long period of time and in all life aspects .
For the poorest Brazilians Lula and his history is to be proud of .
I attended many training courses in different fields like computer , human resources , English language that held in Baghdad , British council in Amman and last one was in London at luminous language solution .
You should forget fast food like McDonald 's hamburgers !
- The second best place is a private disco for youngsters .
I resigned from my last employment because the restaurant had been closed for a long refurbishment .
The series provides an unorthodox view into the lives of eight people that are connected by some sort of magical spirit .
I would like to advice for the children who give yours first steps in this sport that is which perseverance and effort you can achieve great treasures .
Nevertheless , the nitrate supplementation did not change the lactate level significantly .
2 . I should stop thinking in Spanish and more in English since translating might be confusing .
Because young people often do n't like to be belittled .
Thus , it fits perfect for those people who have a bad relation with their families .
Fear of seeing granny at night is stronger than anything else .
Another transformation , which is corollary from the advances that humanity have been seeing lately , is the modification in the cities and our living habits .
People who needs to go in the same direction , meet each other and use only one car .
I would like to say that my favourite sport is birdwatching .
I get a greater passions in engineering so as to create some device to help them to have a more comfortable life .
We knew we had a competition and that it was a really hard one .
I am actually studying a marketing and market research degree at Malaga 's University , in September I will start my last year of course , which I hope to finish next year .
In general all the things described before show how important is reading to exercise the brain .
I saw it with my family , my children and my husband , we had a good afternoon .
In France the level of education is the main reason for hiring someone .
I was thinking she was my responsibility , but it ca n't be the same every time .
Finally , I have interest in technology , environment and science .
Yet , our most rewarding action has been starting a compost .
Enjoying an activity with a nice view is relaxing to people .
My dream is that I want to open a Center for Language Learning ,
Football is my favourite sport and I enjoy it because it is an aggressive game and fun .
When Tom has arrived home , he has explained to their parents all related to the campaign and they have been very happy
In addition , supervision of the protecting steps need to be undertanken by the government .
The article states that the most efficient substituer of internal - combustion engines will be fuel - cell engines , because of their several advantages , while the lecture refutes this point by stating hydrogen does not have so many advantages .
In addition , your proposal to provide additional equipment for the gym and a wide screen TV for the snack bar did not get applause in our home .
One example is what happened with / to my cousin Patricia when she had her first child called Sophia .
So an important historical place is the St. Katherine 's castle .
But you will love the movie and you will want to see others one so go and watch that movie .
Some places have scenic beauty in abundance while many are famous for their architectural wonders .
As a consequence , they never talk to each other since then .
Also , planting more trees instead of cutting them to purify our breathing air and reduce air pollution .
Medicine should have won a lot of diseases and maybe it could be ready to overcome aging .
1 ) tell to Alison that I 'm glad to help her .
Now , the toughest questions . I 've got no clue what to do with the ceiling .
It was the story about black maids who worked for white families during 1960 's .
What a gargantuan sacrifice of self - esteem and reputation they had given up !
Finally if you want to find a job for three months Barcelona is a good option to stay .
They are transport by land , by air , by sea and by train .
I also like Stolen Dance with Milky Chance because it 's a soft song .
From my point of view , this restaurant have one drawback , the waiters and waitress do n't go on the table , you should go to your food and drink .
You must find the bus stop on the side of the car park .
I would recommend this book to the people of all ages because it has something for everyone .
I 'm so pleased you 're waiting for me .
He took a sheet of paper and a pen and started to write .
It was a cold winter afternoon in England when Michael was born .
I 'm also very good at sports , I practice trak & field and pingo pong so sports are n't a problem either .
If you want to go to the cheap shopping , you have to go to the Teremky .
After that , Michael decided to bring it up because the frog was very ill .
It might be more boring way to my home but I like it for the price .
This is because there is a huge number of water usage presenting in people 's daily life , they just need to be collected to filter waste parts .
. you can experience 19 century Korean imperial architecture and Korean traditional custom .
I am very interested in the job , because I would like to work this summer for you .
Moreover , we have still a lot of things which we can and must improve like travelling security , comfort and economic sources .
every evening he takes the bike and rides across some paths for more than forty kilometers by day , so he is very good rider and its quite strong to ride with him .
Living abroad , even though for a short time , it could be very stressful and people can feel homesick .
These cities do n't allow to drive in the centre city , the industry reduces its taxes if it 's increasing the politic nature .
Specifically , they learn to take responsibility when taking care of pets .
Using the public transport is " healthier " than the car for the environment because inside the bus can travel twenty three humans and is only one vehicle , however it would be twenty cars .
I hope that in the future there will not be any war by the economic crisis .
I enrolled on different courses about children development and currently I am working as an au pair where I have to speak English .
- feel drowning down when they are about falling in sleep(so they know it will happen )
I 'm writing to you in connection with your volunteer project , whose
Then if you want we could go to the restaurant of the city
Today , I 'd like to share with you a small but historic story , also together with my own view on it .
I do n't have really an opinion I just do n't know.we will wait and find out .
Also , this practice is the primary consideration for an efficient post anaesthesia care ( Scoot , 2012 ) .
A modern interpretation of Austen 's Classic Love Story
I enjoy running , fresh air , warm sun and slight wind .
The government are opposing to invest in public infraestructures , because the benefits are lower every year .
First of all , I would like to thank you for offering to look after my house and my bird pet while we go on holidays .
You can choose from a variety of dishes in their menu - sushi , maki , " etc .
Although I knew that there is some conflication between England and Scotland , but the vote has really shocked me .
Some people argue that , when the weekend is coming they wonder what to do just for one day!They would like to have a rest .
I go to the cinema regularly to stay in touch with new coming 's .
Car companies try to spread electric cars but it seemed to take a long time .
The minus of this work is very big salary and i think that i will work at this cinema on the next summer .
As I said before all of it needs time and a great number of studies .
While he was standing on the pavement tears of resentment covered his face .
You can also stop caring about how much you taking to work and on trips , being able to hide all those things inside of your trunk while it is impossible in any other means of transport ,
I 'm sure we 'll all enjoy your speech .
Firstly , just after she had went into the school they greeted her with million colofull balloons with inscriptions with all the best wishes .
She had a dream to be a lawyer and wanted to help innocent people .
In the next 50 years , who know what we will be able to accomplish .
There are so many little things we could do to care for the environment .
From the point of view of the invaironment this is a bad idea because spend a lot of gas by person .
In conclusion , there are a lot of advantages and disadvantages of fast food .
I am a reliable , easy - going , hard - working person .
At that moment he was pretty sure what to do now .
I also liked the plot built on a base of a Japanese legend .
Have you or someone you know been to another country , on another continent ?
The Warriors Museum is the best known museum in the region .
In other hand , many drivers enjoy travelling by his vehicle because they like to drive and they feel free .
He goes there and sees a pile of garbage quickly brushes aside it and observes a hole in the ground .
You have many roads , motorways , so you can rent a car and travel by yourself , without table - fixed times .
The crowd in the stadium only wants their team to win .
This way , there will be less trouble when practising the exercise .
I throughly enjoyed the lesson and according to student feedback , so did they .
At some point , all of us have benefited enormously from a real friendship .
I know that we can post anything that we want but not like this .
The film features Mia Wasikowska as Alice .
In Switzerland we have been to Saas fee and Zermatt .
I went to the beach and played volleyball with my brother and sister .
Both places are extremely crowded with people on the weekend , unless you enjoy people watching , early bird shopping is highly recommended .
We have never seen a marmot but I so want to .
At the weekend he usually plays football or basketball and this year he is learning how to roch climb .
But there is one more question : travel by car or public transport ?
plenty of experience with teaching younger children .
I did my best and I succeed in getting a 5.0 .
I do n't know why people love spying famous people .
We had to make the last effort to reach the point we wanted .
We will have to get along if we want to survive " .
Students , for example learn many theories , which may not be required at their place of work .
Actually , it produces a high amount of pollution such as ash and exhausted gas that contains micro- and nano - particle .
Pieces of furniture , namely chair , table and bed , would remain unchanged .
Interestingly the pruchase price of " Carde " and " KD " is almost the same .
It was a dark night , so he could barely see .
This is not only a sightseeing building , but also has a lot of recessional facilities .
In my opinion to watch TV is actually helpful for learning new things .
And finally , she went on to her destination , her beloved homeland .
That girl , who had once been his best friend .
Peter and his father were very busy solving problems of neighbours and it took them some hours .
Has my writing improved and how did this happen ?
They have to walk a long distance to get to the bus stop .
Secondly , what sort of things can we recycle in the college ?
The people who eager to play football must follow some basic rules which are described below :
A solution could be done by improving recycling , waste disposal and even , by cleaning up shorelines .
Although the main reason that prevents me from using them are my colleagues .
It is the most beautiful place I have ever seen in Moscow .
So I pressed teleport and said , " Home " .
The most important events takes place in some different country every four years .
Once again dream said to get ready , I did n't utter a word , without wasting any movement .
However , they have some disadvantages with a public transport , they gave many traffic jam , this is because the bus a large and difficult to control .
Helping at this concert was a hard work but very inspiring .
There were a lot of ancient things such as clocks , cars , weapons .
It is still unacceptable in most cultures because of their religious beliefs .
Thirdly , Public toilets has been opened for the public to elminate attitude of urinating in the public places .
They give examples when the desire to become famous made people aggressive and ruthless .
But at 360 metres , I was still surrounded by heavy fog .
I would appreciate it if you took these possibilities into consideration .
Concerning his personality , he is very friendly , generous , optimistic , playful and sensitive .
She was a good person and he was an asshole .
Although it also needed to be flexible it needed to be tough .
We must keep doing our day - to - day concerns at work and at home , and , at the same time , keep holding our social life and entertainment activities .
I hope this information is enough for the beginning and we can have the possibility to meet you and introduce ourselves in person .
In the last 10 years , every second family has more than one car and most of the times each member of the family drives his own car .
The curse has a good side which Ailee is enjoying a lot .
Thus , some people claim that the social trend tends to decline the popularity of travelling by public transport .
For instance Melbourn , the secondary city in Australia where are trams via through the whole city area .
He ran away from them but they later captured him with their dogs .
In work , I am confident in work . I have money and satisfaction .
Playing football at a regular basis helps to maintain a good health .
And when we look at the modern technologies of transportation , it glances no future for public transport .
All kinds of programs have something that you can think about just depend on how you look at it .
Mass media do not want to introduce this kind of music , probably because it would displace the mainstream - pop music .
Joining community of hiking student can be useful , because they will be pleasant free guide for you , this trick has more effective budget for your trip .
The internet is getting important for our study because of the availability of information sources .
I am 24 years old I am frome Lviv Ukraine .
I hope it will be real for me to see how humans will land on Mars , how this will become popular .
It was the best way to spend my free time with friends .
Firstly , Disney is not a common destination like beaches or mountains , it is a place that requireds a different means of transport since it is in a long distance .
Furthermore , I love children very much , the reason can be such fact that I have three younger brothers and one younger sister , so I am the older one .
It also had some warm scenes , showing hope , courage and sacrifice .
For example , what about going for some walks across the countryside or renting a bike ?
He sighed as he sat down on the big empty couch and remembered all the memories he had with Marianne .
When I was a little girl I used to play volleyboll and I really liked that .
The choice was n't easy because the teacher is vegetarian .
I use Google translator to find an equivalent word to a Spanish word sometimes .
Nice then , do you mind going out with me on a date ? '
To take public transport or not that is a question . Travelling by car is convenient , however , it
I would like to work for you in the USA summer camp .
While background color and art work are thoroughly considered , security issues are one thing that we can not over look either .
I try to keep fit , and I walk one hour every day .
In the spring there is mild weather , approximately 20 - 25 degrees .
I think if the whole world has only one language would be better .
Also , travelling by car is so much more convenient because you do n't have to go stopping in each town , so using your own town saves time .
I mean it was a joke I made and I had no real intention to leave him .
I opened the envelope and found in it an offer of employment .
As a result of this many people are trying new opitions like car sharing .
However , during the winter it can be not warm enough to swim properly .
Buying cars and scooters are more convenient than the last decade .
In order to improve the sorting , there should be a litter bins for each mentioned substances in classrooms , corridors and outside .
The film is entitled " Scary Movie " which is directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans .
She has to do it , and is a sacrifice .
Once I arrive at the airport , is it better to catch a bus or a train which let me reach Brighton ?
One of the reasons is they are poor because they can not get a job .
His sensitivity is visible through his carefully chosen words and his decency in his grammatically correct sentences .
The manager told them that this guy had stolen many stores in the town , finally they got him .
One should n't forget that using public transport helps to save money .
What if the owner of the house has caught her ?
You can of course see the ocean and it is very beautiful .
Now I 'm going to talk about the benefits o learning another language .
Anyway , he built a skyscraper , which is called 21 .
I am Melina and I am interested in your job vacancy .
If all of used cars , the levels of pollution would be incredibly high .
However , some students do n't have this opportunity to travel , they start to work .
He was getting more and more nervous as the time passed by .
I am waiting for some instruction about what I have to do now to renew my membership .
We will discuss how to present the feature in differ aspects such as education , entertainment , literature and children .
This is one of the most valuable monuments in Poland .
If you need reference about me you can contact Mrs Georgie , my English teacher .
Finally , authentic material in foreign languages was not found in the school 's library .
I think learning other language never have drawbacks because all you learn is good for you and your main , you never stop to now new things .
I highly recommend local shops to our tuorists for its cheap price and the hospitable manners of residents here .
He followed the trail until final he was able to catch up to the class .
She was about to start an important trip , an essential change on his life .
Abortion is an immoral act that people make as everyone has a chance to survive and nobody has the right to decide for anyone life .
In the biggest cities around the world the traffic nonstop and increase every day .
Right now I read a book called " the maze runner " it is very exciting .
Yoga calms und vitalizes body and mind .
I think if we want to protect our environment starting from the little things .
One of the main advantages of cutural practices is that they allow societies to maintain their identities and gain economic stability .
I strongly agree with a statement that shopping is not always an enjoyable thing .
I am not completely certain , but I remember that the last time I kept them was near the tiny blue table located at the left corner of the room .
I called a girl who is a colleague of mine from another airport .
The culture is changing in this way , maybe it can be wonderful for the human freedom .
Of course , I make use of computer and projector during my teaching daily , because this is a pleasant and entertaining activity for children .
This will help them understand their mistakes and prevent them in future .
Eindhovensebaan 32
My husband and me , often go to Toulouse to visit Azucena .
I 'd better stop now and make ready for your visit .
There are different ideas to be considered as far as assessment is concerned .
Some of these are striking secluded places such churches or Moorish - styled houses .
Secondly , associability is important for both languages and mathematics .
It is known that in the future will come the day in which any kind of unrenewable resource will finish .
She looked at him and he thought she was still beautiful .
And the new fish will not be the same conventional fish , they will taste different or simply change its form .
I have seen all episodes and I still watching it because it 's so good .
I think that in particular , spinning is a hard sport activity because when you was approximately 1 hour over your bike you 'll probably feel taired .
It is played in a box drawn on the ground in the size of a volleyball court .
Secondly , one car is making as much pollution as one bus which transports many more people .
Secondly , we have to do some preparation of metal plates .
It 's a range of the oldest Russian cities which were centers of the principalities during the ancient period of Russian history .
Many years ago I used to go to the cinema every Sunday afternoon .
With these benefits , it seems that there will be less and less people willing to take the public transport .
In spite of all campaigns aiming the less use of the car but more of the public transport , people still seem to prefer to travel by car .
I am writing to express my interest in applying for an English course .
A player could win a game , but only a team could win championships " .
There are three sofas around a coffee table and it is so comfortable .
I'm good at entertaining parties What is more , I really enjoy working with them since they are very active and willing to do any kind of activities .
And do n't be afraid , I 'm okay , and I decided to check on everything from blue berries .
Although , there are some disadvantages of using a car such as traffic jams and a high maintenance cost .
But it turned out to be totally different when I arrived there .
In addition , love is portrayed in different ways in these two movies .
Banning cars from the centre of the city solves all these problems .
I recognized that mechanical design is not just about creating mechanical products .
To sum up , future generations will have to face the challenge of a sustainable world and surely public transport will play an important role .
Usually , they tend to hide their face , since angels could not move free when they watch each other .
I 've had lots of things on my head recently , especially after my mom died .
In the morning We went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphin , cat , horse and many animals .In the afternoon we went to play rollar coatser , I screamed on top of voice and called for help .Actually I hate playing rollar coster .We played mind train , punch and a lot of games .At the end of the day I was just like running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .
Do n't you think that this future is fantastic ?
Also you can see how they prepare your food in front of you .
Nowadays people are using own cars instead of public transport , this effect is more obvious in big cities where the price of public transport cost more than small cities .
Consequently , people could be more independent and strong , they seems to earlier become mature than other people who do not completed military service .
Audiovisual translation brings a lot of dilemmas and constraints with which translators must agonise .
It had four red wooden legs and it looked very comfortable indeed .
Travelling could be a good way to improve your lenguage and to know better Italy .
You can buy them as a small present to your family members or friends .
I felt a deep sense of self - hatred and guilt !
People where given the task to write a piece of writing of their choice using the resources already provided by the institution in charge .
In conclusion , i would say that due to recent advancements in society , there has been a considerable increase in the car ownership .
So you can save lots of money if you cook at home .
This diabetes is caused by the bad alimentation of the people or because the people have a bad life .
Certain age people wo n't be able to drive a car so that they definitely need the public transport .
For example , he says the application can instantly compare the rates to over 150 websites .
" Prison has long been the traditional punishment for people who commit crimes .
There are many good things from Asia , America and Europe , of course .
Even though they are well known , they have a right to have a free time and they should be albe to use it however they want to without anyone disturbing them .
The infrastructure build for controlling and maintaining the environment ecosystem friendly is worst in other words government and people do not care about the environment rather they spoiling the environment drastically .
Article written by Martina Alejandra Montero Pascoal .
In addition , I am willing to work long hours for your cafe .
I 'm 56 years old and I 'm a chemist .
There was no way to shine a different light to that fact .
It would be great if all of us have a healthy life .
My favorite books are of course all the twilight books(I ca n't choose one :3 )
One day while he was all alone at home , he thought of calling the fire force and lied and pretended as if his house was on fire .
I will be more than happy to pay for my air tickets .
I will be on vacation from July to September and I would be glad to work again with children .
My brother was win so much fight and when i saw him proud i want to try that .
In conclusion , I would say that a recent graduate would be a great asset for our company as they accomplished our targets .
While I was at the bathroom , me cousin was smoking .
I am writing in connection with your stay in Cracow .
But they seem to have forgotten the extra cost incurred by maintenance and repair , and , of course , buying petroleum .
However , disadvantages of robotics and some social or ethical problems should be considered carefully while robotics is contributing to human 's lives .
In addition , that software is created by nasty people that creates this virus to damage other people computers .
I am originally from Ukraine , was living from 2009 till last year in Germany and Juan is from Colombia , since 3 years in Switzerland .
The theme was ' I visited the Earth in2112 ' .
I am writing to tell you about something that for sure you will love it .
Then after being left free , he become a thief again , however this time he is not condemned because of a prier .
Should boys and girls go to the same school ?
The city authorities have a very strict policy regarding waste disposal .
I and my classmates with our teachers and other classes went to the cinema to see the film " Fantastic Boccaccio " .
Mini vacation are a break for us to have a fun and good moment with our adorable and lovely family and friends .
I am glad about having good news from you , it has been a whole year since we talk the last time .
I am contacting you because those papers are sensitive to my company .
I liked London , because there are a lot of great things .
for example , lunch time travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emission of carbon mono oxide which is effected to red blood cells and irritate to breathing system . as a result , they prefer personal transport system for prevent from such hazards .
In Taiwan , a serious air crash caused by the bad weather happened first .
In the broader capacity , it can help my nation 's position in the world perspective .
great starter and when you finish it , they bring you the barbacued meet .
If you look like a foreign people , local people can try to rip you off .
Another reason , knowing how to use a computer is necessary in most jobs .
We use cash everyday and it is of great importance to our daily life .
But on the other hand the number of mobile phones has risen .
It 's really important that we do things we should do .
At first he does n't care but suddenly sees it in front , an owner - less shadow .
Unfortunately , I do n't like eating raw foods , especially for under - cooked fish .
For somewhat younger children this is a nice incentive to participate in these hikes .
It 's really important for people to know the bound between curiosity and nosiness .
This scientific discovery broken down the barrier and enables biologist to observe organism that were invisible to the naked eye ( Figure 2 ) .
I am in my way to improve my english , I ask Allah to guide me to the right way .
On the one hand that quantuty of cars ca n't be forbidden , because it 's personal right to have it or not .
As part of my plan to improve the English skils , I decieed to search on the internet for any free program which can help me for the improvement plan in the English writing .
" Sleep and Your Health " talks about this .
I also have been helping a nine years old kid with his math homework .
In conclusion , water shortage has presented a challenge to individual life and global environment .
I am an outgoing and happy person and like to be around people .
When they got to the loction the guide decided to call the wildlife protection in that area to come help .
Last week my class and another one went to a school tripin Sicily .
I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
I think you must go to a large school in the town because here you can have more friends and you can do a lot of other things that you can do in the countryside .
the two green area in the north - west and south - east concern had been replaced by apartment blocks and an airport .
Hi , my name is Henry and I would like to apply for the job .
The other website I often use is Google.com because it is the greatest searching service ever created by human beings .
Ubearable traffic jams and no parking areas would be the main problems .
For example , all future houses will use solar cells to produce electricity .
The second section was concerned with time - out activities .
To begin , the reason for decreasing the popularity of news papers is that most people , recently , rely on being online most of the time to follow the latest news all around the world .
Turn off the lights when you do n't stay in a room or do not waste water while you are brushing your teeth are some of advice .
It lets you know that summer is near and so is summer vacation .
In the end , We heard Michael 's scream .
( 3 ) observe international law and resolve disputes through peaceful means .
In my opinion our lives will have a dramatic change in the next 50 years .
In contrast to the male respondents the girls interrogated go to evening classes in their free time .
The clothes of the fairies and their lives are also magical .
Besides the cast , I would like to highlight the original soundtrack .
The widow woman who was very nice gave a present for Peter .
For example , when I was 17 , I was about starting my first day of class in the university .
Spanih 's food is fantastic , althouh there are a lot of restaurant for eat you and i think that the food is more expensive than your country .
I know what clients want and know how to deal with that .
I chose this invention that I think that helped to humanity to communicate more easily ,
Sports is a unique way by which a person can maintain his or her health including both aspects that are physical and mental .
Then the presentation will focus on a specific case study------the utilization of Flybuys loyal reward program .
In my opinion this sport teaches to mature because in addition to set up the person physically , it instructs the mind .
It provides citizen the freedom to relax and disconnect while going home or to work .
According to the quality of sheets , it will be two results.if the quality is good or the bank notes is partially damaged which can be used , it would cut into separate bank notes , then it is packed and disoatched.while those bad sheets will be securely destroyed .
KIT and let me know about your journey !
So if you are ever even considering the fact of taking a gap - year , do n't doubt , just do it .
After that we had a snack and then went on to assemble all the parts together .
If you respect your friends then they will respect you .
I do believe that with time people become more conscious of the idea of cities convenient to everyone .
In the beginning , I thought this was disadvantage but this was not true .
It 's going to be sunny and warm dude !
So I would like to take this opportunity to work as a Volunteer .
We can get on a car whenever we want to go to places and drive .
I 'd like to spend my summer holidays with you .
The questions we are going to answer about these songs are :
In conclusion , I believe that it 's better to work as a team than to work on your own because they give you love , company and you could pass a very good time
You can eat different types of pizza , starters and pasta there .
The leisure activities of the male and female students have a lot in common .
Even if it has more then 100 years since it was built , all the original fashion are still there , intact , with all the luxury ready for everyone 's visit .
Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
It is very exciting to hear you are coming to Latvia .
Please give me or David a call should you wish to discuss this further .
It is renovating , but you can see many beautiful buildings .
It is in the shape of oval but most of it is broken .
Do you think you will go with us next time ?
I started this sport six years ago and I found myself .
Volleyball is a complete sport where you can exercise all your muscles .
Most parents are not willing to do so because of limited time .
Michael grabbed his coat and creept out of his house in order not to wake up his parents .
The service is very fast I believe the people eat good and fast .
In addition , information about anything can be found easily on the Internet .
Regarding acting techniques , stage actors do use their body languages as much as film actors .
They all grew up together and have been friends since their childhood .
One of the most impressive solution will be swimming pool in the sky , near area .
The trip is an adventure and the ways you can travel are a big part of it .
The sashimi of salmon is my favourite one .
I 'll wait here , and I really want to see .
Suddenly two people dressed as astronauts were leaving the park and advertised to the young boys to go to their house and wait until these unfortunately event was over .
to conclude , I think after school we need apply for university in order to continue working in what we like .
Visiting this small village you will enjoy a rural tourism with charm .
I am able to work from 9 am til 2 pm every weekday .
That girl who had done nothing but harm for him .
I 'd like to wtite in this subject because it 's very importnant topic .
It is true that the scale of current marriages is larger and more luxurious than that in the past .
Another shopping center is the magnificent Lagos Island market .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake
I admit that I do n't really enjoy soap operas .
First , As we all know , Cars play a very important role in our life , the more and more cars come into our family .
I sat down in my kitchen and put the present on the table .
The trains and buses are crowded , and newer routes and not reflecting the changing demand .
Looking on a wider span , cars are these days available according to the public demand .
To begin with I would like to say that doing a sport is very important to keep us thin and healthy .
The best place for young people in our aree is without doubt the lake .
I stared blankly at the window , unable to move .
I got ready very quickly so I did n't do my morning exercises .
So you will provide a worse service for more money from next month .
On the same year , I succeeded the strenuous Brazilian Bar exam with a remarkable score of 9 out of 10 .
Many people think living in the counrtyside provides a better way of life .
She did not suspect that it will be such a wonderful evening .
Many people think that you need much money to be happy .
So I think that the government must do something in this respect .
I am writing to you to raise an important issue concerning school library .
If it stays on a certain Lever , no fan will complain about higher Prices .
For this reason I also imagine that in the future doctors and scientists will have so much to do !
Like every German , since he was a young driver , dreamed being a driver championship with the national car .
Not only financial development but also the environment is essential to a healthy city .
The energy of the Sun was the food for the seaweeds and they stored it in their cells .
She went downstairs to the cosy bathroom and had a shower .
How are you ? I hope you 're doing well .
Don't!"she said and threw the pillow at his face .
We decided to go skating on the next weekend at the park , which has a wide walk path by the sea .
His best friends in the team are Sergio Ramos Marcelo and Pepe .
They all said yes , but with a little doubt .
There has been major changes regarding the teaching approach in the last few years , but there is still room for improvement .
My experience with children from different ages and Countries makes me a suitable person for the position advertised by your Esteemed Company .
The first place would be " Culture Centre " and the second one " Sports Centre " .
It could be a good idea if the taxes were cheaper than the taxes of other things such a tobacco , alcohol ....
The official collapse of the Soviet Union has occurred in December 1991 .
If you still have any questions , just call me .
They are studying in an English university abroad and becoming a programmer .
So , i love my team and my staff and how they run things in my team .
Therefore , with the visual effect , demonstration is the most effective way to teach the audience to use the mobile application .
For example , people today know more about space , genetics , and diseases .
Next to him were few dozens of doors and there were letters written on it .
Woody Pool is in Spain .
In my opinion , some of them are absolutely revolting .
This was in 1879 during the slave trade period .
Working on projects help me improve my organizational and planning skills .
I would be very grateful if you would consider my application .
That is really annoying for my mom and others .
It is easier to find a job in the beach than finding it in the centre of Spain .
Computers made our lives easier without doubt , so it is normal that they have some bad effects .
Subsequently , I would like to answer the next two questions .
This essay will describe both positive and negative influences of transportation in China by some examples .
Private transport give us traffic jams , a lot of accidents and stressful situations .
But there is an active construction of new roads , road junctions and an improving of roads .
First of all , I wanted to say sorry about a boring life .
He tought how could he solve his problem and finally he decided to break out .
Personally , what I love about this restaurant is the ambiance .
Trieste is a little town situated in the nord - east of Italy .
It was a bright sunny day and the birds were peacefully singing .
You should watch it too , so we can discuss it together .
The different formats of cricket allow me to maintain my health based on time available after earning my bread for the day and it is needless to say after sharing the precious moments with my lovely family .
I , as a young women , usually travel just as a hobby .
I called it LOZAH because its color like an almond .
You can get idea the culture of the city from these paintings .
Particulary when the owner gives orders at the waiter , this situations became hilarious .
It gives information about their tastes in music , TV programmes and clothes .
Besides that , I would love travelling to other European countries .
According to the results of a questionnarie ( Houston habitants)and most of them , play basketball to forget the homework , problems and to relax in their free time .
False alarm , which is the second track , is totally different and mysterious because of wealth of musical instruments .
The ball , usually is hit with hands and arms , but also with any part of body .
Now , " Golem " hold him hostage in their cave , which is hidden somewhere in Los Angeles . "
Nowadays , a lot of people say that friends are the family that you choose .
My plan was to phone my dad and an ambulance and I 've done that .
They were bigger and heavier than today and they were very expensive .
In conclusion , public transport would be the excellent transportation method for the increasing demands of commuting .
Hence I 'm waiting for good time .
If you already haven't seen it , which I doubt , I highly recommend it ; it will make you laugh out loud but also along the way you 'll find yourself cover in tears , Guarantee .
In conclusion , Members of your family an important role in your life !
Meanwhile , with the same amount of energy , bus carried fifties of people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with the massed transportation .
There were a lot of commuters on the terminal so I lost the two men .
After that on the next day , I feel myself better .
Third one is movement and coordination between different parts of body ; eyes , hands and legs .
In my own case , I am working as a co - cook in a diner .
I want to see tropical animals , birds and meet with local population .
The Internet is also a ' home ' for many social networks .
Therefore , my condition took a sharp turn for the worse .
First of all I 'd love to visit new places .
However , flowers were n't enough so he decided to think in anything else .
at some point you wish if it was all illusio , you need a time machine makes it possible to go back in time when you could see the purity of life ..
This town is located in the central zone of the Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) space , and has more than seven Million populations , the economic and security situation is not suitable and these factors have directly effect in to the carefulness of environment .
The more technology we use the more important it is .
I hope we will pass it , because we did our best .
Chapter 9 : The KM-3J : The second confrontation
Also , I have studied teaching and I practised with my father , who is a teacher . I have done swimming since I was five , so I could teach your children 's camp about swimming and other sports like basket or hockey .
I am excited to apply for the Course Materials Writer position available at your company .
If you like a good drama , you will love it .
I wish have a lot of people around the world see the important of environment .
My colleauges are nice but the management are terrible and recently I just stopped talking to them .
I am just beginning to understand the way things are done here .
Another way to help is to save the electricity , and while doing that , save my money too .
After these incidents , not only Sarah but also Stephan realized how dangerous it was when you focused on technological products instead of the things around .
We love doing sleepovers , watch movies and going on holidays together .
Many times we pay more attention to other things , it can do it in many opportunities .
Public transport was developed for people who were poor and could not afford their own transport .
In the near future , she will explain this day to her friends in a pub , probably her new friends .
The train is also a very useful means of transportation and very economical .
But recently he had started to think that it was time to change .
Could you please send me more information and details of prices ?
However , just as magic caused this chaos , it also resolved in it .
It 's a great idea to go hiking with your family .
For instance , filling the fridges with a great amount of fresh fruit and vegetables , doing some exercise and have some fun with friends regularly .
Definitely not a good way to start your day .
Now it is more colorful and designed in different ways Than it was at the past time .
After all the food is very tempted to try and the size portion is big enough to share with 3 or 4 people .
The same , however , can not be said about public transport .
She was hard to find , but impossible to forget .
Since I have a specific feeling by now , I thought of sharing it with you .
I understand what you mean because cars are so convenient as you said .
If I am honest , I have to say , I would not be famous if I would lose my life .
John From finds the perfect gift for his pregnant wife : a beautifull colection doll dressed in a wedding dress .
I am writing to you in reference to the First Certificate exam .
The urban areas were demolished , to make way for skyscrapers .
She just stood up , took her purse , and left .
As a solution he offered that upgrade my model to a better and this too will take two weeks .
There are no words to explain how much I miss him .
We had to carry a map for our adventure 10 years ago .
The Vietnamese education and study system is completely different from the Australian one .
I live in a little village near a forest , so I can go everyday walking through it .
But my dream is to own a horse because I love riding .
How ever , using cars makes the life easier but when everyone or every house they will own at least three cars it is too much .
As the summer camp requires , I could honestly help with anything :
For example researchers have found that belly fat is related to alcohol .
Swimming is one of the best sport to practise it is due to require all parts of the body .
A more compact building would be more appreciated by most of the people .
Generally speaking students finish their degrees with a limited range of experience .
I was placed in the top 10 with a GPA of 8.73 out of 10 .
First of all , there is no absolutely safety in the modern world .
It is more convenient as you can travel straightly to the place you want to go .
From one hand , a big part of global population consider this year off a way of learning and experience while you enjoy travelling all around the world and you get to know people from all the different cultures .
In addition , zoos help to find mates for endangered species .
For these reasons I consider that could be a good option doing any sport that you like or you may be interested in .
If there are more people download its mobile application , it means more people to know its brand and use its service .
If you want to visit it , order a guide who will tell you the history of the castle in English .
Also there are many places to see , mountains , lakes where you can relax and have fun .
What are you waiting for ? Go and check it out !
In addition , it 's easier to talk with someone that you do n't meet and you want it .
He sees a shadow out of the house and follows it until it stands at the end of graveyard .
Therefore , further avoidance of movement occurs and leads to frozen shoulder .
Even thought it is in ruins , visitors from all over the world come to see it .
You only live once and wasting such a great possability is unthinkable .
Margit Island is a favourite destination for runners and lovers .
I like it very much , it is very useful for me .
We have also went to Verbier , I loved the cabin we slept in there .
First , I registered a swimming pool then I went back to the swimming pool every day in the early morning .
However , I was not going to give up on skating that easy .
All over the world , the number of overweight people is growing .
When I was younger , I did n't like any sport .
In 1723 , there are 1182 secondhand clothing stores .
I would like to make a reservation for the next month , from 24th may till 28th ( 4 nights , Double room ) but I have doubts about booking policy .
She always was the best student in the class or even in the school for a couple times .
After leaving the airport , you have to take the bus number 14 and you have to get off at the third bus stop .
Already public transport have been improvement and that makes comfortable to go on a trip , but I think that will be able to become good quality more and more , because so many people expectation .
An day in the morning Paxton waited to Long y the writer , but he listened that called him suddenly he goes for the beach and is killed for the shadow
She was terrified , she starts thinking about the possibility of the death .
I have traveled a lot and I have a lot of knowledge about travel .
If youe are leaving the main roads and turn into the little alleys you will find charming tea rooms and goregeous antique shops with a wide range of ancient goods .
The film is called ' The Vampire Diaries ' .
It is your own decision when you get up , because there are no time boundaries .
A case in point would be the latest news broadcasted recently .
Immediately I contacted their manager , asking If they could do with some help .
He taught to people from different backgrounds , to undergraduate and postgraduate students , and managed to explain difficult public health topics marvellously .
Anna was a bit stressed , but she was sure , that everything will be alright .
Are you nervous when you have to speak on public ?
The torture room is very popular with children but eager fans can also find something suiting them .
After I 'll need to make some money , my parents will give me some but they wo n't be enough for six months , so I must find a job !
This is why I mentioned that the problem still exists and the problem only transforms to another regions and type .
I am Montaña Tomaso and I am twenty four years .
Another benefit of not using public transport is the time you can save .
It does require to explore your brain while developing strategies against the opponents .
I am wondering if i will be scared after the movie .
Hence , the new luxury cars are getting cheaper and powerful .
Currently this issue is so important that governments are investing and working to create solutions such a metropolitan .
Before he could notice , the cream was all gone .
On the holidays and after school I 'm often with my friends and family .
I would like to emphasise two options in this essay .
For a start , the convenience for us to travel around would probably be one of the main arguments .
Security guards had a lot of work to do but thanks to them we stand a chance to deal with other problems , as for example regulating the quality of sound .
But , if you live in the country , car may be essential , because it 's will spend so much money to buy the tickets if their family have many people .
In conclusion , Counter Strike is the best game in the world .
So , it 's not so easy like it seems .
In the following meeting , it was decided that on the following Sunday everyone will be planting a tree that will be provided by the municipal board for free .
These are my study methods , if I can say so .
Now I will talk about the Daruma , a Japanese restaurant that was for me a very good experience .
Who would want to lose this kind of lifestyle ?
Sometimes , cities get rid of rubbish throwing it to the water .
My favourite sport is not a sport as you may think of it .
This a method of making bank notes , and the operater should pay attention to the printed sheets how to inspect .
Only by looking in the eyes of the stone - cold danger can he evade the disappearance himself .
The insurance for non accidental death is known as general insurance and for life is known as life insurance .
In my opinion we should n't think like that .
I like many other games but the best one is this .
Obviously the quality of public transport has to be improved .
Nobody wants to dismiss the importance of television and its achievements .
It makes my mood better and I fall asleep while watching it .
In the human world , they did n't use spells or potions .
Company need to create a new product variety of designs , styles , types , sizes and colors , but still ensure high quality .
I 'd like giving you some advice about how to start playing sport .
If the sheets are bad , those sheets are then destroyed through burning .
It build sewage sites for the disposal of the city 's waste .
Last but not least , time spent on these courses are different too .
You will definitely part your ways during college and this way you can make memories that will last for a lifetime .
Meanwhile if an individual wants to learn from TV .
On the other hand , is possible to find hibrid cars but they are more expensive than those that works with normal fuel and for that reason people 's first option is not this kind of car .
So knowing a lot of languages could be very useful in life .
In my opinion we need to thank people like him .
Those examples show that teenagers have to cope with lots of problems .
I am from a small island where only there is a form transport : the bus .
I was very happy and of course i agreed .
I 'm keen on cultural activities such as theatre or cinema .
It 's an amazing history with lots of heroes and cries .
I hope to continue in this way because is our future , is our life and we have to care it for have good and happy life in the next years .
I realized that this is what I am looking for , a new additional excitement to add to skating .
That 's the one of the possibilities which and I can do in winter when I want to be out . Instead of a walk or snowboarding .
Remember , I told you about it last time , when we met Jenny .
How was said , Granada have a decent public transport and now it is being improved by adding a metropolitan train .
The latter is going to be more important as time passes .
In my opinion the best way to develop your new friendship is , meeting them , have a coffee a drink or whatever .
He had never seen anything so fantastic , but all too soon , it was time to leave .
And try to be a part of the team , then it 's more fun .
So now I regret that and I apologise for this situation .
There wo n't be enough space on the roads for cars one day .
I usually work in the kitchens so it does not bother me .
I think it is not a good engineer who only got skills of engineering .
Therefore , we use calculator to count numbers in a few second .
Helen , I did n't expect this .
Not knowing what would be the intellectual thing to do , the first thing that came to his mind was calling the police .
football is a fameous sport you can whatch it on tv or yo can see it on direct.there ara a lot of level categories , the most fameous categorie is the first .
Printing is quite related to the first two steps because the design and skilled machinists should both be considered .
Genetic engineering is the process of manipulating the genes of an organism .
Even though being widely recognised for his impeccable ethical standards , he hides a drastic change in his personal circumstances .
You need to spend a lot of money when you want to buy it , when you want to insurance it and use it .
Although our town is quite small , there are many variations of shops such as clothes shop , sport shops , toy shops or book shops .
I want to compete in United States in the most important tournament , in this competition participate the best swimmers of the world .
I am really looking forward to being part of your camp !
I think someone should get exercise by starting play some favourite sport instead of watching TV or playing game .
The metal used in this set is 18k white gold .
Nuclear power plants have a high risk of pollution in case of accident .
Sum up , Australian children are happier than Vietnamese children . I think that primary students need to spend more time for playing and enjoy their childhood .
As for buses , they might be history in decades to come .
At night , the noise was annoiying , I was not able to rest properly .
This film is interested because it drafts work problems but not only for this ; it also transmits some important values like , the importance of the solidarity , the group cohesion and the importance not to lose the fait in dreams even if the situation is withstands .
Together with an unofficial Student council create a petition which is to raise the issue among teaching council .
Mary and Amber were having lunch at a restaurant .
Watching history channel gives us great information about the history of earth .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution was created with the invention of the printing mobile types by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) due to it element gave access to the knowledge recovering significant books from Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and social issues that spread their ideas to more people becoming aware of the power of the written word , creating social revolutions such as the French and American ones .
Secondly , recycling waste . after collecting it , then transport to factories to recycle it to useful materials , we can use it again in all aspects in our life .
The condition of the public transport is getting worse day by day .
And I find the knowledge to be taught in some subjects interesting , while some are n't .
If it is not very well , we can destroyed them securly , however , a few sheets may partially damaged , it does n't matter due to the fact that further seperation will assiste you to get the wrong sheets .
- feel the dream is so vivid and real .
It will even get more popular because it will be faster , modern , and cheaper than a travellng by car .
The end of the story when Diesel get cornered by Jason , spontaneously Dwayne came and fired jason with a machine gun .
Clearly , both rely on the common beliefs to be sustained .
This flooding leads to starvation because of fewer harvest yields and this creates many refugees .
So I like this game because it reflects the Tamil culture 's important value which is giving high rank to bravery .
Those things make me say that it is a good book .
It is obvious that in this experiment , students could acquire knowledge more effectively and teachers could also realize weakness of students specifically .
Do n't get me wrong , please .
One of the example is television , in the past we use it only for watching news and movie , but as the time goes and the technolgy is developing t , now television has others function .
I would be happy if you considered me in the case there are vacancies .
Tears were streaming down his face . Stinging his eyes .
I do not want to bother you but it would be fantastic .
Those are the people who know their way around life .
The company ensures the quality of water from production to distribution .
Time was running out , he thought to himself .
So computers help us with so many things and also save trees .
This means that people need to know how to protect themselves and military services is a good way for it .
I am available to talk with you on Monday in the morning .
The diagrams vividly show us the process of making banking notes .
After that , good quality sheets and bank notes separated from partially damaged sheets will be packaged and distributed .
But this change has a rhythm and it is better to respect it .
The world of the first half of the XIX century was quite different from that .
I hope everything is great back in Sweden , see you soon !
I have been following them almost 6 years in a row !
As far as watching , that 's a good question .
I also love playing sports , such as tennis , soccer , canoeing and kayaking .
Does it help us grow and improve our knowledge ?
The day before I start school , I do an investigation for literature class .
Also , every three or four minutes you can get on the train .
I had been playing tennis from 2 years ago with two of my best friends .
They walk very quickly , even run to get the last thing which is left on the store .
Nick started making the planes for the house , from that moment he trended to get to his house and at the moment drag the planes and continue working when he finished the planes after months of working on them he started to bring it to life , the house would be made of wood because he could not pay for more .
I have the best friend when I was a student at high school .
Nowadays , people use their cars to move for work , for holidays ...... but if the petroleo were cheaper , they could travelled very much .
Developed countries figures are the lowest , being almost at 1% , whilst South Asia numbers rose extremely , reaching almost a 60% in the case of female gender and overtaking the 30% in the male gender .
I had a pleasant dining experience with food of the most exquisite flavours .
As the story continued people kept thinking that fish were polluted .
this sport is my favorite , but sometimes I think about to leave this sport . because in later time I hate a blood , so I think a lot of time to leave this sport . but it is dominated to me .
I was working with two people and we were to check two thousand tickets !
They want to be rich and famous and they know , that journalist will be follow them .
You know I 'm always here to support you and your decisions .
I like that phrase Because The boy was happy becaus he got to
At the law office , I supervised the ISO 8003 procedures .
On another hand , we still have many other technologies to create many useful machines , on - side services to help our life is better and better day by day .
If you are involved , do not be afraid to tell the truth and let others help you to deal with it .
You have to have a good coach and a good swimsuit .
Many people feel that it is good to do their student life easier .
My teacher asked me to organise a charity concert in our school .
2 Divide wet rubbish from the products which can not be recycled .
As soon as one problem in the company would be solved another one just as infuriating would come up at the party planning .
The government should find a balance point between economic development and agricultural development .
While she was having some fun , a handsome boy crashed her and she fall to the ground .
How can a group of friends help the environment ?
A year ago an idea of beginning a blog encountered me as advice from an English teacher .
What 's more , not only is your best friend the person who never lies you , but also is the person who is always by your side .
The visit is a movie in which two grandparents get to know his grandchildren for the first time .
It contains not only the history but also the culture , customs also it is the first official institute which you can not miss out .
As soon as the man explained everything to us we realised that we had mistaken car keys in the restaurant because both of them were exactly alike .
It takes you very long time to get to your destination .
Let 's get on our bikes and discover new places !
I ca n't imagine what things we might eat in the future .
Maybe travelling by car is so much more convenient , but there are a lot of cars and this car produce a lot of smoke and the nature is dying , if we do nothing , the nature will disappear .
Although it might look difficult at the beginning , time after time you will come to realise how tennis will positively impact on your personal well - being .
Since then I have been dreaming about collecting my impressions and memories .
He was not asking any Manual / trouble shooting instruction during our call what he mentioned in his email .
Maybe , most of us have spent our childhood with our cousins and they were our best friends for ages .
Is necessary buy a well - equiped sneakers , to make sure do n't suffer a pain on our feet and the rest of body .
Lastly , adults can set an example for younger people .
They often do not use the popular brick but glass , wood , plastic .
It is well accepted that whenever you become a famous person you lose your privacy .
Because human activity releases into the air substances that damage several things in our planet such as the atmosphere and ecosystems .
He was running to the cafe where they were supposed to meet .
The film , instead , was shot in central Italy and surprisingly the scene of the balcony hasn't even been filmed in Verona .
Also , I can play several music instruments , such as : violin , guitar , drums and tambourine .
Public transport is not as valorated as it should be although a lot of people uses it every day .
Buy a good racket , wear a pair of good shoes , find someone to practise and start to enjoy .
So , newbies can understand and know the rules easily .
We need to book tickets in advance , in case we are planning to go via public transport because again the issue of availability of seats are there .
In conclusion I can say that the social network that affects population the most is Facebook .
Many buildings like skycarpers are suggesting living in flats which exist above the ground and it is not extraordinary , but how about whole cites prospering under the water with it own source of light which could replace the Sun .
He listened a bit noise at the top of the stairs but he did nt go to look that noise .
One of his favourite game is to conquer every girl he liked and break their heart .
The example on cigarette packets shows that warnings like this could be useful .
He contributed excellent and innovative ideas during this project and he showed himself that he is an excellent team player .
And also most of them are very attractive , big advantage for girls , whose like nice pictures .
Shopping takes place the biggest part especially to women , but sometime it becomes not so enjoyable and I agree with this statement .
She explains platinum is very hard to find and without this metal it is impossible to produce hydrogen .
I had just graduated the Academy and was on my summer holidays .
They had plans for the future before .. he thought he would have married her .
I had to stand because we were shifting our house and had just sold almost all of our furniture on OLX .
In my opinion I think that I should have more confidence with my family and remember that they wo n't leave me for something I had done in other way my best friends can do .
Finally you will find my apartment near the bus stop .
There are various opinions about how foods plays essential role in our lifestyle .
By car you can go whenever you want on time with no need to wait for hours at the stations for bus or subway .
I would be very happy to attend an interview if you liked me to introduce myself .
I enclose my CV , which gives full detail about my experience , ability and skills .
The most interesting is the art gallery Oko Miasta , which is located in the city centrr .
Television can certainly educate , it has great potential for doing so because of the way it presents information and the scope of people it can achieve .
" Excuse me ? " His voice boomed .
Does it mean that contact between people will disappear ?
My name is Najla Bitar . I am from Iraq .
On the other hand , differences between face - to - face learning and virtual learning are numerous .
In Andalucia the people are cheerful and welcoming with tourists .
To climb to the mountaintop is not easy because the height is more than 3,700 meters .
Unfortunately , we realize at home , that our wallet is empty .
He got to Peter 's apartment to help him with his luggage .
Almost each weekend , I 'll go to the playground to play basketball with my classmates .
If the advertisement is designed well , people will remember it .
Everybody needs to know about the benefits they can get from running .
If you can not afford it , then just rent it .
In terms of food quality the level is extraordinary , they are well known for their roast meat .
I have gained some experience of working with children while baby - sitting of my cousins the previous year .
In any way , I recommend that you take the job for August , because I have listened that in this month the organization is better than in July .
Famous sightseeing places are really different during winter and summer .
Furthermore , I alwyas try to maintain a positive attitude towards my responsibilities and sort out any problem that may occur .
I believe that this project is the smartest way to spend my summer .
My mother always helps me to choose the best option too .
He is 1.80 meters tall and 23 years old .
You can enjoy having your breakfast there with your family because they have too many types of food .
Our idea is to talk at least twice a week .
He came into the house and saw a man sitting on his father 's chair .
Jennifer started to read the letter aloud , very excited - at first .
Finally , they found good quality sheets and some partially damaged sheeets or bad sheets .
On one hand , living abroad will be probably non cheap , so it could be needed to find a job , but it would be at the same time an advantage : working with English people would help you improve quickly your speaking and listening .
I love this sport . I look forward to the weakened , to go out with my bike and my group of friends .
Sport is very healthy , it is very important that all people do exercise for their bodies .
My favorite club is Barcelona and country is Cameroon although that I am from Liberia .
He tried to stop some cars that passed through the street , but it was useless .
This is convenient for the cost of travelling , because every cost is divided for the participants and is an experience to meet other people .
Later that evening , I worked behind the bar .
That is why she is so special to me .
The advertisements are a bit tricky because they know exactly when children watch , for example sfter School .
However .. here you are completely different made of life lessons , preferring to make a stiff upper lip .. cowering in your own reality .
For all of these reasons we have to take care our friendship theses days and social networks are ok to be in touch with your friends but if you wo n't to make new ones .
It 's good for you to take a year brake before continuing with your studies .
We will all have vacuum cleaners that will dust everything without our knowledge .
The price of the food is expensive but nothing pays a good meal .
If there was a machine that can go REVERSE in the time , I might could save him .
I only could oversee what they do to obtain visual experience and know how was a surgery .
The council also has put over one hundred bins around the village to keep clean our streets .
We encourage people who come up with any innovative thoughts about how we could further protect the environment .
3- An important fact about frozen shoulder is that no surgeries are usually needed .
The reasons for that may lay in the current financial crisis that is strongly affecting over most middle classes in the country .
For instance , fuel - efficient , luxurious and economical cars are easily available .
We do n't know and we do n't want to know how to refuse a participation in the camp to children in this situation !
If you are looking for an enjoyning shopping day , Madrid is the best election .
In my opinion , that is not a logical statement which jibes with the fact .
I 'll tell you a story happened at school
Also they think that the main reason for their preference instead of other sport which is more intense .
As a result for that we going to have a better life , more healty and clean for the next years .
They should make their students live school as a pleasant experience , as something their future is based on .
I 've always Heard about that place so I though it would be okay to go .
In the future , adults that was able to obtain more achievements and make it more responsible , and you can have a good social life , if you competes doing sports .
You really should go and try this amazing restaurant at the first opportunity .
The police came after 5 minutes and the ambulance too .
So Sweden is located in the north part of Europe .
For example , I have an old neighbor who lives alone with his cat .
My favourite types of film are science fiction , animation and historical .
In summary , it is important to pay attention to our health .
We were also happy , but in Michael head came a lot of things .
I hope , giving equal priority for both public and private transportation makes healthy .
When you clock out at work , no one has the right to make you keep working .
For her it is a method to make her mind clear .
Just a day before Michael was arguing with his friends that Rasheed was a very nice guy .
The acting was surprisingly emotional , but a bit wooden .
I love to listen to British English , but it 's really hard to study , all because we are all learning American English in Taiwan , so when I have the opportunity to contact British English , it 's full of tone cadence , always feel particularly charming , and British culture exudes noble temperament , so British accent sounds like there is always an indescribable elegance qualities .
But do not worry I am not going to spoil the ending .
Plants have been widely used by almost all cultures in past centuries for medical purposes that are commonly known as herbal medicines ( Izzo and Ernst , 2009 ) .
By that advantage , now we can easily search and get information from the internet by using television .
You never told me that you were thinking of playing an instrument .
Before 2014 , Trivago is not famous in Asia .
Victories are counted by the number of lives saved .
Today I had a trip to a museum and an art gallery with my school .
Recently I saw some pretty good films called " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " Capitan Philips " , films that caught my attention since the first minute .
Among my aquaintances I have a reputation of being friendly , positive and talkative woman .
The moment he reached the street he started yelling at them .
It does not fit in rich countries because it concerns to poor countries .
In addition , I am used to hard working , so I can also help in the kitchen .
For this reason , This is the adventages of living in this area but because of many populations in this area that make traffic in every rush hours especially in the morning very jam and take so long time to drive a car to work that is the disadvantages for living in this area so , In my opinion , this area should have improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to link covered around this area .
People ca n't satisfy their limitless needs ; they think only about their wealth .
As result , I know the men can be harder than can be seem .
The public transportation can help fighting greenhouse gas emissions and can help us protect the world from Climate change effects .
I am interested in applying for the job vacancy in the Cafe you run .
Great Wall is a great military construction in China , as known as a miracle in the history of ancient human construction .
However , in most causes people are not satisfied with their shape and look .
My native language is Catalan because I 'm from Valencia .
Although some schools offer the chance of doing these , many others do not do .
The company had to send me other telephone , this telephone turned out to faulty also .
But the prices will shock and surprise you , they double or triple the UK ones .
I would really like to participate as a co worker in this summer camp .
This will be useful to practise both speaking and listening skills .
It could be an example for other cities on how to help and conserve our planet .
For me , shopping is not enjoyable and I am trying to avoid big shopping centres .
All this can be accompanied by different selections of white wines .
No one can figure it out until the very end .
But he did n't want any girls because he loved only Jessica .
So she decides to take him to a child psychologist .
As you know , I helped at a concert of U2 last month and I 'd like to tell you something more about it .
I love it , when the temperatur is a little bit cold , but not too much .
In recent years , the most common punishment for criminals has been prison .
Please record your message and send it to my email i d f9u54t4g245@gmail.com before 24th eve .
I enjoy playing this sport because it is very funny and competitive .
It helps you to ask people on many important information which you need during your journey .
Is cheaper to travel by bus but it is not very safe , you need to take a taxi , is a bit more expensive but is much safer .
My town do much efforts to care of environment , they put many pins in the streets to keep it clean also they prevent private drivinig at many days to keep air clean , they seed trees to absorb co2 and release o2 , they build factories away from the house of population to prevent respiratory diseases which is a result of air pollution from factories , so not only my country it self but also the individuals follow a proper way to keep environment clean .
I like very much this sport because it must be play with a gruop of people and is funnier than others sports which you play alone with other opponent , like tennis .
There was not a chance to befriend with them , I thought .
But if you take the bus , you have to take down in a bus stop , maybe a bit far from where you want to go .
I had word with a boy and he will reply to me by tomorrow .
The amazing Saint Basil 's Cathedral is located nearby .
For example , commercials can be used to stimulate youngsters to take up exercise by showing the positive effects .
Which is one of the weirdest thing I have seen .
Therefore , the more deeply our emotions interact , the more tremendously our happiness is influenced .
All the information in the world can emerge immediately after a click .
The Danish measures will be also compared with other actions performed by European Countries like Italy .
One day , an elderly foreign lady visited the country with no cats .
The only choice for many people is to use public transport .
There is a well - known mountain , Lagos de Covadonga .
Playing almost 3 hours , some players could n't touch the ball .
One of the faundations used to develop Parkour was the Natural Method created by Georges Hébert .
after the second world war the improved themselves in 50 years and became one of the most developed countries .
In addition , more people would help if they can recycle easily .
If you decide to visit the North part I think is good if you start from Trento and his new museum about nature called Muse .
Are you one of those people who would like to go back to past time ?
I think people will be surprised to know that I was born 2002 and not 2001 but I was born first October so it 's not so much difference .
Recently , genetic engineering has become a highly controversial issue around the world .
Not so long ago I watched film called " 47 Ronin " .
In my opinion , public transport will still exist in the society .
This is one of the sort of the best quality here .
But when I decided to sit aside and chatted with my friends , one of my male friends , who has still kept in touch at present , asked me to play together .
Due to that Scout gets bored and starts to hate school .
For example , we talk about something trivial , such as gripes , and gossip , with our colleagues .
There are a lot of various viewpoints and I would like to consider them .
To make life easier . People always want to make better their life .
Giving them the opportunity to take care about your situation will change all your life in a good way .
Inspect closely this unforgettable place and learn a bit more about the culture of Extremadura .
We are asking you not to stay indifferent to disabled children and to provide feasible help .
Have you ever thought about what your life would be in the next 50 years ?
After returning home , Michael flash backed what he did in the bus .
That day , there was a great time and it was sunny and hot ; I took a lot of photos and I learned new particulars about these important buildings .
They were very excited about choosing the foods on the menu because they were first time eating here .
In the other hand , computers have very bad effects on both to us , and the environment .
This sport have a lot of type of match which you can play .
For example , In Northern Sudan people have been used " Tambor " as a traditional spiritual tool for their songs .
He took breakfast with his father that took him school , as he always do .
Hopefully , they will reach not only earn more money in their entire life but also society will have more development shape in any other developed counties .
Soon you will also enjoy your improved condition and better health .
The museum is the most interesting place in my country because describe our history about our country .
It might be a great idea because most of them are free .
Lastly , workshops about conservation of environment to increase environmental awareness among people to encourage them to take care of their city , and how they can recycle some rubbish to beneficial objects to exploit it at home .
I lost several kilos and I could wear my favourite clothes .
In the future some dangerous diseases such as Cancer or Aids will be treated , and there will be no worries about them .
I 've got some problems with waking up in the morning
On the other hand , more electric cars are produced every year .
By the other hand , traffic is the biggest trouble talking about transport , cars facilities are replaced by the need of punctuality and , depending on the city , the delays are a concerning point when we talk about travelling by bus or trains .
I hope to get this job because I have been waning it for a very long time .
It is one os the most significant places in our capital , Moscow .
When you go by bus for example , you must wait at cold bus station .
I got 1 sister , her name is Tina , she is annoying .
The jobs are nice and you can work for three months .
Therefore , these are the reasons why I agree with the form to lower the congestion and air pollution by encourage people to use less private cars and turn to use more public transportation and other forms for transportation
Many people hesitate to tell others about the incident because they think it is embarrassed to tell others about this .
Cohen 's knwoledge is that playing the lottery is not automatically irrational .
Travelling or moving from place to another by car is much more convenient for a man than public transport .
In view of the above arguments , I would suggest anyone to cut out on television in order to have more time to read newspapers daily .
This is the kind of dream vacation I want so bad .
Kadeer Abdul - hamied .
Secondly , if you use the car , you haven't wait much time ti catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive later at your job , for this situation .
It clearly presented that its searching engine can help the customers to compare the price of over 150 websites of hotels in the world and find the most worthy hotel .
As I enjoy cooking , I 'm suitable also for the work in the kitchens .
Another reason why I like comedies , there is a wide variety of this kind if movies .
Social Media such as Twitter , Facebook , Youtube and blogs illustrate surely that the definition or repercussion of digital technologies is created through the forms in which they are worn and the social relations and associations that expand around them .
Apart from that , everything 's fine here in Poland .
You do n't know if you will ever have another chance . "
It was 5 pm and too many people came to see the show .
Also , the time spent serving in the army can uproot or separate families or friends ' relations .
I am writing in order to apply for the post of Camp Assistant you have adverted in a magazine .
I am writing to apply for one of the positions of camp monitors you advirtised in the last Monday 's Daily news , I am interested because this post will give me complementary experience .
Consequently , gorvernment start to support and take care of the public transporte .
For instance art museums include art collections such as paintings from many different artists .
Most of those plans would not be possible , if there were not for means of transport .
Some of the aspects have been discussed during my meeting with Mordechai in August .
Nowadays , there are limited time for any teacher to cover all point in a certain subject .
There 's a pleasant historical centre and a monumental castle placed on the big rock .
It is the most popular amphitheater in the whole world .
According to the general world laws about the global world warm , each country has considered its owns arguments about it .
Furthermore , I have a great sense of leadership as well as the social skills needed from being a scout for five years .
I suggest having all youngsters , who want to learn another language , they ought to go abroad .
Hey!how are you ? How is life going ? Hope your done with your prestigious exams that you told me about .
We can make good use of time from TV and we can also waste time with some useless channels .
It was a excited day , all my friends , family … were with me .
She went to their bedroom to change her clothes and start dinner .
Tom yelled : ladies and gentlemen , please help us as much as you can because all of the income of this show is paid for surgery of a sick boy .
This castle is very old and it is surrounded by water .
I knew a body was lying there and knew it was dead .
Shopping with your husband , boyfriend , father or any representative of the male kind , also can totally ruin the most fruitful shopping ever .
my school is fine and i like better my country than yours , our teams are betters than your , England are the worst of football , Argentina rules .
The first time in London , for 6 months , and most recently in Berlin , for 8 months .
" Are you two the people who will make their skill test ? "
This is happening now , and we are not even fully devoloped in technoloy .
However travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not such convenient as getting a car , but you would never know what can happen with your car , where it will stuck or some of other accedient will happen .
For that reason , I think I can help in the kitchen .
I would also like to further my studies of various foreign languages in the university .
It 's Rosevelt , hope you know me .
I hope this letter help you to decide whatyou will do .
I have experience working with children , my experience is about to years in summer camps around the world .
First , it was almost impossible to enforce it .
Working in the kitchens means to do all about i.e cleaning and washing the floors .
My cooking abilities are not good enough but I can learn cooking quickly .
So , now I have to go back to work .
They are just the most sensitive and innocent victims of mistreatment .
That was what I particularly liked about that experience !
I 'd also like to know what resources the school has .
The idea that newspapers will diminish by time due to people 's perspective toward surfing the internet for the worldwide news does not necessarily mean that it can be taken for granted .
I am very familiar with the tasks and rules that need to be respected in a summer camp , as I have been one in a previous summer camp within St John Ambulance .
In contrast self driving cars are very expensice and much people can not buy it .
The funniest thing to me was that I thought I were a kid who studied kindergarten for the way he taught .
She could n't stop smiling because she had just noticed that she would n't be alone anymore
I was incredibly overjoyed when the culmination came .
Moreover , our clothing will be able to change colours and patterns even the physical functions corresponding to the changing environments or simply by our specific commands .
1 . Postpaid roaming calls , RCF and GPRS
I want to improve my English pronunciation skills so I can be able to understand native speakers .
About one year ago , I moved to Philadelphia , United States .
I like organising activities and games to make people enjoy their time .
One of the cabins broke down and the person who was inside it waked up .
Sometimes we do things we do n't want for no apparent reason but some other times we know exactly where we are getting into .
And believe me there is no difference if you are shopping for yourself or for them , it always looks this way .
The " Campo de Marte " sports centre
I was interested if I could write such an article and win a prize .
Besides , this type of vacation is usually less expensive than going abroad .
They have some paintings of Leonardo da Vinci which is really impress me .
Nearby , fields with growing vegetables can be visited , which never has been altered by any modern machine but only by the power of hand and cattle .
The service at La Cacharreria is very good .
I started the evening by welcoming everyone and appointing them their seats .
Thirdly , students ca n't be accustomed to western eating habits like burgers , pizza and bread .According to the unfamiliar environment students may lack the sense of security .
However , a car can be expensive to maintain , park and fuel .
We play Risiko fou hour : we 're never fed up !
I 'll recommend them lots of jewels that could be interesting for them for sure .
They are also the reason for many problems , which appear in private lives of some celebrities .
I think that many google users will be happy if the developpers bring more useful information to the main page , for example weather information , carrency rates or hot news .
It is hard to believe during the segregation time , black people were treated as a second - class citizen not only in real life but also in the constitution law .
First of all , soccer is more active than other sports .
This new way of teaching pupils has received a mix response .
Istanbul buildings so simple and have special design then other cities .
Fridays and Saturdays I go riding at the riding center
How are you ? I just want to say hello .
However , it is one of the most motivating challenge in our lives .
Why do n't you come to visit France instead Spain ?
On the other hand it could be complicated . but nobody complaint .
I feel proud to hug with him with full of my emotions and I forget all the stress developed in the office hours .
For governments , restriction on exploring human land is one of the ways to solve these problems .
He felt he had done a great job trying to serve the disabled patients .
Michael , that is a policeman , decides to help her .
After won another title he signed a contract with Ferrari team .
when i ran with the ball , i feel that i hold a goal or a valuable something and i should offer my best to put it in his place and make it in right way .
You will feel great , would concentrate better , have more energy and have less health problems .
It seems that if people did not move yourself only in their beautiful cars and take a bus or metro , the air would be clearer , the city would become less noisily etc .
I think the most important things in the family are love and support .
Recently , I spent a week in Switzerland as a part of a students exchange programme .
To make matters even better , there was some music played a few meters ahead , which contributed to liven up the spirit of everyone present there .
I really like , in the moments when I am listernning turn up the radio , but the singles are died .
Secondly , I debated with young people to television programmes that are watched currently .
Some people suggest that we have to avoid treating them this way , while the others maintain the opposite view .
At that moment , my dog was kidding with a ball that was small and green .
Michael lived in a big house in Denton , Texas .
It has a lot of beautiful things how an old church of century XV but this church is in ruins but the new church also is very beautiful and comfortable .
And if you do that then , sooner than later , you will become a walking enthusiast
But i know that a lot of joung people play tennis , i hope that the italian tennis player in a few years will be very famous all over the world , then you do n't wait you sign up in a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
Always remember that , " Education is what remains after one has forgotten what he has learned in school " Albert Einstein said .
It is much more easy to use a car when going shopping , or making a leisure or an occasional trips .
I love to work in the summer camp job to make the exercise every shop in usa should make the summer camp job , I am the right person to work because I 'm very exercise and I ' love to work in the kitchen , because i am the right chief in the summer camp job .
In conclusion , public transportation is still the first choice of people in the future .
As it seems to me , private information about stars should be published if they approve of it putting the signature .
As if I can not imagine if I were a heroin of one of the enormous heroic stories .
Nutritionists recommend the quarter of a person 's diet should contain carbohydrates .
Moreover , television has the advantage of being able to utilize sight , sound and motion .
For that I 've had the idea of giving her a present .
You will find there a parking area and some ball courts , and on further exploration , just after the courts & walking towards that famous bridge that you can now see much better , a restaurant .
- Having physical therapy after a surgery or trauma is crucial .
And now , when cities are widening , public transport will be more important than ever .
I told them , you can just write no matter what you write .
University , I also have a lot of assighments , so I like to go to libabry to study where is more quietly , spacious and internet accessible .
It is because different stones have different densities that their weights are different though they are uniform in the same size .
It has two bedrooms , a kitchen and a very large bathroom .
To sum up , do sports is very important for teenagers to which the body is going to grow and do it regularly is commitment that we should take . in my opinion , however , do a sport mandatory is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm not bothered or for obligation
Sometimes I lisen to the radio and hear his comments about some global problems in my own country and some suggests about how to make our life better .
Will I have to cook my own recipes ?
I like talking to friends and I can communicate with other people .
Therefore , it is cheaper . We can save money and trees .
Since that time Shakespeare has been one of our favorite artists .
I have one twin sister , one little sister and one little brother .
It 's unforgettable experience and it gave me a lot .
Today , people know more about phenomena that were considered obscure in the past .
They played all of their famous songs and added some new ones .
As far as I 'm concerned , there are more disadvantages .
After we came to the ambulance , police come and one patrol was catching those man who made that to that granny and the other patrol was talking to us .
They use these car to travel , for shopping , to drive to work .
People probably destroy those bikes , and cause bikes become less and less .
My favourite sport is box because it 's the only sport that can relax me .
My name is Rebeca Costa and I am writing this letter about the advertisement for job in the USA Sumer Camps .
So , tell me as soon as possible . in your country 's specially eating customs and manners also stamina food as well .
For our programme planning , we propose the following instruments or techniques :
From : Teodora Costescu , Romanian student
Nevertheless , we can not allow that technology to put our children in danger .
Observing these items you can get idea about the old times of the visiting place .
First of all , cooking is my passion for ages .
The relationship between famous people and journalist is an attractive focus on our society .
We are also able to protect ourselves from various diseases and help the sick .
Furthermore , they have flat or sloping roofs , one or more floors .
In general , people have the possobility to study in libraries or using the computers .
One way of using transport is to daily travel to work within the city , other way is to use it when you are visiting your friends or family outside the city .
Therefore , I miss my close - knit family and friends .
I find it helps me a lot because it takes my mind off .
They damcare about environment because that does n't gave anything to them .
Furthermore , I am fluent in English language , with good writing skills .
But you want to see all goods and maybe buy one of product .
I recommend that they should do both activities , Valencia city and also de the surroundings .
In their laboratory , they have a lot of chemicals that were prohibited in their country , but they used them .
Consequently , we must be careful with the decisions we make .
Parents must be parents , and friends must be friends .
Nowadays , young people graduate from universities , who come up with new and innovative ideas about educational process and so the tradition will be updated next years .
Personally what I can say is that practicing this sports make me feel strongly lively and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it especially during the world cup .
It helps to share the ideas , knowledge , among the students and make them think critically , by using formal language while writing and so on .
The second advice is you should try to find the best places to walk around you .
Similarly , Australians have a different attitude about the education system .
My mother has a lot of friends and she is quite happy .
You must rely your life on this person , so it 's important you get on with him or her .
My name is Fabio Rendón and I am from Spain .
It 's a time to develop yourself , to travel , to find friends .
In spring and summer many people prefer to go in for jogging .
Actually , in opposition to the music , young people feel that they can reveal their behaviour and their character by which the clothes are being worn .
And , it can change according to your degree of familiarity or intimate with the other person .
For me , these are the most incredible sports that anyone can perform .
I 'm writing in response of the letter the professor Collins wrote to you .
I know what involves in a late night customer service and how to deal with a loud environment .
They pay me a lot of money and I can buy a lot of dress , jeans , shoes , book and make - up .
I am writing to you to apply for a position advertised recently .
For instance , I was really afraid of speaking in front of many people .
Most of those dreamers claim that it is like real .
I completely agree with you , maybe each word you say .
Secondly , the lively atmosphere it offers will surely keep the class entertained during the entire dine - in .
2 ) How many years of experience do you have in Accounting ?
It was very light and fluffy while still full of flavor !
He started crying because there was nothing he could do about it .
If service is not meeting expectation of the customer or its quality just below expected , it causes customer dissatisfaction .
Or maybe you do n't have a study plan that works ?
I assisted to policy making forums and events where Dr Montés was a speaker and his opinion was highly respected .
I spend most of my spare time playing ice hockey and golf .
However , that is n't protected by government and its institutions .
Most of the cases , not only my family members but also our neighbor like to avoid carbon level increasing products those are responsible for temperature increase .
' The letter that changed my life '
He does not Need another one , but he likes the colour .
Sarah and Stephan are friends in the same school and also neighbors .
They learn at school , they have problems with each other , they fall in love , have parties .
In Chiari you have to get off at the train station .
for example me , I do n't have a car thus I usually use a train in my school .
Despite many differences in the human nature , the present houses do not differ so much between themselves .
But what should you do in order to live a healthy life ?
as any normal pouring day when you teenager in school never ever end , but a one day was the best day from any other pouring normal day because i learn how live as powerful smart girl who used to let the other us her because she want to feel needed from my friends but i did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
But the last time the street - cleaners mow all the young grass .
And then , the sheets are printed , operator should pay attention to the colour on both sides , special ink , and images slightly raised .
I 'm afraid so that started when I was travelling to Mexico in my honeymoon .
This could be good , allthough some people say we need n't all this time and we have to work more .
The section was big and it had a lot of information in a scientific manner , some section had complete information part while other had not .
You should write me the exact time of your plane arrival .
Foxy the pirate makes a show individually in her pirate cove , The children loves Foxy because plays with the kids making questions about the pirates and count a pirate story .
other people prefer to travel by trains as it 's faster and more comfortable than cars .
It will be better if you gave drinks compared to the weather like whenever its winter we would like a hot drink and if it is summer we would like a chilled drink .
Although , cars will be better than now , they will not fly yet .
On the other hand I have met a lot of people , they are very friendly .
The development of the space technologies and companies connected to construction of the spacecraft may give a start to space tourism .
She : I decided my blog will be about nothing .
Television can be used tor many things , usually we watch television for entertaining , but we can also use it for education too .
In general most of employers prefer applicants which achieved an academic degree .
Firstly , the primary education and study system of Vietnam is very hard .
Secondly , we are in need of a conference room .
The pollution level is more and more increased by this excessive use .
I found this advertisement on the newspaper and I would like to state the reasons why I think I am suitable for the job at hand .
Taichung have plenty of tree at the park .
The good user experience will be good to collect data and be good for making a decision in commerce .
Furthermore , you can choose an alternative road , rather than taking a main road .
He thought I should perform a show to jump over the several wrecked cars but it was too risky because he had not any experience in this kind of show .
I have always felt comfortable as a child with my tank mates .
Hello , I saw the job application for the summer camp and I 'm really interested on working with you .
I thought no matter who wins the competition , we all must get 1 dollar for prize .
I am sending you a gift please accept it .
She was sure that everyone remembers about the celebration and have a gift for her .
It is common that more and more people get overweight , caused by too much fastfood and unhealthy lifestyle .
Her name is Adriana ; she is eleven years old .
As I 've been taking a year off , I am available at any time in the week .
How could he forgot the time of his appointment ?
But it does n't mean they haven't got some rights to have private life .
What you really can not miss is the big shopping street .
It has been three years now since she stopped having lunch .
I think it is very good for students , if you want to save your money .
I was able to explain something basic about Ecology that my grandfather had trouble with in the countryside when I went for a vacation .
More andmore people start wondering about their health , thing that makes them use their cars not as often as they used to .
I woke up and realised it had all been a bad dream
For some people may think that only these kind of channel can provide educational knowledge and for some people they do n't consider watching these channel as entertainment .
As long as i try to keep doing thing on a ecofriendly way i realize that i am give a little from my side and i feel careful of my environment .
Moreover the repeating is massive , I bet that at least once a week you can find that old series called friends , ca n't you ?
Technically minded and with good problem resolution skills , I am able to work effectively in fast paced and ever changing environments .
I personally believe that imitation is just the sincerest form of admiration .
Experiments made with garlic and some types of bacteria , revealed the ability of garlic to kill some kinds of bacteria .
2- I think on the future and transport and roads will be more organizing more than these days .
Lucila is the biggest out of six siblings so she is used to babysitting children .
I was invited to help at a concert by my English teacher .
My works needs to close the accounts every day , so my carefulness must be improved during the time , because the money did n't belong to me .
Despite the land in Hong Kong is just 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 millions citizens are living in there .
He was worried that the bird charged him , so the man seeks refuge and goes in a cavern .
I was surrounded by joyful Spaniards who were speaking loudly .
Science explains to us a lot of the things that we previously were not aware of .
Something impossible if they study online , which means that their only classmate is the computer or the laptop they use .
The past already happened , we can not change it .
« I 'm 22 years old and my name is Daniel .
Education has a crucial part in one society and it 's future and by improving the level of educations system , students can learn more effectively in their entire education life and their career but also their skills will be improved by this process .
He knew that she was inside , waiting for the last conversation in relation with the life of Rose .
She was my firs teacher who was taught me repeat the first word and took my hand to give my first step .
Also , this is the cheapest way to get to your preferred location .
While shopping , you are doing what you like and enjoy .
Do n't forget to play with your friends .
After that Steve become an America captain to protect the world again .
In this respect , parents have so many things to teach to their children .
Everyone in this world has their own favorite sports , so do I. My favorite sport is football .
In this topic I would be highlighting some of the dangers of climate change and different ways through which government and individual may help to overcome this challenge .
A new substance , called CPH4 , bound to be distributed around Europe and the United States by which plenty bag was set into her stomach having an illegal clinical surgery .
People were counting on this party to increase public expenditure , but pension 's money have stayed the same .
Parents often compare child to others also plays a role in this case .
There is an office with so many things that he had there .
Aactivist of animals rights claimed that the reason is the keeping animals in zoo .
It was fantastic experience , especially for people for which it was intended .
The people did n't know that this was cycle because the engineers did n't say of this hurricane .
As good as your car is , you can go anywhere you want with your car , no matter which mountain , beach , or city is .
Recently , studying online has become a very popular alternative way to study .
That 's why I decide to tell you about some interesting place in our city .
I like to go out with her , walking and talking .
I have chosen Paula because she is popular , famous , rich and she has the perfect husband but above all I choose her because she is friendly , intelligent and she is always smiling .
Travelling by car plays an important role in our life .
First of all , the best thing about skydiving is the excitement and the discharge of adrenalin .
Yesterday I went to the Ulster Museum in Botanic Gardens at 2 pm .
After we came back I told my family everything .
I hope this help you and you will take the best decision .
As it is a movie related to magic tricks when a sequence is played and it seems simple and easily understanable you know that , indeed , it is not .
The wizard attacked him and he went away from home .
Do you have a favourite sport ? I have !
Nevertheless , governments claim that they nowadays are more aware of the importance of health than in the past .
I had to move it from place to place along with boys from the group .
Everybody makes mistakes , but their mistakes are wtitten and known by the society , what is unfair and harmful .
I am 32 years old and even thought I live in Brazil I have a fluent English level .
But does this mean that the whole of your life becomes public ?
Even if there are a lot of variants , I prefer classical ballet .
I have to get money if I want to stay there for half a year !
In a roofed - in theatre , pulleys and machinery were used for lowering actors on stage .
This building is situated in Barcelona , although it 's only a short walk from the magnificent Gaudi 's artwork it is n't as famous as them .
You do n't have to do the silly or illegal things , because you will be exposed to this malicious software .
Others say keeping animals in zoos is cruel and inhumane .
They appeared first in Blink , one of the Doctor Who episodes .
Try to fit a heart and bravery of a lion into a small frame of sixteen - year - old girl .
In my life I have had a big experiences that have made me change and mature .
She 'd stolen my fiancee many years ago .
I am 32 years old Computer Science graduate currently working as software consultant .
That brings us to second point : resources .
- repeatedly dream again if they rarely awake themselves .
for example when you go by car you can go with other people so you pay less money for gasoil .
However , ideas and concepts give people competitive edge in dealing with other similar issues .
This issue is not clear - cut on both money and job satisfaction are important in deciding career in our life .
I was not to blame for him having injured his leg .
Also everyone enjoys Italian food , so everyone would be pleased .
First of all , they can give rules to younger people .
First , I will have an opportunity to live abroad .
We bought television in 1888 , after that I became a fan of cricket .
For instance , one hundred years ago was impossible to see a woman working and carrying on economically the whole family alone or studying a degree in the university , things that today are very usual and well accepted in our society .
They feel happy when I am happy , they are sad when I am sad , they enjoy themselves with my success .
As a result I thought both driving and public transport have their roles and we need to take each in the right situation .
You can see for example tigers , lions , zebras , birds , pinguins or horses .
Tom drove back to town and then walked really fast to his work .
Thus , by all means , today we have an easy accessibility to knowledge and we have a wide range of resources to allocate and obtain endless information .
I 'm not a great fun of films based od fiction , unrealistic facts and events .
So , I think advantages and disadvantages of TV mainly depend on the watching person .
At last inspectors of the bank manually check all printing sheets , and devid them into three levels."bad sheets " were sent for disposal , where things are sercurely destroyed."Good quality sheets " will go with packaging and distribution , where sheets are cut , packed and dispatched .
The service is very organised and fast , although it might be in high season you would not have to wait a long time .
But I was in POVERTY , so I could not go and take them .
We are live in Moscow , it is a very big city , so there are many interesting places , where I used to do some activity .
People use machines and robots because they do n't want to waste their time .
I hope , it wo n't be my last job at concert .
On the other hand , I was sad to leave that job .
He taught me my basic English , to playing tennis , to play the guitar , to dance , to sing and I can continue counting .
Beside some people destroy farland to build houses but if one day there is no farmland than what should we eat?Nothing at that time we can eat nothing!So what should we do ?
Anna 's mother looked at her tenderly and hugged her once again .
So the government should oversee this companies , and if companies do not obey the rules or laws , it will be fined and closed .
I was responsible for fulfilling all the needs of these famous guests .
This is the whole process how a bank note is made .
Nobody can leave a family as there will be a bloody union .
However , there are a number of changes that need to be considered .
Though you might be fighting for long and getting tired and tired , you have to search for the strength inside yourself to continue and reach the end of the tennis match .
My bedroom is n't very big and is untidy .
Public transport has been improved to such an extent that nowadays it is probably competing with private transport .
Whereas in my opinion , it is way more than that .
What is the reason for making music necessary for us ?
He puts them on Marie Tussaud in 1835 .
As he got closer , he saw alot of people around tha Kabaa .
I like cricket is the best among all of these sports cricket is a good mind refreshing game
On starting I was really biring and I want stop played .
Moving on to the physical description , I want to talk about that Kike is a man really high , his height is 1,95 meters .
I believe that in the future all transport will be with the public transport or least with massive transport .
They are really great people who want to help others , without pay .
Some people say that public transport have no future , they might be right .
Currently I 'm working like teacher at the university and to teach in English have been my gol .
This is because adults lived in a complete other time , so their advice might be outdated .
It creating lot of troubles by standing on the edge of the buses and metros .
She was the first of her siblings to follow that path .
The most essential and key process is manual inspections for printed sheets with three categories : good quality sheets , patially damaged sheets and bad sheets .
When we play football , we are definitely will cooperate with the other teammates in order to be the winner .
It is very important to choose those items which represent your personality .
A band was playing , we were enjoying music and it seemed that there will be no more complications .
Which is in sport management and also have experience of kitchen work .
firstly , some people believe that public transport is a significant part in our live and its more difficult to rely on our cars only .
There are also public conainers for glass and clothes all around the village .
All subjects are less flexible and all students are learning the same programs at the same time .
It is set in England during and after the First World War .
I am the best candidate for your job to execute high result of excellence .
Travelling by car is also very detrimental for the environment .
He stared at the clock hanging in the wall and frowned .
In conclusion , I think that public transport should win this battle .
Henry kept on shouting to stop and not to betray his oldest of the friend . "
I have recently moved to York and am available for an immediate start .
At the beginning of its history , my city was a big farm .
I did many important translations for training manuals and petroleum institutions student description .
For instance , in the big city we can very easy to find the specific space to serve our children , such as special toilet and Breast - Feeding Room in every subways .
my older brother helped us in studying , but he is older than me by 10 years , so the relation between us is n't strong .
Is not a good idea because some students have to study all the afternoon for other subjects and the free time is very scant .
Jon 's face was white and his lips were blue .
One day at the end of the classes , Marcuangolo wanted to hit him , and Michael ran away .
Such people tried to achieve their goal irrespective of the means .
By saving the environment , you are saving your life
A number of strategies could be efficient to address these problems .
how are you?I have just received your letter .
I would like to apply for the job that you have advertised .
Bushfire caused by numerous human activities but almost started from carelessness of people ( Roland as cited in Schauble , 2009 )
To be on my own and watch the other people live .
A new , tougher world is in front of them as they get ready for collage or to embark on their professional career .
After the meeting and when he was leaving he turned back and said : -
In addition , my knowledge acquired by managing a bar and a certification in hygeinic food handling will guerantee the clean environment of your bar .
The flight to Mexico was incredible , and very funny .
This advertisement requeste a group of young people to work in summer camps all over the USA .
I would like to apply for a vacancy as a Camp Assistant .
Everyone wants to have a stress less / happy journey whether it is for a long route or not .
However from now one we can buying what we really need , on the other hand this shopping may help a lot of people get back working again .
But , you can travel by plane , it is not very expensive .
Moreover google map service needs some improvements such as street names , map accuracy and more city panorams .
Imagine a world without adverts , for a week at least .
So whoever want to star a journey has several choice of transport , eaither by sea , by air , by land or by foot .
In contrast , today everyone has the latest model of telephone or computeror whatever .
There are many reasons why plane travel is the way to go .
I have fond memories of those Christmas because of the ham and my niece .
But people are interested in it and this year I saw announcements about days of receiving of separate rubbish .
Now people can interact with other people from other countries by texting , facebook or whatsapp .
In our opinion globalization is a good thing that happen to us , allow us to interact with all the world , so we can meet the cultures , monuments , etc .
Her major health problem was asthma , as well as anemia , low immune system and underweight .
Secondly , loneliness would be a big problem when a person who leave their own country getting away from family members and close friends .
I think it 's something nobody wants , but it can comes true .
And from October to till December we practise everyday after our study hour up to eleven " O"CLOCK.DAY BY DAY I learn and finally I did my role well .
Before was really convenient to go by bus or by train but with the new economy the travel tickets are more expensive and a big difference from the past is that it is less expensive to go far then near .
I think that public transport is much better for the enviromment than the private .
I see most of them like to stay at the garden downtown during the afternoon when the weather is good .
He is important person because he is a president of government in Spain .
It is faster than the two , it is no difficult to travel on it and it is quite comfortable .
It is worth to mention that schools are considering Environment subject is part of the education sytem that should be taught to students .
More specifically , it allows for understanding of teamwork , develops organizational skills and practice discipline .
It 's a shopping centre , which is situated in Hatfield .
Now I am going tell you some facts about myself and my life .
Speaking about money ... I really need to find a job !
For disable people there should be expanded services to give them easy mobility .
There are many dogs who are loyal and trustworthy than many people in the earth .
Moreover , the use of your own car has more advantages . Travelling by car avoids getting wet when the weather is rainy .
Sometimes public transport is interesting because you can use it when you want to go to a party and you probably drink some wine , beer , etc .
Finally , I also talked about the clothes they usually wear .
It is claimed thatour lives will improve in the next fifty years .
It 's in the northwest of Spain , in Galicia .
He went to his lab and showed his partner the dead body .
Besides , when you practise it you must move all your body , because you have to run and guide the ball through the field .
But the house was destroyed and the neighborhood furred for the confusion caused during the night had called the police that without his knowledge waiting outside the house Micheal to take him to the police station .
The cinematography is fantastic , with wonder digital landscapes .
I look forward to hearing from you in the near future .
Everyday , sweepers clean the Caceres street and the people teach their children that the rubbish do n't throw in the street .
I am sixteen years of age , pursuing a degree of Intermediate at Imperial College , assiduous to work .
Besides it gave me a motion to train harder and never have a thinking of giving up that I need to keep my swimming training every year and reminds me of the importance of a healthy body .
As a result , they offer low fee and play an important role in the environment protection .
Finally , she saw the lights of the approaching car and ran toward the car .
I just read the first book in a trilogy called The Hunger Games .
I'll have a friend at university because I scared strangers .
In conclusion , televeision can entertain and also educate because television programs make it in interesting way .
Besides the presence of a car during a trip is very important for coping with the different conditions environments you are facing during the journey .
I think there is a big future for public transport , because a lot of people want to take that and more than anything else that is convenience .
Anyway , we would make mistakes , if we do the new challenges and new tasks .
The album with eleven tracks that reach top one , won a gold and silver certifications for the best - selling in diverse countries as the USA , Canada and the UK .
I had to look to help ; there was little time to lose .
It is so tightly knitted you do not realise it is telling you the story of a failure .
By doing this , we can gain bird eye view without much effort .
It 's fast and it needs a lot of athletic skills .
In the case of a ship , travel time is immense .
From my point of view , friendship is based on the honesty .
There are four steps to boil an egg and some tips to make it delicious .
He was making preparations to make a huge deal with the other person .
However , speaking , listening activities and the massive use of I.T mark the schedule nowadays .
In this way , we can to see inside them that their population have so much control and they know that affect them .
I did n't speak for days to spare my voice .
People like to watch movies , because it 's a fun pastime and it substitutes books for lazy people .
There are six main shorts : the serve , the clear , the smash , the drop , the forehand and the backhand .
your thoughts are the only ones that will make the differences , so take care of them only and believe in yourself so you could reach the prestige you 're looking for .
This were all the beautiful girl are shown to the young men of the community .
Anyway we 'll discuss where to go after my arrival .
the material is of good quality and the clothes look the same as on the page .
First of all , we need to make people aware of the current environmental situation in order to do activities that help the environment .
It burns lots of calories , build endurance and build up muscles .
After this , printed sheets will be inspected carefully .
Some people like to calculated the gain or lose from buying the lottery but other people that can afford a dolar ticket now prefer to keep their dreams .
In a words , the processing of making money to banks is very creative and serious , even rigid .
About Saturday evening , why do n't we just stay at home and watch some One Direction videos ?
It once was just a simple cmetery but now it is an open air museum .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you in April !
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
In this episode of my life I will to talk you about my daily routine .
Two weeks ago he knew a beautiful girl in Linkedin .
But here 's the thing : I love the playing field .
Thus , people read news at any time and for free .
Apart from this problem we have another problem that it is important too .
As ordinary people they need someone to take care of them , someone to share their feelings with .
There are two main advantages of teachers deciding what subjects taught in schools .
My everyday interaction with my students has been my everyday fulfillment .
Family characteristics such as eye and hair colour are inherited by children from their parents as well as some diseases and mental disorders .
Educational institutions should guide students to have better self - understanding and self - assessing , not persuading them to follow the pre - decided road .
And now I can easily speak about many shopping facilities in my city .
Come and visit the Colosseum and discover it 's beauty !
It is an invledible forest place , the ground is full of low grass and there is a little river where you can swim , is is the perfect place to have a quiet day .
This will help them as a method to study or review for the exam and reduce their levels of stress .
When she made step out , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
So in this case the money are more important than other things .
Although , another time , we had to create a team for doing sport , and they did n't choose me .
I am a fluent English speaker as I had a chance to pass my childhood at Kent .
How are things ? I have finished my exam yet . I came back Linares two days ago .
Owing a pet is popular today even if their home is in a big city .
It is very important to know how we can improve our health .
Above all I am interested in films .
So , my bills from water are inexpensive , because I swap to have a bath than take a shower .
Have you ever thought what you can do to help the environment ?
In my opinion art gallery Oko Miasta would be the best place You can visit with your group .
It 's not a secret that gas , insurance and reparings are costly .
one of my passions in this world is help people , any kind of people , old , disability , poor people and kids .
Attachment we return you back text of the doctoral thesis of , directed by Dr. , requesting you to fill out the detailed report of evaluation , also enclosed .
As a consequence I am prepared to work long hours .
my name is Mustafa I am 23 years old and I am Student in collage I search for job but I do n't find a job
Nowadays people usually use the car all the days , actually for most of the diary things ; despite the fact that there is small amount of people that travel in public transport .
I am writing in reply to your advert , which was advertised in the local Newspaper on 31 May 2008 .
Writing emails in English can sometimes be hard .
He is not chasing after the ball , is not fighting enough to Keep it In the case he would really Need the Money , he would behave totally different .
Clearly , Taiwan will not be the next Greece .
I hope that my report helped you , and Active Leisure Club will improve its facilities .
She was always involved with school trips connected with political places like court or government .
This summer I would like to come to one of your camps around the USA .
Public transport means travelling around the world and cities by using trains , buses , taxi , airplanes etc .
That is a wonderful capacity of some good writers .
There are many countries which should be complete the military service when people who reach 18 such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore .
This is in our honest opinion not acceptable , because in the brochure you talked about more than one restaurant .
It 's not the efford they have applied or all the hopes they had .
The narrator directly indicates the functions of the mobile application .
In your message , you said that you need to find a famous people in my country and need some suggestions from me .
The new activity which I have thought it could be organised and it could have success is called " The Club of dicussion " .
I am writing with regard to find accounting services for my company .
If you get lost in the metro do n't worry .
That 's why I love learning foreign languages .
It is true , that water sports are not the most usual there , however , I enjoy practising them every summer on the beach .
" The reality of transportation is that it is future oriented .
Disaster on the environment not only cause many problems to human but also to all diversity of life .
It could also be really comfortable but we do n't use it often .
For instance , I hope I will be able to get to know everything about recycling rubbish and economizing energy .
Because we did n't live in any English native country , we had tried as much as possible to create an English speaking environment .
I am trying my best hope I will pass my course and get a good job .
For example , India has high rate of unemployment , hunger , poverty which leads to an immense embrassment of being Indian .
What kind of deal can we do with local suppliers ?
I hope that I can give you some help for your project .
They just want to forget about the past and focus on the present .
The second problem may be solved by car - sharing .
- And I forget to add that you must do some morning exercises .
-Looking after children aged 8 - 12 .
Moreover , I went to Vilnius primary school and invites schoolchildren to come to a concert .
After that kiss , Elizabeth was very surprised , but Jason was a little bit rigid .
Therefore you do n't have any time to relax , which is essential , even from your leisure duties .
Soccer is one of the most games in the world and I like it very much .
He was going to be alone for the next 90 years .
There has never been any intention of hiding the truth as you said .
At the end of a decade in which technology has made enormous leaps , I am thinking about how much present vision of house will change in the future .
I can go to Paris for a long weekend , for example .
I am very sorry but I can not accept this !
The last low sound of the doorbell finished to wake me up."I am not dreaming " I thought , ¿ Who is ringing at this time?Then I jumped out of the bed and went down fast the upstairs .
online courses etc . television is more important media we can improve our language with the help of the television.now we can see
I am interested in your advertisement you post in an English language magazine .
In the chateau is an exhibition of snakes and spiders .
Studentd can attend courses when they decide , but always respecting due dates .
I wanted to be a programmer since I was 14 years old .
On the day after I went back home .
But tell me , what else has been going on with you ?
I 'm going to buy a DVD from ' Frozen ' .
It calmes me down and freaks me out at the same time .
Only a few seconds separated her from the jump to the water .
But the most important issue is the improvement of the general organization .
In conclusion I think you should give up your music classes .
It 's been a long time since we last contact each other .
For all the people I advise to start to play or watching football because for me it is a very good sport , but you can play a good football only if you really like it , because first football is fun .
To sum - up , neither cars nor public transport is considered the perfect option , but considering long term consequences as is nowadays common in some European countries , bicycles are the best way .
Positiv things about the online lernign are dat you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do nt have to carry so much paper with you , also your on your own and in your own lerning speed what makes it more spesific on the user it selfs . maybe your more confortable on your Smartphone then with papers .
At last , my mother comforted me and gave me a glass of warm milk .
However , friends can be as a family and fulfil all this functions , too .
I think that this will be dramatic ! also all relationships and friendships will be virtual , and that is absurd .
Bauer 's fourth novel is an originally surprising thriller which includes an astonishing view of Aspergen syndrome from the prospective of Patrick , a trainee medicine student .
The main idea is keep the body , take the mind .
We should n't underestimate the importance of societal and environmental problems .
In addition every person has different tastes , choices and preferences .
For me , as a passionated Soccer Player , it is a good Point to consider .
In a few sentences we can get an idea of what it is .
Finally , the traffic jam is much less if people use public transport than using private cars ; the developed countries have built a public transport system so to avoid traffic jam , why people not using it ?
I think that my college must provide an activity which is focused on the social abilities and it teaches you how you must speak in front of a multitude , and why not could be this ?
But I can think of a thousand reasons why I should quit .
I have been teaching English for 5 years already and I would dare to say that this job was made for me .
Could you tell me the most important attractions around your city ?
Some thought that volunteers should involve careless people in many project to keep their city attractive and marvelous .
Nowadays we can easily get information which we need through the Internet , in the newspapers , on the TV .
Do we know the real meaning of the word bullying .
If you go there , tell me what do you think .
Like Nadia Comaneci or Gica Hagi , they are two people which succeeded in their sport but with perseverance and ambition .
Anyway great to hear that you got the job you really wanted and that you enjoy it quite a lot .
See my curriculum vitae , enclosed , for more details .
However , this also is an opportunity to meet up and work with them every week , whose English is their first language , to improve my oral communication skills and persuasion .
My smaller sister wants to go to the beach so that if she is not a problem she could come with us .
He is a famous artisan baker who lives in my town .
Home of the future will look more or less the same as the home of the present .
Personally , I think the best time to come is in the summer .
He did n't recover yet from the last scare he had that day .
We have different cultures here , and two main languages , Arabic and Amazigh .
It was a shorter soap opera , only ten chapters , but at the end it seems you know them for a long time .
While William Shakespeare wrote his plays and made the Thespian art to flourish in England , in Russia was very dim and sinister period of Ivan IV the Terrible 's reign .
Suddenly , I felt so nervous and I did not know why .
We were told to choose biscuits and the guides paid for us .
After some time when you will be feeling that you are ready for more , you can start to study more difficult exercises .
Jake could only move around by using the few expensive taxis available .
I recommend visiting the artificial lake in the certer of the city which is surrounded by a park .
Will we can to compress ducts manually ?
Maybe , bus comes too early or too late for me to go to work .
But with a heavy heart I have to agree with this statement .
Those are a great place where families have a good time while they enjoy the countryside .
If the distance to destination is short , we could replace driving by walking or cycling .
I hope you can imagine how much I like my hobby .
It is a good self defence ... it is object , simple and fast .
You may think of the time machine , it would only be seen on movie .
The first of all I should say that I like a lot of kinds of sports .
I began practise this sport three years ago when I lost my work .
I am writing in regard to the environmental problem you are researching .
Some people just watch tv the whole day long , and stay in their houses .
Apart from that , even greater is the pollution of seas and rivers .
But this thinks of l … lo … love , can put me very nervous- the blush comes again .
I imagine I am not the only one who could donate books .
Jeyatharini Deshpande
In my home country , when I was in the University it has a little bit easy for me to follow the educational policies .
Like our ancestors would have never imagined that we can now fly in the sky by plane .
and the mother thinks she is lyeing but after a while she believe her and started searching for the intruders .
School programmes and technology could be effective methods to achieve this goal .
How are things ? I get your message last week .
i myself , by seeing the river filled with garbage , always seems to be disgusted by the stench and the unpleasant look from the garbage .
Another good feeling is the speed when you gallop .
Therefore , they do not have much time to help their communities .
I think that the real problem that makes our schools so out - of - date comparing to that of other countries is the way teachers get in touch with students and transmit them their knowledge .
I was impressed by the production because of the its valuable plot .
It is a really good book that should n't bee missed .
Furthermore Scout often reacts very impulsive , mostly in young age .
Recycling is both a popular and an undervalued method .
In my opinion , the public transport has future because this is cheaper than other transport , also its pollution is lower .
She could n't be more than twenty - two .
After the inquiry Michael was put behind the bars and the girl went away .
As evidenced by the school visit toured by a polite , cheerful and confident P2 student under the Angel Scheme , we opine your school vision has been managed to a large extent .
When I started to study here in Australia . I have been found the difference of curriculum in my home country .
My usual stance with this kind of person is to listen .
On the other hand , we can find arguments against this statement .
No one should forgive him for what he did .
You send me a lot of information , but the most important was about the culture .
The maintenance responsibility of those slopes belongs to the CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd.
As a result , not only is public transport the option they have , but it is also the only one .
In my opinion , firstly , new bilding on the banks must forbidden at all .
In addition , I am a team player with good interpersonal skills .
There are denying that the environment are changed by behavior of people and animals .
Villages on the other hand , doing their best to reduce the load of domestic waste .
" You two are finally here . I know who you are "
I am a very dynamic , creative and proactive person and I possess a strong work ethic .
Beacuse we were borned in ' the internet generation ' as everyone says , so this aspect might be helpful for us .
My fingers were almost cut so my dad wrapped my fingers in bandage and we drove to the doctor as fast as we could .
I introduced myself , and as I thought , they were vising from a different city .
His whole life , he only wished for one thing and that was to be popular .
For instance , clothes , shoes , toys , electronic devices , etc .
Bra is a small village of Italy and it is also my town .
His brother Paul had been searching something in his bedroom and it seemed to be a completely mess .
So we rushed out the restaurant on suspicion of theft .
Cars replaced the horse , and even plane have replaced the cars for long distance transportation .
Twenty minutes had passed , but Sarah was still inside the house .
That moment a bit changed my life because I 've started to write more and more stories .
on this date the BBC released the new series of Doctor who ...
I think we should use internet carefully and keep use it with cautious .
Is this more in the evening or on the weekend ?
We can experience the most extraordinary dreams without harmful effects to our personalities .
Success in a job depends on the amount of theoretical knowledge that a person had in academic institution .
Then there went to the cinema and saw the Harry Potter film .
Once upon a time , there was a monster on the city called " Michenstain " .
The men usually choose sports programs , which are really popular on the TV nowadays .
I am sorry if I do not understood in your previous e - mails .
Furthermore , it is better for the planet to ride a bike instead of a car because cycling does n't produce any pollution .
Nowadays , it is hard for many young people to do physical exercise frequently .
However , possibilities to make the youth healthier are also provided by our modern civilisation .
I have at home lots of books here and in my country but I like to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look on charithy and bootsale because I can find lots of nice books and a very good price for them .
Also , aliens did not get me and practice surgery on me .
no of all people could afford to make conveyenc by car .car is easy and cozy also but public transprt is fair is much affordable to all clasess of poeple
Is a quiet and beautiful city with many things to do and a lot of places to go .
Paparazzoes make public their day - to - day routine , hobbies and passions .
Additionally , people can learn more things from foreign TV programs and movies .
He is one of the most persevering people I know .
But in Egypt no one takes his right you should pay a lot of money to have a job or knowing someone use his authority to appoint you .
Parents ' words is key to restrict their kids ' actions .
Second , the government should publicize the awareness of protection
I can stop at my favorite coffee shop to buy drinks for breakfast .
Also , Japanese think highly of the enjoyment of bathing in a clean environment .
Also most of the children grow up spoiled because of the large amount of money of their family , and they grow up with the thing that they want more and more things .
I am really proud of my city because there are few .
The reasons for use is dependent on the individual and the circumstances .
I have to say that everybody has the right to have a private life although they are famous .
Perhaps it is time to do an experiment and hit a pause button and reflect upon this subject matter .
If you play cricket you are surely going to burn many bad calories adhered inside your body .
The inspection always have three results , the good quality sheets , the bad sheet or the partially damaged sheets .
My best result is 15 km , but I guess awhile .
And they need someone to help them and guide them through it all .
i remember that the first present my mother gave me was the badminton racket .
Students do the check ( tablet or notebook , software ) .
I would be glad if I could get an interview for giving you more details about my work experience , skills or what you need to ask me .
Michael thought it would just be easy talking to this girl .
Homes in general will be more airy .
For the better life and world why not take public transport .
I wonder if the citizen in my country and town could make a better environment area by throwing garbage on its place and try using an eco - friendly transportation .
I have read your call for marketing professionals on your corporate website .
In itself , the film did n't have an especially topic , but I can describe it like friend 's film as appears lot of laughts , jokes , and it reflected that friendship is the greatest thing that exists .
How people 's lives will change in the future ?
Rubbish recycle is the biggest problem in Kyyiv in my opinion .
I think that I gave good reasons and I hope that you will accept me .
But this kind of food is expensive and the people can not buy .
For nowadays I see around me kids who are pleased in everything by their parents : they buy them whatever they want , and behave as " friends " .
You should dress appropriately for the job that you want to get .
There is an open - air cinema , but it opens only after 10.00 PM .
It is large , clean and comforktable and has air conditioning and internet wifi
I hope to improve my English skills thanks to this journey , and especially my listened and spoken English .
More than that , all the classes are free .
They meet new people and make friends with students from different countries .
On short distances , maybe one or two hundred miles , a car is ideal .
For that reason , fomenting the use of public transport has been the main concern of most of modern governments .
Also I visited the USA multiple times : I travelled the west coast from San Diego to San Francisco , I 've been to Las Vegas , Chicago and Boston .
While they can not express their emotions in our ordinary ways .
On the other hand , motorbikes do also have drawbacks .
I had a really nice experience working in a cinema . I would n't have done it unless my friend Lucy who encouraged me .
On the one hand , you need a sport to keep fit .
I 'm very tiring day , when I go and went straight to bed .
Sometimes I go to the beach and I swim in the sea .
I really liked to work with special effects and the best thing that I learnt a lot about that tehnology .
She did not want to remember anything further on that night .
Besides , there are no results that can be analysed or checked .
Now on days , we are still together , and we are as happy as in our beginning .
This strategy shows its profession and reliability for its target customers .
Compared with local shops , products ' price in shoping mall is considerably higher than that in local shops but it offers more varieties of products .
You may come across something , such as luxury bags , but you can not buy it because of the tight budget .
I do not have experience to work in the kitchens , but a like cooking , I am living alone I do housework myself and meals .
It can be amazing to see different sprecies of animals which are no more live .
The most common are bus and train , but in the cities people can use tram , subway or boat and for the long distance they can take a flight .
To begin with , I am a fluent speaker of English . I've worked in a noumerous camps the previous summer .
Response : I am seeking a salary in the € 40000 range plus benefits .
On the last floor is the food court , closed aired which is by far too populated and full of smoke .
A sweet olive tree was planted with his ashes .
Tanta will be attractive city and it will be important tourism point in the future .
As you know that , soccer is a sport which has many people in a group , so it requires us unite and assistance together .
Thank you so much for your consideration ; I look forward to hearing from you .
I am impressed a cabaret who performed during the festival .
Day , date and season dictate the ever interesting & changing menu at this restaurant .
The newcomer could only watch it with a shy smile .
However , there was no way he could remember what it was .
In my opinion people should bulid some kind of wildlife parks . This solution will allow
But now a days automobile companies are more focused on the improvements of the cars so that the can be more environment friendly and traffic friendly .
Apart from this the small difference between the ages is also an advantage .
When I came back from my job , in the afternoon , I wear something comfortable , take my bike and go away over the street alone with my thoughts and no one could disturb me .
In my country you can do a lot of efforts to take care of the environment , but the bad culture in our people is a great problem .
You should build one to improve the popularity of your leisure club .
I chose always my clothes because only me know my favourite clothes and when I was child my toys .
They meet by chance and started a tortuous relationship as friends .
Second , tthese days television become modern and it make television can connected with internet .
My wife likes to go outside when she is free , she likes to visit touristic places .
Is the Internet the greatest invention of all time ?
Everyone is terryfied and find out that a demon is attached by the doll .
Furthermore you will increase the course fee by 15% from next month .
Like in all the seaside towns , it 's always windy there .
I suppose you 'd like to hear about my experience .
I hope to return to my country and see you again .
She told me not good at all , but my was good and she also added that you may got the chance and finally I got it .
Now I 'm thinking about the present , what do you like ?
I am writing to apply for the job advertised on your webpage .
I always go to have a pizza in a restaurant near my house . "
First , as the technology developed , we may find visiting museum is far from convenient .
He went with the trip from California to Texas and then to Phoenix .
The user of the transports mean are differ , the public ones are able to carry big number of travelers , where as the private means used by very little number of people .
He is tired and because of winter he wears a warm coat .
Previously , the most women used to get a baby after the wedding with their partners , but today , it is not so important anymore .
But is that big problem in our life or small problem or it really does not matter ?
homewer a lot of him ca n't reach this scope for a lot of reasons : no money , the height ( all team require a tall player ) and so on .
In this case , restrictions should be implemented by the government .
However , Mary saw a young man with baseball cap taking away something .
And the more won competitions , the more proud was I of myself .
I have no idea why we had to learn those legends which were full of darkness , torture and violences .
We prepared it for a long time , but I had wonderful experience .
I 'm very cheerful to and I rarely lose my temper .
My " private menu " included fresh eat like salad , fish , fruit and vegetables - many options healthy food .
But there was no one , absolutely no one , I 'm scary , I yell and scream , look and look but I had no result
The principals cause for famine in Africa are the ethnic conflicts , which causes warms ; the decrease of fertile grounds and the use of ground only to produce monocultures to export .
After that sheets of bank notes are printed , there are differences and specials for it , it use special ink , and print colors on both side , images are slightly rised .
In this way I would have the chance to spend my holidays in your enjoyable country and at the same time study .
I could have been pulled over the snowy cliff by Joe 's fall , in my effort to pull him up instead .
I am writing this letter to apply for the post of the staff advertised in the Tuoitre newspaper of 13 March .
When they want to find foods , there will be nothing .
I think that it is a really good option to achieve experience and for doing different and interesting things , like organise sport activities , and funny activities for children .
In the summer around the lake are so many concerts so you have the difficulty finding the right one .
The government should raise taxes for pay for the service .
It encourages customer to purchase its services and truly make use of it .
Public transport is still vital part of society and should remain as it is .
It can provide an opportunity for people to complete work during the journey .
Moreover if it is a really nice group it is funnier to work with them than to work alone .
He participated a lot of times on the meeting , like a leader , he went against the law for several times .
By increasing the veriety of cars with new technolgy , people 's demand hasnt ' stop .
Nowadays trains and buses are usually packed and the ticket fares are very expensive .
I play hockey and basketball , two sports that are simply perfect .
It is very helpful to be communicative in Polish language at least on a basic level .
It was said you would stand up for elderly and ill people but nothing had changed .
I 've been thinking about what you said to me the previous week .
They cost too much to own them , and to run them .
I 'm very eclectic , but also fierce where I should be .
Privacy invasion seems to be an absolute right of media .
Chic & Creative Dessert Lounge
Different from the original test mention on the text , that all the participants were american and native speakers from that language , it was really easy to understand what was in the computer screen .
The police chief should reinforce their patrol officers to tackle the crime .
First , you have to select the city New York , Barcelona , etc .
Then by car we can enjoy the scenery , share laugh , change our destination by sudden and many more .
On the other hand there are a lot of disadvantages of owing a pet in big citiew .
If not , they would not make the investment of a car , pay its maintenance cost and fuel .
Nowadays there are many ways to public transportation such as underground , buses , and etc . but is a reality that the people prefer to move by car .
The last but not the least , Trivago wants to boost its download rate in the mobile application platforms .
So , normally the use of the car is for pleasure .
They ignore using full range of joint motion to avoid the pain sensation .
She went to the kitchen and saw a beautifully prepared breakfast .
When the people travel by car is for work , holidays or for other motive .
Mini vacation can be fun but sometimes boring because you haven't planned anything for the vacation .
In my family travel in the taxi , because the taxi is fast and secure .
If you feel like to eat something , there is a lot of well - known restaurants , and have different country meals .
Based on author 's two concern , the statement that drew a conclusion to prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza is not a thoughtful and wise decision .
This one is very important because it contaminates so much .
We built a pilot plant to test our investigations in the laboratory .
Most teens tend to create their unique style , often managing to start a fashion of their own .
I would like to suggest improving the website in the following ways .
I believe that it 's a good thing to share to everyone .
Our congregation has carried educational family camps with the support of NNNs Integration programme for 8 years .
Besides , public transport is very crowded with people at peak hours .
Finally people can experiment the Milanese nightlife in the area of the Navigli , which are really crowded from 19 till late .
Your new friends seem to be crazy guys , in a good way , of course .
I could never have guessed what was about to happen .
They can climb on " Black Tower " and listen to singing from the town hall .
One day , a little Egyptian boy read a book about Umrah .
In north of the city people sell all types of food .
Here they all directly responded with a ' yes ' too .
I think it would be important that , not only in the family , but also in the school could be grow a new generaion sensible to ecological problems of the earth .
I did n't use to believe in that people would do everything for advantage , even betraying family and friends .
Some of them think global warming is the most significant problem , despite others believe deforestation has a higher impact on our world .
Even travel by car , in my opinion , has a lot of problems .
Most people who play Tennis are always ready and proud about themselves .
For example , regularly examine the situation of airplanes is needed , at the same time , teaching people how to act when facing the emergency .
We were saw the stadium , backed to car and wanted to drove to Bydgoszcz .
Doors will open by our voice , footprint or retina scan .
I think the Kazimierz is one of the most beautiful places in Poland .
My town is very , very big with a lot of people .
However , Facebook , as well as many other social networking sites , has its dark side too .
primarily , because being a developer is my dream job and secondly because developers make a lot of money .
After the police took him away , Mary and Amber kept enjoying their food .
I feel very strongly that computer games could be an enjoyable way to do physical exercise without going out of home .
I recommend you to watch this film and I think you will no regret .
Perhaps there was every chance that Joe could have survived the fall !
Television can entertain everybody today , it does n't matter the age , can be a baby or an oldest person , we can notice that there are interesting topics for all kinds of audience .
Then she started talking : " Welcome pretty boy , I am waiting for you , please sit down " .
Suddenly , he heard something , was it an animal ? , he thinked .
Environment is the sorrounding.there is no aleartness in our locality.they were busy in their own work.everyone were not focus or see what hapening in our place.they use to speak about how hot today is?but they do nt know what makes this much hot.iam interest in planting tree and makes sorrounding clean.some people used to burn forest as if those forest is useless.man are greedy because of all the thing getting from the forest are free .
In other words , no matter how far you live , a good friend will always support to you .
So tell me what you think and let me know .
It was a man in his late thirties , very thin and light grey eyes .
I am living at São Carlos , in the countryside of São Paulo , from Brazil .
They return and Symba gets to be the lion king .
They offer a wide range of choice from souvenir items such as pictures , jewellries to local specialities with a reasonble price to suit different interests of people .
At that moment he seemed like the new Steven Spielberg .
Find a job in Italy is n't as easy as you think , because the
However , now it seems that they do not care what happens .
The article and the lecture are about the attitude towards taking medical experiments on animals .
Most people use leather or fabric bags for their everyday life .
I just had to make sure nobody was hungry or thirsty .
I would not say that there is no future for public transport .
I will find out someone who know the agency 's manager , and you will
That feeling tells you what you will feel inside the room . " .
For the second problem the solution for me is to hire someone to do the maintenance and say to all of the students to take care of the machines of the school
The primary students are touch many different life skills by teachers at school .
At first and important change is about eating prepared food that is n't healthy usually , its reason probably woman 's life stile that is going to big change in the way that they do n't like staying at home and spend their time to making food , now they prefer to buy prepared good .
I often tidy my room and do the washing on Sunday morning .
I regret to inform you that if you do not offer my apologies and a compensation for all the disturbance caused to me I would go to the main authority .
or you just have what is essential for education and university fees .
Programming language is great choice for teaching kids to program .
Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world .
The truth is that everybody had really high expectations of him .
Instead , I suppose that public transport will play an essential part in future life .
As you well know , rose 's life is your hands " she said and keep talking:" ... You are the only one , that can save her life , but before you must comply with your promise"."I Know it " he replied with a sad tone .
The most important is that you can learn a valueabe lesson from failure .
I look forward to heraing from you as soon as possible .
I hope I do n't bother you too much with my redecoration , knowing how busy you are .
We are offered a lot of bargains in this kind of shop .
So in my opinion I agree with the statement that there is no future of public transport .
It 's does actually reminding me of my favorite video game , which is called Minecraft you must have heard about it .
An enormous amount of additional attractions for viewer provided me with unforgettable feelings .
The fare is high compared to other European countries and the fare system is complicated .
Nervously , we walked back .
For many of children participating in this camp is the only opportunity to spend time with the coevals and to feel fully - fledged members of the society .
Thus , the aim of this letter is to explore the possibility of realizing an internship in your company .
There you will see one of the most beautiful biome that you have seen .
If the sheet is good or partialy damaged , it can be packed and delivered by veichals after cutted in to separate notes .
My name is Daniela and I 'm eighteen years hold .
Later that night , while Michael was cheerful chatting with the barman , his mobile phone emitted a sound .
The automobilindustries have to work on a plan that self driving can be bought by people oft he middle class too .
Jogging has existed since the beginning of the earth .
She did n't know anything and still waited in pain .
Public transport are for some people one good solution for many reasons , such as , they can save money and travel quickly .
Although citizens usually obey those rules , in some cases they are completely neglected .
The killers partner felt guilty for a moment but then the killer told him : ' He earned it .
Nevertheless , public transport still provides several advantages in comparison to taking the car .
Then Robert smailed and giving his hand towards hers said : ' I have missed you a lot ' .
So , train is intermidiate way to tarvel .
1 . All the people who work in the club are attentive and professional
By accident we ran into a good fairy who , with the young learned to all language in the world and thus led our stadium .
Almost everybody have at this moment at least one account on a social media like Facebook or LinkedIn .
Our earth is getting sick as days go by .
Thriller name : Killer shadow
Finally , the day to comes to England had arrived .
I look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience .
Now a days everybody have conditions to buy a television , so the numbers of the tv viwers get up ; even being poor or rich ; most can watch a movie , or a documentary .
It is easy to see when we walking around or when we go to some walk .
The bell rang and all the students left the class .
Basketball is a perfect sport because you can develop your reflections and your ships with people .
My dad and my grandfather had run their own business for more than 20 years .
Once I was 18 years old , I had to make an important decision about my university major .
Television allowed me to learn how to speak Catalan correctly and it also gave me a good conversation issue to talk with friends .
She was quiet , but interesting at the same time .
When integrate of the economy and land planning are accomplished , the public transport constrcutions are convenient for people to use .
Being crowded in front of the employee makes people uncomfortable .
The line separating you from the people you work with .
In my opinion the weather is better today than yesterday .
Louis told them that it was related to an instrument to explore new places .
We do the collection , to recycle as many things as possible .
Nowadays , there 's more to school than sitting quietly at the desk and saving mathematical equations .
I want to give advice to people who love thing type of sport ; please do not let it go , and do it as you can , because it 's a benefit sport .
NASA replied that Rosetta will keep on its journey on travelling across the Universe .
However , a recent graduate will be avid to accumulate knowledge and fearless of trying a different approach .
Today i want to talk with you about the process of making bank notes .
Homeless people tend to unable to collect information because of lack in means to do it .
Because that 's what an outside criterion is needed for .
I 'm pretty excited to be in London from the 11th .
It 's a very difficult decision for me too .
I feel that he is near to me that he listens to me every word that I pray .
Therefore , it is likely to imminent that public transport will no longer exist in future .
Also I have a degree in IT for the Google University , I did that course online .
In my opinion , sport plays a great role in our life .
I have always wanted to be part of something like this .
I have also been preparing for the level 6 test since then .
It is like " Everybody has it , I need it too ! "
public transport means mainly pubic bus.people used to travell long disistance by publis bus .it is possible to carry large number of people of different places to carry in bus .
We look forward this letter will make you back down and apologize to the ones that vote for your lies .
We should spend less time worrying and more time being happy !
I often think what happened if I would make all these effort on my own business ?
First , I showed you what is sexual harassment .
Is he a romantic and a killer in one ?
Chinese , Spanish and Portuguese no one of those languagues are so popular as English is .
Often I go to the gym with my friend , Vanessa ,
The weather report said the ceiling was at 180 metres .
To illustrate my point of view I want to give some examples .
I am also part of a charity organisation in my local town , we
Then Ferrari with Michael decided for a new collaboration , so the greatest become a test driver tried to improve the car out of the racers .
Alice had gone through the entire world , from the hottest desert to the highest mountain .
Regardless of the mode of transport , fares are very affordable .
So television entertains , but can it also educate ?
She devoted all her free time to experiments on linking the math homework with programming of the music equalizer .
You can also enjoy the company of those travellers sharing the same transport .
Young people want to find a good job here , but they are working in mc donal 's or burguer king for a low salary .
Film stars and politicans are interesting for people because of their talents and special abilities .
Anyway , I wonder whether it would be useful and able to increase our culture and help us to be more critic towards life rather than impose its power on us .
Today we have a lot of different sports , so we can choose something that really fits ourselves .
The first times may be hard , in that they require a preparation a sedentary person does not have .
While 53% of the boys never do that .
The pleasure and your will will help you to succeed and to get the best scores .
Breakfast should be a shot of energy in my opinion .
Also , some people would never do what they want without queues .
The public transportation will rich , so they can build more station for suburban and more public car to carry this .
I have praticed swimming for 3 years , I am a good swimmer and I have competed in differents tournament of swimming .
Although I took part in many competitions , there are one which was the most enjoyable experience in my life .
You can go to the swimming club , that is a way to meet people with interesting of same .
The day before I started to freak out thinking that I was meeting them .
One of them , the most famous and the most used , is Facebook .
I would like to ask you if you like mountains ?
He did n't know why everybody was in love with him .
In the reconquest age the stronghold never downfall with a direct assault , finally the Castellan 's army after a large siege force to the government surrender it .
it has , such as the swimming pool and the gym as well .
He only agrees to take over cases nobody else could solve and most of the time he succeeds .
I believe my job experiences can help me to be a better graduate school student of financial accounting .
On top of that was there tension at all times .
It 's in AL - Sulaymanyiah district .
It was so nice to hear from you again !
And finally only I tell you that you should do some sport It is good for us life .
People board these buses out of compulsion as they have to reach office on time .
This has led to high unemployment in many countries .
Truly , there is no future for public transport .
Suddenly my plane began to act up , I was losing control .
I hope I have convinced all of you to go walking .
Shopping can be seen as the most effective way to spend free time .
So I was just thinking how to convince her .
Running keeps you fit in two ways as you get your body and you mind active and healthy .
Ken was not a small guy , short hair , sharp teeth and nose , light skin , blond hair and sky - blue eyes .
ARE YOUR FAMILY MEMBERS YOUR BEST FRIENDS ?
Long after that due such I was a natural talent about engeneering , I began to write books and essays about everything realted with my job .
There is some truth in the claims that watching movies and TV programs is a relaxed activity .
It 'll show if you can be trusted or not .
Many countries build more and more buildings affect people quality of life .
The play lover , King James I was impressed and became the patron of the Lord Chamberlain 's Men .
There happened several serious natural or man - made disasters in this year .
Some people think there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Last mouth I went to Machalilla National Park with my friends .
In fact , my mother is my idol , my angel .
REPORT ON THE COURSE " Good design using DTP "
The wait is not long , only a few minutes .
Firstly , travelling by bus or in other public transport,(as underground ) , help us to decrease the emissions of gas , which causes pollution and global warming .
Unlike Taiwan 's senior high schools students , their sleeping time average in eight hours even more .
University of Southern Denmark organized an experiment , which aimed to examine how well robotics techniques named I - BLOCKS ( a modular electronic building block system ) could do on language tests .
The organisation has reached its current position , because of people like you .
However , the family is near you since the day you were born until forever .
After I have been to live in England with my family I have goton the feel very much indeed .
Maleficent finds Aurora and they become friends .
Money is another reason why we do not always enjoy the shopping .
This is an opportunity excellent for me because I want to work like English teacher .
Thirdly , the global warming is a serious issue for human who live in the earth .
Someone came and opened the bathroom and I got my keys and started to work .
They should have healthy habits and with their examples they can improve the habits of the population .
He did homework from his books so his mother might believe it .
Most of people in this world ca n't live without technology .
Stopping public transport not going to gain anything rather than impact will be unpredictable .
My father is 73 years old , his name is Brahim .
Kitchen will be better eguipped , may be with smart appliances and people , who ca n't cook , will prepare the meal by yourself .
Secondly it 's not comfortable.becouse you every day drives instead of relaxing and enjoy the enviroment
One way is to put advertising on the internet and use social networks .
In the first paragraph , I 've written that the transportation development will never lose place for public transport .
On one hand the public transport is good because it does n't pollute so much and you can muve around all the city .
And in the evening you can go to the open - air cinema .
However , step by step we will work our way up .
Moreover , I had the chance to share with them the recipe of Italian pizza .
What to you feel are the main causes of this ?
I have been working with children since I was aged 16 .
There is no secret , that everybody needs at least one person to share his troubles or happiness with .
They drank Zamzam water and wore Umrah clothes .
It was about the life in the ocean and the consequences of climate change .
In conclusion , the adoption of Australian academic culture has developed strategies for my learning .
So , shopping does not always provide good feelings .
There were two slices of a bread and a little apple inside the packet .
And there is a risk of hiring a spokesperson as he may not bring an expected return for the company .
I am tall , around 2 meters , black hair and blue eyes .
My best friend is Jennifer Giordano , she 's Pretty and Smart .
For one , younger workers bring creativity and fresh ideas to government .
You can see monuments , theatres , beaches and different shops .
Thank for your help and I hope you will find the best company for me .
Some people think young people spend enough time to help their communities ; however , others disagree with the idea .
At last , Blink fills people with dread about the circumstances they live in by feeling unfamiliar .
Time was n't passing fast enough for Peter .
Finally , I will have high salary when I am Journalist .
On the other hand , buses and subways can accommodate more passengers while a car can only contains 4 to 5 people totally .
The Gambia is visited by many tourist because of him .
That get to the second problem I had , and stay now : my weight .
Furthermore , the government should go out of their ways stand united in a way which joint endeavours could be effective globally .
Young people are not only have to spend much time to make them be professional in one specific subject , they also have to know a wide range of knowledge .
In a recent time privet transport is more convenient than public transportation , although public transport like buses , train , ferries and intercity rail are consuming less time and energy but sometimes its create problems .
The first partial tests were going to be soon .
You can play it with your friends and have a good time .
Jack Pollard a street fighter known as Crazy dog lives downtown LA .
We have a lot of bins around the area , so now we can throw our litters whenever we are .
But if you leave the city about 30 km , there are a lot of rivers and waterfalls .
His Sara was there , all along she was there for him .
I did a Master in Business Management in the prestigious University of Harvard .
The people think that the public transport is only the bus , but the public transport is the bus , the taxis , train and subway .
World is progressing rapidly , day by day there is a new ways of transportation , there is a new technology .
I 've just finished reading 50 shades off Grey ....
I am pretty sure that most people even wish for that .
On the other hand , you might find yourself getting homesick .
The young couple continued forward until they reached him .
The light bulb was created on 1879 by Thomas Alva Edison .
Siblings are another strong point to support this statement .
Now these days public would not like to travel in the public Transport to save their time as well as money .
I think that is an important illness because it affects the family of alcoholic people .
In conclusion this will get everyone feel part of the company and have everyone 's opinions .
Advances in computer science have created a tremendous leap in technical innovations .
It is situated in Kagran and can be easily reached by subway .
And I usually spend my vacation with my family during school break .
Nevertheless , others consider learning ideas and concept is the best way to confront many academic and real - life problems .
I had 25 children and it is a good number for working well .
Is Ms. Gretchen still giving you trouble ?
Every day , there are many articles and news information that talking about the benefits that you get if you practise sport .
I think not , but a democracy " country " .
I want to talk about a restaurant called " Bierkeller "
I love him and I hope he loves me back .
My qualifications include a broad experience as a childminder and in organising sports activities .
How about going out with me and my friends ?
I describe myself as a sociable , responsible , trustworthy and hardworking person which likes working with children .
Consequently , it makes audience unfamiliar with their circumstances .
So no , my members in my biological family is n't my best friends .
Three words that describe me is : Sporty , friendly and happy .
On the other hand , the economic situation plays an important role .
But personally , my favorite way to travel is by plane .
that people take for granted and regard as perfectly normal .
Just imagine that you are sitting in the broken car , at night , without any sign of a car service for fifty miles around you !
And you can earn more money and you can go to other countries .
firstly , the fare of public transport is cheaper compared with buying a new car .
He has never been serious on the entire 17 years of his life .
After that say hi and go with him inside , he told me that our mom was goon to a trip for a week and we have to take care of my little sister .
He liked the trend of everyone being fat in America , that way he could fit in .
Michael taught that he could use his father 's car , and borrow some money from his mother .
Ipad , smartphone , genetic food engineering , all of them have one thing in common -they changed our lives dramatically .
People enjoy listening to the original audio , which entails realism and naturalness .
Do I think that public transport will gone in the future ?
If you have any specially eating customs , will you tell me ?
Michael did n't mean to sound ungrateful , because he was delighted , but the timing was n't anything but the worst .
Students have started to use their own cars than the bus .
My piece of advice to take up a hobby , in this case a physical hobby , which is interesting for your health .
" Do n't they know what is happening ? "
We need to respect other sports and other people 's perspectives .
But I doubt I can read his face like you do . "
He put on a jacket and a scarf and left again .
I recently joined a campaign program in Manila , Philippines dedicated to protecting and preserving our natural resources .
These were my first feeling when I did the mistake .
In conclusion , I believe that public transport should have future .
We always rent a little cottages from a sheep farmer and now we know his family .
There are several big plazas in the center in the town .
You should take a look at the things your children have at their reach .
I advice my guys who suffer from laziness and overweight , try to walk one hour at least and after that they will like this sport .
I really love take care of myself and so the last years I decided to do walking every day in the evening .
Of course , Do n't have a car license people ca n't drive a car .
And we can find different reasons to be interested in this type of events .
For example , the organic rubbish can be used as fertilizer , the metal scrap can be taken to the melting factory as well as the glass .
After the war , the gold has been left in the house .
Have you ever driven on the crowded city and moved with 1 km/h .
Even there you can meet really nice people and talk with them .
The City Hall is very concerned in keeping the area cleaned .
Life and change have also a direction , an aim : growth .
There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lounges perceive and respire all the smell that flowers , land , the First , I walk slowly and then I begin to walk as soon as possible to improve my fitness and I end walking 5 turns in the park .
I am economics student in National Chung Cheng University , which is placed in Taiwan .
Consequentlu , both learning options have their positive and negative aspects .
I notice that in supermarkets are using so much plastic just to cover a small thing or are using many plastic bags without even think how vulnerable is for the environment .
In the bus stop there are devices that advice to the people the minutes that they have to wait to the arrived of the bus .
First of all , the director , who was Alejandro Amenábar , did a great job due to that , the spectators were waiting with bated breath as the final of this film will be .
It was as if somebody was cooking some cauliflower .
I am willing to cook lot of different meals for them .
He was also famed for his speed and strength on the ball .
The guy who invited me , Francois from France , spoke with me more than others .
Nana talks in such a peaceful way .
Consequently , I realized that although ciclyng outside helped me to improve my fitness , really I enjoyed the best breathing pure air and taking pleasure the countryside .
She was run out of words and just nod her head what it means : " yes " .
However , who is skilled in speaking a foreign language has a huge advantage in a competitive and worldwide society .
Michael thought that playing his brother 's role would help .
I still watch it on Saturdays and I really enjoy it !
Not only was the venue inconvenient but it was also dirty .
And how was your weekend ? Hope to see you soon !
Michael up two little steps and heard wail of the wind .
On 3th March 2014 , a survey was conducted among 60 students .
Nowadays the technology and the society have changed in different ways and most people have more free time than years before .
The accessibility is not just improving underground , but also on the ground and bridging .
Then , I suppose that in every country will be used much more renewable energies instead nuclear energies for reassure a secure future for the next generations , and maybe everybody will use electric car for decrease the atmospheric pollution .
In the past technology was poor and only a few guys had a smarphone or a computer .
To sum up , I would say that people will use more and more public transport , as the oil is getting expensive .
Although there are many other polluters , such as big industries , people should start with the easiest resolutions .
Academic culture is challenge for many students for effective learning .
He tried several jobs but he could communicate well in none of them .
Also recycling the trushes are a very inteligent way to keep the town clean , and get multiple use of the products in industry lines .
Now you know why I can not choose one of the seasons .
The very well developed highways , roads , city streets provide a good foundation for the cars , look at the North America , the highways were developed anywhere , it 's really your own lose if you do n't drive a car , drive on them(highways )
In the era of technological advancement , everything goes beyond one 's expectation .
I hope you will decide to cats do not let it hurt in future .
I 'm gutted because he is my childhood friend .
How dare she could come to my door!There was no words to express my feelings ...
There is a tale that mentions a treasure hidden on the house .
There are a categorisation of countries , there are developed countries , emerged one and on the way of development countries .
Looking forward to hear from you and wish you a nice day .
Vacations should be relaxing , not tiring .
Probably , I 'm afraid of planes because the media use to show plane accidents more often .
There are a lot of products or food , which are needed in our life , and they are match with plastic .
Today , government focus on how to improve public transport and they also increase their supporting .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you again .
This year could be my last year ... on Gotland :)
He was her first man , best friend and lover .
Rivers and seas are in danger too .
I prefer having a nice gorgeous girl live with me to living alone .
Yesterday I saw in the magazine photo of Sarah Jessica Parker on which she was walking with her dog .
It is a commonly held view that an experienced worker will facilitate the search of .
But this time , he just knew she would never come .
They meet at midnight to listen to the speechs of the leaders .
In Italy there are few cities with the hunderground and often in the smaller cities there are only bus .
It is almost as if I were at home now .
I want thank you the invitation but I would n't go to the party because is my sister 's s burradas .
He has to choose between treating his pets as a family member or not .
There are several reasons why there is no future for public transport .
I am writing regarding the advertisement on USA SUMMER CAMPS .
In conclusion , buying new things is a good idea to spend fascinating time with friends , however we could also lose a lot of money .
I 've got a lot of assignments to work on .
Firstly , sport is the best way to improve your immune system .
I choose this topic because I think volunteer work is important .
First of all , a pet is a friend for the family and mush better is a memeber of the family .
Oh I miss you too and I was looking forward to you .
They both know what would happen if Tris 's husband found out a stranger in his house .
I would like to get this job and I think I would be suitable for it .
Fossil resources are about to run out .
But most of us just from far ; we really do not imagine how this can affect people who suffer it .
England do n't have enithing you are the worst and more horrible country in the universe .
Humans will most likely continue to improve this technology and make their lives better for the future .
they keep producing the same kind of programs , the same kind of movies and soap operas .
It is action movie that involves the secret games of CIA .
In the past people could only have a purchase from store to store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods on line and buy it through a simple click .
Elderly people wo nt able to drive always depends on public transport .
Most people like to drive cars instead of using public transportation .
I 'm writing to you regarding of a letter I 've seen on my way home calling for candidates to fill a vacancy in your cafe staff .
By finding this solution , they have more space to work on earth and they even protect the environment .
With knowledge and information , things become comprehensible but more complex .
In my last week went to Florida with my family .
It makes my every journey unpleasnt and I feel uneasy all the week before the flight .
I must say , he is much more handsome in live that on the TV .
Hong Kong government has invested lots of capital to develop a better education system for building a knowledge - based society and the better future .
No More alarms or noisy alerts are required during this important and nice period of time .
Which countries do n't you know in Europe ?
He went to his room and felt very bad for what he did .
I 'm a freak when it comes to football .
When you start training in course you need to think about were you turn .
Unfortunalety , organising this kind of events is costly and the money from membership fees is not enough .
However sheets that are " partally damages " will be inspect again and separated into good and bad sheets , and sent for further actions .
Being a politician or a filmstar has something in common : those people are famous .
The most important for me is have more work experience and surpass my achievements that i set long ago .
Cases of divorce are increasing and many children escape and prefer to live in the street instead of home full of problems .
Peter has been kissed by her mum before , but this time was quite different .
Because people have to use many communication techniques to communicate with other people .
however , I just go to the restaurant in special ocassions , such as my birthday or when I pass a exam .
Neverthless , I would like to improve some skills and although I did very well , I still got confused .
On the one hand , we had n't to range subjects by their
If I am not travelling with my parents , I will go to your city .
If it 's not please let me know .
What can people do every day to help the environment ?
In magazine , they are telling us we can see a lot of games no matter where we are .
It 's a very domestic and a huge issue for us life .
That morning she woke up in a very good mood .
I choose this man because he was a significant player during the slave trade .
Assistance Lecturer at CS Dep . ,
At the beginning it could be a little harsh , but is the same with many others sports when they start , so just keep in mind that you can play Tennis with the most talented players from the world overall .
The restaurant won a Michelin star in 2013 .
Do n't you want to feel the same ?
You can not know it if you only travel by car .
They have more life experience so they probably know what they are talking about .
My hobbies are meet Friends and hangout with them or play baskteball in my spare time .
I know that is a very amazing dream but I pray Allah to give me all means to achieve my future dream .
Now a days with technology we have different ways to transport like hoverboards , skateboards and maybe it makes No future for public transport
Also , the seats of this transport are more clean and the bus driver go saying the name of each stop .
Unfortunately , my girlfriend and I need to do it too .
The last mistake that I have had to have been when I changed the telephone company because since I changed I have many troubles .
Now , the car price is very low 's cost so it very easy to buy a car .
Moreover , you can learn many things and expand your knowledge , have friends from different backgrounds .
In the morning , I go to the school in bus with my brothers but they get out earliest .
Thank you so much for this opportunity , I am very grateful for everything .
Most of the labours will probably have been represented by machinery , the people who is lack of academic might be very hard to get a job , the knowledge might be demand if the people live in the future .
MY FAVOURITE SOAP OPERA .
I pressed teleport and said , " Botanical garden " .
Their story was written and folks finally could discover what happened there between the years nineteen thirty - nine and nineteen forty - five .
One of my favourite books are Diary of a Wimpy Kid .
I have one big brother he is 14 years old and goes to mörby skolan .
But he does n't know he is involved in a conspiracy .
I read your advertisement in the Cloud magazine and I consider it an interesting experience .
How the town tries to keep the area clean
While I was flip - flopping through the pages , I let my imagination run wild with the story .
He took a chair , staring her with rage . "
But let 's take a closer look at what performance capabilities they have and might use during the acting .
The city is bike friendly and bike paths are available .
A good example of this shows are how people are paid to act in realities or talk show where they show exaggerated or hilarious familiar problems , where the only aim is to get more audience .
Many visitors come to it but there are more attractions than only one bar .
Max freeze he did not know what to do .
Malaga is a town that takes care of the environment .
A pleasurable tourism is not complete without a fascinating shopping center that has several facilities .
they are so kind , friendly , stressed but have a lot of problems now days the level of poverty , standard of level , the fixed cost is increasing dramatically and the purchasing power is decreasing .
For instance , it may be used by scientists to cure some diseases .
Finally smoking is personal choice of freedom for everyone .
Finally you would see a big red house with lots of windows .
In fact , this topic is very important in our modern times .
The newspaper " Times " publishes an intercepted letter written by the Spanish Ambassador Dupuy de Lowe that will make him resign due to what he wrote about the USA .
We wondered if some work need to be done to increase the student attendance in the math courses .
I am writing in response to your advertisement in SUMMER CAMPS USA to work in different situations .
When hitting ball back successfully , he would say ' ' good , keep going or you did it '' .
From this experience , I learn that I do not just remember facts , but try my best to understand ideas and concept .
The museum of the Duomo is the best tourist attraction .
I am confident that my experiences and interpersonal skills will strengthen the team .
In recent years , social media sites have developed and interpenetrated our society as the essentials rapidly .
I thought he might be Michael and I became shout his name .
I look forward to seeing you when you arrive here .
while we are spendind good time watching TV our brain is not in calm , only in an other position different to that ones in the rest od the day .
They are quite big and a lot of important artist come .
Otherwise I will be taken off the university register .
The first thing I have noticed is the importance of clarifying all the requirements with the clients .
I am writing in response to your advertisement in a magazine .
However , Michael discovered that it was a bad wizard .
I lost a few games , but that 's okay .
The reason for why we have such improvement is that the technology and innovation have changed our life .
After six months I was running almost 2 miles each day .
If you do n't think it is a funny sport you would not go it .
Hi , my name is John Keats and I 'm aged 21 .
If so , what is the criteria for giving it .
Later he was killed and he rests in peace in this museum the same other famous people in this war .
Many people air their opinions based on their own value system .
But the most memorable was a meeting with the stars of the concert .
She looked at him again then turned around and left .
My town , City X , is a very green city .
Having in mind that the society is also changing , people will tend to choose their place of work , which is near their home and wo n't need to spend time travelling .
I have some experience working with children aged between 5 and 17 years .
On the one hand This sport is good for my health I stay fit .
A group of fishers began to walk around the city looking for a good place where they would have brought their fish .
There are no times when you have to be at the bus stop .
Good management of the rubbish is a new inclination in many neighborhoods of my town .
Also the restaurant do n't know how much you can eat , so sometimes they give you too less food you do n't get full .
People who are learning another language or more languages have more opportunities in their life .
Some people say zoos are traditional family entertainment and good for animals .
But it will be very romantic to be with my girlfriend and fight with the system .
Public transport will be worse in the future than travelling by car because it is uncomfortable and slowly .
If you need more information , please tell me .
It is quiet hard to have a rest when journalists are trying to know some exciting things about your private life .
Susan told me that you need to khonw a couple of things before your visit to Spain .
It is a known fact that there are very few computer programmers .
One of the things that is very important to me is the price .
I had a lot of fun at the sommer sport camps and I met a lot of friends .
THE REASON WHY I ADMIRE HIM , BECAUSE HE WAS DETERMINED WHEN HE WON A SHULARSSHIP A STUDY MEDICINA IN RUSSIA , HE LIVED FOR 7 YEARS .
They need resources to improve their live condition until my country could has the possibility to give them a better live opportunities .
The main reason why I wanted to prove was to lose weight ( I was a bit overweight ) .
It wo n't be a post office because we can send any thing by the Internet .All jobs will be on Internet .
But Why I did this article about someone who looks like a simple guitarist , the reason is just one , the life , this man who one day just disapper from the fanactics ' eye .
And in the home always will be a room to sleep and relax .
But after a period of time , people could develop their obedience especially to the young people ; they will be likely to become a more independent person .
there are many kind of transport such as buses train and small cars called amgad an also taxi
I was extremely nervous about a week before my departure .
Have you ever been to climb mountains ? that is incredible and amazing , do you like your school?your city ?
The result is much less work and a better life .
What 's more , all people once a year , plant trees in all village for it is more beautiful .
Therefore , the environment is not going to recover if we do not decide to take our part in this global problem .
Thanks for your letter , it was so nice to hear from you !
Michael was very excited because he finally had the possibility to introduce his view of art throut his pictures .
Dickens and the Bronte sisters wrote in very different ways .
Many people believe that public transport will be replaced by private one in the nearest future .
To solve this problem Lima has been making long term strategies .
Agatha knows that John is a dangerous man , so she decides to refuse the charge .
and paid the money for her brother surgery .
But his name was written by all western nation newspaper as the brave man .
In Hong Kong , most of student would like to take some courses in Summer Holiday .
It is not a surprise that this situation is something more frequent every day .
In the television commercial , Trivago uses cognitive message strategy .
You can see how places used to look and how they look today .
My cousins are very reliable like my grandmother and my parents .
Which inspire me to study Translation that considers science and art in the same time .
Anyway , I hope that you come with me to the cinema .
There are many reasons for using public transport , such as commuting in to the central business district .
Of course , that must include the health care system .
You can choose a sport for any season and for any taste .
Next I will tell you how to deal with it .
New technology has improve systems in many areas society , mainly in Information Systems .
If you like animals you 'll ejoy seeing that beautiful horses running and vaulting as fast as they can .
I consider that it could contribute to feeding many people and it could definitely end with the most unfair problem of this world .
People started protesting against them to avoid any further damage to the environment .
As we 've seen these days that the amount of cars is increasing so much every year .
It is better to finish study first then go for work or having relaxation with travel .
in modern day there is very little public transpotr are used , ganeral public prefer much faster and conveninece ways of traveling around.though the pulic transport are used in mager citys to avoied traffic conjustion , it is wlidly reconizge that public transport are eco friendly .
I have attached a copy of my CV and some cover letters .
Natural disasters such as drought can be generally defined as one that has a far - reaching influence because its long duration and wide scope .
That is why it is not to be the key point that considered the key to success .
Many types of candy and cakes can be found there .
People are not aware that a small change in their lives is of great help .
If you did n't go yet , you should definetly do it , I promise you will love it !
Transportation is a means of movement of one geographical location to another by any means of transport .
Cricket is played by 11 players , which includes a captain , a wicket keeper and rest batsman and bowler .
Countries with abundant resources can give assistance to nations with water scarcity .
The professor contends this point by explaining that hydrogen is , in fact , not easily found .
It is a sophisticated construction , full of details , everywhere around the theater , from the floor to the ceiling , everything carefully fashioned according to that period .
This makes easy and convenient to identify the waste types .
Therefore , once graduated , qualified youths find themselves to face both the economic crisis and a hostile job market .
It gave me a strong belief in future progress in learning .
I feel that you should refund my cost of staying at your hotel and I demand refunding the cost of another plane ticket I had to buy .
The furniture consists in a set of chairs , tables and some sofas , covered with red clothes .
I think almost everyone loves parks because a lot of people go to the park and having lunch , picnic , excersise , nap etc .
Once finished my training , I go home , take a shower and ... I feel like a new woman ! !
We feel more happy , comfortable and refresh after something like that .
In my opinion the price of the ticket on bus is expensive .
Unfortunately , tickets are expensive but worth buying . I also honestly recommend you to see all the places around the Big Castle such as Town Museum or Folk village .
Long ago we had no stores to buy products or whatever were our needs .
In my opinion , you must go to Madrid or Barcelona because its are more atractives .
This would be my ' home of future ' .
On one of these bins are destined to plastics , another one is for wood and paper , the third one is a bottlebank and the last one is for cells .
Moreover , it is the sombrest day in a year , which recalls people the Crucifixion caused by people 's sins .
If you have a small kid , you will visit toy shops , which offer many cars and helicopters .
Technology does not imply a new instrument to be taught but a new tool and source of knowledge ( if used correctly ) .
Sometimes it 's hard to believe that everything will be OK .
Anyway I ve recently been organizing an environment saving event for our breathtaking city by doing a recycling campaign .
I went with her and I waited for her the whole lesson .
Scuba diving obviously is one of the most exciting and thrilling sports on earth .
As you enter the place you are welcomed by a very natural setting .
In conclusion , I would say that our village is an example for environmentally conscious city .
I 've been working as a security guard in a lot of places around the world .
Even when celebrities are having holidays people ask them to give an autograph .
And another reason why I have so right in what I had to say in the ranks above you feel if you were in game then people are always these people and destroy families because they declare false Intrigue sometimes .
Rafting get you burn all your adrenaline whereas you try to get down over the river in a mini - boat .
It really was over between him and Marianne .
I remember the laugh of people , sitting at the tables and chatting .
To begin , I would like to say that I love children .
In addition , indoor swimming pool sales have a slightly declining from 2012 to 2014 .
This result in different views of whether people accept it is easier to raise children now a day .
At third , when people read , they have to use the imagination to get a better idea of what 's going on .
On the one hand , I have never worked in the kitchens before .
The best way we can prevent childhood obesity is recommending all the families some different doctor that can help them to give a safe life to their children .
In my opinion this gives a good example of the involness of the local government .
It was late night and Michael went surrounded with deep dark to the edge of the forest .
Moreover , cars pollute the air significantly and it becomes unhealthy for breathing .
Such as visiting museum , seeing touching movies , doing exercises and so on .
currently a very significant problem for its social and economic impact is the chaotic public transport in Lima .
Working with kids makes fun and safety a high priority .
I often buy second - hand old - fashioned jeans , skirts , trousers , jackets and shoes .
He was captured while hunting with his colleagues in the forest .
This is a story from a country where there were no cats .
Tris ' smile became bigger .
The swimming is my favorite sport because in this sport I train all my body , is very relaxing and is the best sport in the world .
When I eat in a restaurant I hate two things : people smoking and the high level of voice of the people .
The main task of the volunteers was to collect money .
Every single detail should be perfect to get the best first impression .
When I went to karate I 'm not even sick .
In terms of differences is that this houses will be modern , more secure , economic .
Refreshments are on sale at a discounted price to visiting team .
I 'm glad you moved , I haven't got round to finding time to share with you .
I strongly believe that research has a valuable benefits to society and the environment .
I live alone , so no one does it for me .
Do n't talk too much or too quickly .
5.2 . Sustaining capacity building through CLP
I would like to suggest fire special animators wgo will entertain kids .
The melting glacier will bring a higher sea level .
Do n't you know to say in the presence of a huge audence ?
Furthermore , I have worked as a babysitter for the past year .
They have to walk away long distances to have clean water and to work too to survive .
I used to play basketball for three years and it was a great experience and I had a lot of fun .
If you ever get to watch TV in Germany you should definitely try out this interesting news programme .
Furtheremore during my studies at University I have worked in 2 projects based on sports activities for children aged 7 - 13 , organising them .
Cyber - bullying ( using electronic means to harm others )
On the left you can see people on an observation area .
That 's a novel written by Sidney Sheldon called ' ' If tomorrow comes '' .
My surprise favorite was the microwave sponge cake that the chef added at the last minute .
Assessment and evaluation will provide information , as well for the teacher as for the students .
I highly recommend this movie to everyone who wants to see happening unpredictable situations and likes the feeling of unknown .
He live with Chandler , opposite Monica and Rachel 's flat .
We should think of our better future and try to behave environmentally friendly - try to avoid the huge pollution , which is by cars caused and do n't think only to our comfort .
because it 's difficult to understand ; for example , the characters are ,
Trivago can achieve the personal value for customers through the advertisement .
Imagine to go by car to cities like London , is it the car more convenient ?
Send my love to your family , and a big kiss for you !
Then I 'll write back the timetable of bus arrivals .
I 'm a young guy who finished his study in tourism and ecology this year .
sometimes , I feels so stupid because I really ca n't speak in front of the public .
We 'd get there at about half past eight every day and started cleaning the main room and proceeding with the smaller rooms in the cinema .
One remarkable , featured point about Temple of Literature is the people who passed 4 rounds of examination , then gained position titles would be graved their names on the stone grave carried on stone turtles .
The big question was if she would have been able to engage herself in this new activity .
I knew the first person who ended the segregation at southern was a 9-year old girl .
They might be there for you , preparing menus and a big extension of exercises that will help you and change your health and body only if you cooperate .
I 've been doing that for around twenty years .
The birds start chirping early in the morning .
Besides , camera work , props and special effects deserve to be called silver screen features , while staging implies actors to convey their play through body movements and energy .
I 'm a great people person and have a great knowledge on computers , organising activities for children and also I 'm a Jr. chef .
Most people would agree that fashion is something that takes part in our day to day .
When she came to office , she saw on her desk a note with a heart shape .
I live in Saudi Arabia(Riyadh ) .And i 'm in grade nine .
On the other hand , the new language needs an additional effort .
Compare and contrast Dickens ' and the Brontë sisters ' style of writing .
But a month ago my mobile phone started to ring .
I worked on a project about how education the fundamental rights for children under 14 years of age is denied in some community .
the public transport is the best way to save the planet and have a best atmosphere ; also we safe money and can meet people .
How are you ? I hope that you are well .
The growth of consumption in developing countries leads to encreasing consumption more energy , water and other sources .
They have computers , smartphones , cleaning robots , fast food ...
It is the urgent timing to avoid greenhouse problem that people should think how to decrease the carbon emmition .
Of course it can be different in each country .
I am very active and creative person with desire to work .
The falling leaves can be block driver 's view and block up the radiators .
I think that the urban buses have improved in Cáceres .
This is why I suggest people to give swimming a try .
Firstly , governing authorities should set up protect area for animals and plants , inhibitating hunting or even leisure activities like hiking .
Now my average jogging is 8 - 10 kilometers and going on 40 - 50 minutes .
the last film I wachd was " the oders " by it is a horror / suspense movie , I was really scared .
Not just a really competitive game ; Football is a full mix of art , creativity , dedication , hard work and team cooperation .
The problem is that I 'm only sixteen ... what could I do ?
We 're friends since we start to talk , but our friendship has change over the time .
I was born in Polonne , a small town in Ukraine .
The child will have difficulties building and sustaining relationships during adult - life .
She began to reminisce about the start of her journey .
I enjoy every moment and people love to be with me .
This play also refers to ' sleep ' and dreams .
Nowadays Environmental issues have become a great concern for scientist as the problem is growing .
We can begin in ourselves , in our family , in our own homes .
My favourite TV show is " Pretty Little Liars " .
Some people think there are some disadvantages like injury , and getting aggressive .
The world becomes more and more competitive , young people have to spend much time to cultivate themselves to survive in this society .
I can not eat anything even in New Year 's Eve and I was so tired that I can not play poker with my cousins .
If the public transport will be by higher quality , faster and fewer rates , majority of citizens will be prefer : is more calm to relax and read a newpaper or a magazine during the way in a collective transport than an indiivdual one ; moreover , the time spend up to go and came back will be reduced , because it promotes less car in the railway .
However , the lecturer points out the problems in all his assertions .
To keep all the nature alive we must contribute everyone of us for future generation .
In my point of view , my candidacy is enough suitable for this job , because I am young person , that has all required skills and a lot of energy to work .
According to Wordsworth a poet is not a common man , he has a greater sensibility and knowledge .
The population of my village is about sixteen hundred people .
The one , which is really worthy to see is " Kato - Sovenirs " .
He changed my attitude toward dogs : Casino taught me through his patience and passions .
The perfect atmosphere for me is a modern build that it has different rooms with different styles : modern , classic , gotic , etc .
Like in other things the prices increase , from the aliments to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , eletricity .. Then the people will choose the public transport in the future .
The last point is people go for long journey by public transport .
For example , my friend , Jane , talks lots of jokes to let us laugh out loud .
For us ( Mainque and Lucia ) computers does n't have to replace the humans . because they do n't have brain and ca n't feel anything .
Also , the cars will fly , and maybe is better for the city .
Although facilities are well organised , they are too small since more and more people are becoming members of the club .
For example , the tower has 4D cinema , the highest revolving restaurant and so on .
IT was a good experience , the hotel has every comfort you can imagine : a reastaurant , a S.P.A. , a gym , indoor and outdoor swimmingpool , a beauty center and a church .
It is very economical in terms of time , distance and people capacity .
Fifthly , we can have a family time while eating .
Now I am on Christmas holidays . I have to study so much .
Therefore , I am going to explain the advantages of walking .
That 's why you can control your limits .
My favorite sports/ hobbies is windsurfing and sailing .
If it was possible to go on Hogwarts I would do it .
At second , there are some researches that prove that in general people who read are smarter than people who do not .
As a result , one of my subjects failed because I did not have enough time to catch on the lessons .
As you do not have to wait for set time tables and follow fixed routes .
How are you ? I hope you 're ok .
In the trip you can do many activities like climbing , swimming , paddling rafting and enjoying the place .
It 's typical eating pasta as a starter at lunch .
You will not feel self - confident and glad , but your outward appearance wiil be better .
Compare with other developed countries , Hong Kong 's economy is stable and competing with Singapore to be the prime leader of the Asia .
Recently , there is a growing country whose environment is destroyed by building house , which accour for some debation .
Finally , taking public transport is more eco - friendly .
We should use the less car , it is very pollutant .
Of course that if you have any suggestions please tell me .
If not , it could be a waste of time that can produce the opposite meaning of enjoying the life .
Others consider that it is military service is unnecessary and should be voluntary .
The restaurants ' slogan is " positive eating " and they definitely live out that phrase .
As you know , my grandmother actually lives in France with my cousint Jonh , unfortunately he has to make three months course outside of the country , Jonh will leave France next weekend , but instead it is not possible , I have to go and look after her because none of my family ca nt waist three months over there .
Tom sold all of tickets quickly and earned enough money .
Everyday , I have to clean our room , wash clothes , I must take a lot of time to finish everything before I star learning .
For this reason I spend most of my time there
Time never stops and does n't wait anyone .
This can be used to prevent heart attack and stroke .
He sat by her side , and held her hand .
Suddenly Micheal opened his eyes and he realized it was just a weird dream .
The parents of these boys were friends of my parents .
2.1 WATER TREATMENT IN THE PAST
And hell , she needs at least one to do it .
This will help them realize their mistakes and thus , quit doing them .
It would be sufficient to just see the smile on their face .
And I know which matter you 've always been interested : music .
It may help you to choose what to study at university as I know you haven't decided your mind yet .
Both these factors have led to increased purchase of cars over the last few years .
You can join to any stock market on over the world to buy some Google stocks and sell some Facebook stock too and earn some money .
" So here we are " he said looking upward . "
Alison is very happy because she did not see Tom for two months .
I 'm really happy to hear from you again .
They are not able to buy real relationships such as friendship and love .
There are many carousels , go - carts , slides .
Science nowadays developed a lot , and gave the population a lot of possibilities like storing the stem cells and using them to heal the future health problems anyone could have .
Local people were invited and a talent competiton was held .
Some football players are world famous ; they make excellent careers and take part in each championship .
Nowadays , they got modern and comfortable and they are n't as late as they used to .
For many years Apple , Google and several traditional automakers have been running prototypes , which are driving from self and nobody can steer the car .
However , Physical Education is necessary because makes people less lazy .
People are living their lives in a way that we would consider it more than shocking .
After the run we continued with our daily routine .
The use of public transport has become an important issue nowadays .
Television helps us to find the fields that interests us , like music , sports , movies or nature .
But , thanks to mom , I feel much better now .
I think after 50 years many things will change . we will learn in our homes .
The old man said to him my son needs surgery today or he will die .
You can go walking alone and without shoes if you please .
There are lots of kinds of Transportation as Buses , cars , Subways , Trains or taixs .
Then you should know that you there will be two kinds of transport .
Everything came us a surprise and you did n't expect that this or that action is just taking place .
You will be very exciting watching St. Basils 's Cathedral , the monument of Minin and Pozharsky , the Kremlin .
- One for the waste that can not be recycled .
Before they start school they have to finish preschool .
On our hotel there was like a water park , it was enormous .
They always run in the shops and ca n't choose anything .
During the break the participants enjoyed traditional Turkish sweets .
In the roof of the supermarkets are situated solar panels and it exploit the sun for produce energy .
Even worse , two of them started whispering on her ears , die … die ..
We can indulge in many things if we can manage time properly .
Another serious problem is people are creating relationships with an unknown person and can leads to several issues including crimes .
Like art it is intended to evoke emotions and feelings .
They each have something to offer and are unique in every way .
You need boundaries between you and the rest of the world .
When I am stay in water I feel free and very hastily .
Also a section for Detergents , tissue , perfumes , etc .
You can order packages menu that Huang Ji Huang offered or you can also choose the ingredients that you want for your stew pot but you must choose 3 until 5 ingredients .
Firstly , I agree about learning different concepts because you can analyse different opinions .
Today was a good day , not every day is as good as this was .
This is mainly because besides being cheaper customers will become familiar with the product .
Maybe he is sorry she thought , but why if she is perfect , she is everything that a man could want , so what happen .
However , it is a wise decision to choose carefully between public and personal transport , because they have both advantages and disadvantages depending on where we want to travel .
You can go by train , by bus o maybe to rent a car .
They will control our empty fridge and if you run out of any vegetables , your mobile phone would warn your supermarket and they would bring it .
At the time , we need more cars for more people , that 's the meaning for more traffic .
When the women spend the hours in the shops , men must go with them .
From that experience , I have realized that I need to change my learning strategies for a successful study .
With genetic engineering , human health has become better in many ways .
Finally , I am good at playing badminton .
Yesterday , I was asked to write an article about my favorite sport .
He could easily move from place to place at very convenient prices .
Many classmates went to different sections of the sport .
Sometimes our kids invite friends and today my son came with his girlfriend .
Buses are much more convenient for driving kids to schools .
To conclude Scout is a smart girl with two sides .
The Club offers a wide range of activities to spend time .
Already , for only 20 years a lot of thing because of the technology .
There are many reasons responsible for a better understanding between parents and child .
Will I need to use the phone instead ?
For example , American football always has a moment to set the position .
This fine can reach between 100 and 150 euros .
In time , you will get to learn many new words .
It is true in many cases as public transport like buses , trains and trams have their own specific routes and stops .
This castle consists of many buildings and even underground tunnels .
For those people , public transportation can be an optimal choice of transportation .
We use computers to help us with so many different types of things .
Her birthday was in Friday and they all wanted to go that night to the greatest club in Barcelona to have some fun .
Therefore , I would like to share some things with you .
Furthermore , various destructive disasters have struck into the whole society with many negative elements , drawing the attention of citizens toward catastrophes .
These cars will be used alternative energy , for example energy of the Sun .
He did trust the company , but not that much for them to know everything he thought .
First of all it is absolutely minimum , you just need boots for run !
Even the scenery is not based on real story it will makes you think about accidents happening around you .
After 6 months I could swim well until now .
It is conveniently situated in the town centre which takes 5 minutes to walk in a crow flies .
It 's played by eleven players who try to score a goal during ninety minutes .
Amauri Tijerina Luna
Just do not order the pancakes , because they do really bad pancaces .
On the top floor there is a multi - cinema complex , offering several options of the latest movies .
After lots of meeting and conferences with the representation of China , Japan , Usa and Oceany Michael began to be the man who he dreamed since he was a child .
It consists of a pill where we blend lots of different elements .
In my opinion people should bulid some kind of wildlife parks . This solution will allow
It 's hard to say something like that about yourself .
We are working on those slopes near power station or pylon .
we can have really good house where are many furniture , space and ornaments .
When he was scaping from the prison , he bump on an old friend callled Charlie .
I think that science has altered our lives in a positive way .
By the time , I got better , and I started to learn how to do tricks and jump over small items .
It is unfortunate for Michael to get access to her because she is a Southerner .
However the latest studies shows a car is not always more efficient .
There are good meals and drinks : " fabada " ( with beans ) and " sidra " ( it looks apple juice ) .
It is fantastic ! I ca n't wait .
In fact , I know your book is going to help me to improve myself in lots of fields .
We can not deny that there will be time when no person would like to travel by bus or train .
Starting for the top , like Bilbao or Asturias .
I have read the advertisement and I promise you that I am the perfect for this post .
Michale will never forget the day as long as he lived .
He wanted to conquest as much territory down the sea level as he could .
I had never been very frightened until one day that something strange happened .
I looked for every day some summer work and I found excellent option .
Despite it was very dark , we could see something moving on the sand .
The evaluation starts by unfolding the brain storm from day 1 , and then it continues by the pupils applying all their new words and knowledge about America .
I would also describe myself as a fun , energetic person .
If we live well , we will be more carefully with world .
It will be good to interview both and you can decide .
I really want to go to a big school in the town because here in the countryside I can go out with my friends or go shopping with them .
Espacially on a rainy afternoon the " Donauzentrum " and " G3 " are the prefekt way to spend your day .
Taking public transport can effeciently reduce the emmission of carbon dioxides and will help the earth to recover from those disorders .
In my experience , being under the screen of a personal computer will you be able to show and exchange ideas or opinions easily as if you have to do in front of someone else .
Which was the best thing that ever happened to me .
The place is small but it 's very cozy .
This will give you an advantage in your future career .
I 'm a happy , energtic person who likes to work with children .
My favourite memories must be every summer on Fårö .
Limiting people 's freedom because of minor , non - harmful to the society crimes is inhumane .
There are many languages people in my country learn , but English would be the most popular as it is a world wide language .
In contrast , it could be the benefit that improves their mental maturity .
They like take pattern modeled on older people , who are popular on the Internet .
George had lost her memory , and he could n't went back .
I really enjoyed helping out at the concert last month .
Using public transport helps save up resources such as fuel and electricity .
I am sure I will respond to your requirements since I have the abilities you are asking for .
So in conclusion I would like to say : the future is unknown .
It turns out that learning a foreign language may be pointless .
Otherwise , it happens that sometimes you have an argument with a family member and you need to talk to a friend to be cheered up .
CHANGES IN COLOMBIAN CULTURE
At least 23 different types of bacteria were tested .
I 'd say that was their best album and obviously they rock
At the end , the most important thing is to have and enjoy a relaxing time .
You can ride at your own pace and go increasingly far .
Clothes need to be open and free , simple enough .
Michael was out all day , and Lionel has not anything for eating ....
With technology we will clean our house , technology will protect us , with technology we will spend our free time .
Whatever happens , you should smile and keep cool .
Her parents went to see her off at the airport .
To sum up , it is vital that nowadays thinking of our future .
they were spending the weekend in the countryside , he had rented a woodhouse but he had n't confirm the weather , and a strong blizzard arrived giving them without communication by pone or by car .
Because , when we practice a sport or some simple exercises we feel how the body receives energy , that it 's happening with me .
You wrote that you are interested to know something about the concert I helped organize .
In conclusion , globalization on the transportation has brought both positive and negative effect to Chinese people .
These are advantages but we can have also disadvantages from them .
My favourite way to travel is by train because I love watching scenery through the windows .
My mum says that I do n't eat fruits or vegetables never so I will eat more fruits or vegetables .
It surely taught me a lot and enriched my whole life .
Academic education will always be at the heart of a university .
We are from Ecuador and live in Pichincha .
Some of my friends they did n't want to shown their body by someone . because a lot of students did n't have exercise .
Nikita has superior communication skills , positive mindset , and he is highly approachable .
In my opinions , all of us are supposed to be careful about all the details when we deal with everything to prevent disasters .
To conclude , there are a lot of things worth considering to teach in school .
I am on third year at the university , I do n't know what will be the master than I go to make , but I want a master relationed with programming .
This idea also would be unpopular because it limits a freedom of choice .
She waited for half an hour but her friend never came .
I 'm only child and I 'm studying Marketing in the morning and working in the evening in a mall .
It 's time to bring the superhero we have inside ; good luck !
I 'm so glad to hear that you give me an opportunity to make your club facilities improvement .
As well as that , tennis gives me the opportunity to stay fit and meet new people .
He continued watching the movie , thinking it must be nothing .
In Cádiz , in summer there are a lot of oportunitis to work .
But in spite of this a lot of people have a dream about a car .
WHAT AN AMAZING COINCIDENCE !
I agree with this statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Finally I want to let you know both of my references are happy to be contacted immediately to confirm my personal qualities .
it was fun because we learn a new hip hop dance and we finished our tap dance .
She just dreamed a terrible nightmare because I was not sleeping .
YOUR FAVOURITE SPORT !
First I believe you can travel from north of Italy to the south , in
They told her that her brother had a car accident first of all she shocked
To conclude , theoretical knowledge is more important than practical skills .
I would like to work at the summer camp this year .
i was at this team for 5 years and the made me even better in football .
Watching quiz programs are a main way to educate oneself .
I feel I would be the person you are looking for because I am patient and alert .
Firstly , cocaine damage your senses and your mind , if you consume cocaine , you wo n't sleep this day .
Almost every single household has more than one car .
Thanks for your letter - it was great to hear from you .
Usually I go three times a week and during the weekend .
If someone answer me what the best sport is , I will say :
Sometimes it is very difficult to come home in rush hour because of traffic jams .
Just how a coin has two sides , television too , has its pros and cons .
I decided to take one class of Liceo Oberdan to visit a Miramare harbor reserve .
Let me introduce one American I got friends with on Facebook .
The dementia is an illness that affect the brain , people 's memory were lost , Malcolm do n't remember who is the people surround him .
Sri Kapadia Chowdhury .
Actually I realize that busynes is not for the major , everybody know Tec is very demanandant and if you wanna be there you must work hard .
It just not only to save our life but also secure assets like houses cars etc .
If you want to have a quiet cozy dinner you can sit at the table in the corner .
So that , maybe would n't be young force worker in 50 years and people will spend all their time and money in their hobbies , sports , self care and traveling .
And these people do n't have money for things that they do n't need and also for things that they need .
Then , when she did n't return at home , her parents reported the passing of their daughter .
Three words that describe me best is perhaps , animal lover , happy and a perfectionist ?
Sometimes the employers do strike and we clients do not known in time as a result we can not get on time to work , that is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .
At night , there 's another side in this town .
Although , the advancement of technology , besides than bring advantages for everyone , it 's also will cause disadvantages , such as unemployment because machines will make the same or work better than humans .
Some people say that David criated Parkour but , in fact , his father develop all the idea of the discipline .
People can enjoy just seeing the soccer game and they are eager to root for their favorite team .
In big cities where people live a more isolated life and always in a hurry .
I am going to write about a short story that I have read from the book : And all for love .
Few programmes some intellectual programs will increase the creativity of the people
Hate them or love them , villains are the funniest part in every story board .
His wife walked behind him until they reach home but his mother claimed that his wife told her cruel words and acted that she was crying .
Although we can choose more destinations and it is more comfortable , prices are not competitive enough to definitely substitute the car .
When we arrived we saw an old house where Michael lived .
In this step , special ink will be used for the images , slightly raised on the notes .
Many people travel by train because they arrive more faster than the bus and cheaper in a long run .
Edison said to created the first comercially practical incandescent light .
Fuji has beautiful scenery , it is popular and it offers exciting activities for people .
Only by doing so , we will help to preserve our atmosphere free of CO2 emissions , and all the grim consequences they have .
Addiction to authoritative nature over other makes a huge production of war weapons convert the blessing nature of science into critics .
In the future , I 'll become a journalist .
Last week I saw a bike trip to the countryside and how about registering for this ?
We are delighted to inform you that charity dinner was a success .
He was spoiling all the crops from the people , he was destroying all the vehicles , and he destroyed a vast area .
Most people prefer using their private car instead of a public transport .
I started running to lose weight and ended in a life changing experience .
To sum up , I 'm totally agree with making friends through the Internet .
Tris 's smile faded away .
I hope that I will use this experience in my future .
These engines use bio fuels so the environment is not affected .
For instance , imagine going to work and order the car going to park home after take your children at school .
Whenever I go out with my bike I stay on the way for two hours and I enjoy so much this time for myself that I 'll remain outside for ever .
Let me also tell you something about traditional Dutch meals .
I 'm a teeneger and now a days I recognize there are a lot of ways to get to know something .
Designer clothes are not what they look for anymore .
The school as a whole has become my great mentor .
I currently work with children with disabilities and I love it !
I like the variety of the main course selection and drinks .
I did not know much about African - Americans ' history .
I think I would be the right person for such job .
I like running and I run three days a week .
He played for my town 's club : Napoli .
Well , it keeps my fit , but not my body in the first case , it 's good for my brain .
The sting could be fatal if we have an allergy .
We did not even knew what to do with our garbage .
He likes baseball , but he does not play baseball actively .
However , Buses are mostly used by very young people and old people .
In the case of " KD " the running charges come only up to $ 800 and " Sebu " has obviously the lowest expenses with $ 600 .
I am 22-years old part - time student of the local University .
In Somalia , people usually throw the rubbish and garbage in everywhere , and there is no a cycle which intended to keep it .
For sure her friends were preparing a big surprise .
My name is Daniel and my favourite sport is Padel .
Every day , the population spends a lot of time in the traffic congestion .
Since grandpa passed away I started loving my grandma even more .
While social media sites change our society more convenient and more comfortable as compared with the past , they simultaneously accompany some issues .
I was wrong only about one thing : I had loved it long ago .
It is in these moments where I give it my all , and realize that all the pratice I had really paid off .
Could you please tell me how long will be the interview ?
I have to say that study another language give you more opportunities because on these days you need to now other language to look for a work and be more inteligent than your college to take the work and that 's great .
Secondly , I am also opposed the allowance of this advertisement because the severely consequence it causes into the parents and child 's relationships .
So , now you have a rough summary of me .
I agree with the idea that clothes can help in expressing ourselves .
I had been feeling so lonely for a long time .
Unfortunately we should be careful with the way we use them .
Never use monosyllabic answers .
I have therefore fostered a sense of responsibility since then .
It was three in the morning when the phone rang .
Maybe it will be a really good opportunity for the people , being more healthy too .
And so , she had looked around to find a way .
I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
But a good change of our habit is attention to calery food and healthy food because of get information on internet and another media that are accessible way for all people easily these days .
Long distance between cities makes it difficult to use cars .
This makes me ponder , weather is a future of the old public transport system or should make a new system .
The hotel handles privacy very well and I can guess most of the guests will appreciate it .
Referring to the job advertisement published on your homepage in September 2014 , I would like to apply for the position as a Team Member Analytical Development .
At least they can meet other folks and relax , have a sunbathe and listen to the music .
It is well known true through the whole men that health is fair to the rich and poor equally .
Hello my name is Sophie Nielsen I was born 2002 in Sweden and I am still living here .
She is Azucena and nowadays , she lives in Toulouse .
Then , the metal plates are preparated by skilled machinists .
The young couple grinned " You haven't heard about the mind hackers right ? "
I am going to communicate to you something about the military service .
Once I decided that I needed to do something , I started walking around my place .
Please , check for me , which colleges provide these subjects and when they start .
One of the most beautiful place that you can visit in this town is The Latin - Catholic - Dom , located in Unirii Square .
I am happy to say that I have only positive points to presente due to how wellcome I fell when I arrive at the reception .
This disease is not just about all the physical and health consequences that have , but also the mental ones .
Besides that the public room is also clean and comfortable , but I recommend you to choose private room to support our farewell dinner .
I have seen the following announcement in International Sport Monthly magazine .
It is located in the city centre next to a big fountain .
Day before the concert , I met band members , and we started try on clothes for the next day .
Peter has been thinking about this secret party for months since the time he knew his mother was healed .
Therefore , I plan to maximize my previous experience with knowledge of psychology , skill of product development design to pursue graduate studies , and build up my ability in the Master of Fine Arts program in Fashion merchandising at Academy of Art University .
I came home from school , only to found a gift on the sofa .
Finally , and on a more positive tone , we 're walking towards a global world .
The 21st century has given a new meaning to the word Friendship .
I hope you will consider my application , and look forward to hearing from you .
The family financial support , at this stage , seems almost essential .
do you know do I enjoy my sport I will tell you why because when you play you have fun and interested .
In the big cities they have began to build green buildings , they use the electricial public transport not to pollute .
To overcome it , the producer of soft drinks could take a investment to teenagers what size is suitable before changing it .
We depend on cars so much as if they are our spare pair of foot .
This makes our neighbourhood a pleasant place to be .
The film is set in France in nineteenth century .
When you in the water , you will feel relax .
We tried to convince the Headmaster to help us monetarily but it was n't enough .
The museum is located near the center of city , you can get there by bus in 5 minutes or go for a walk for about 15 minutes .
You have fun with your family making snow angels and have snowball fights .
I love jogging because it 's a way to stay outdor immersed in nature .
I was inspired by a true ledgend , his name is Edan Hazard .
The history took place in the USA a few years ago when the regression method was accepted by the doctors and cientifics .
The portion of prawns is very famous as octopus salad , which is known by everyone .
Michael and Cecilia had been married for 6 years .
First of all , being without home is a horrible problem .
This will largely causes less of soil water and precipitation .
When people are surrounded by strangers people all think they are watching me so I ca n't do that or this .
I am sure that you will find in Brazil a perfect fit .
It 's a waste of time and other resources .
On the other hand , cities are more worried about how to recycle their rubbish than in villages .
I am aged 44 , of Austrian nationality , married and hold the Cambridge English Advanced certificate since last summer .
Football is great sport for everyone men , women , children , adults , even elderly people enjoy it .
From that moment on , my life changed forever .
For myself , I very much belong to this group .
Nowadays we grow up with the possibility of choosing a lot of sports .
My advice of finding work , is a bit complicate because nowadays there are a lot of people without work .
one day Micheal wanted to go out from his home so he called his besfriend an suggested to go out togther , his friend agreed , so Michael weared his closes , wnet out and closed the door but at this moment he knew he had made a mistake .
Some people said that the world could be better if it 'll return to the past where the life was more simply .
But you came flying early morning the most convenient and fast transport is taxi that does n't cost expensive to my house .
Then when finally it was my turn I seated in front of the teachers and , slowly , I introduced my speech .
to delay aging , it increases memory and the ability to move .
This means they are able to have a flexible schedule .
As well as I have also work under pressure and meet deadlines without any problem because I am used to be resourceful and manage time efficiently .
In addition , you wo n't have better opportunity to see it than this week , because just moment in Spain the festival 's cinema is happening .
Today , it 's smaller , faster and cheaper than before .
We would buy next , impracticable high - heel shoes , which will spend couple of years in wordrobe .
There are different medications or even natural things to improve these conditions .
Secondly I think that the members of the team give you support , love and company .
Thank your parents if they are alive and think if you would become a good friend to your future child .
She might be crazy , but I love her .
I love his laughter , his smile , his chuckle .
Walter Mitty instead deals with the fantastic story of the main character , an archivist , whose life will been changed completely when the company he works for is taken over by one of its competitors .
In the last year some political men have decided to put in order our city , so for example they put again to place the roads .
The most are famous because they expose their private life and all their interests are to making money .
This important way communication lacks at school , because it 's a nearly a one direction way of communicating from the teachers .
If you get tired of wondering the streets then you can always enter the big shopping store Magasin for more indoor shopping .
All the people should use your own car to go somewhere just when it 's necessary , because each car on the street is bad to our environment .
The best part of this game is you can play with every age group at a single time .
How my town takes care of the environment :
When they choose bad , they could began stopped do things which were important for them in previous period in their life .
It is ridiculous that my parents do n't believe ability .
Moreover , we now use the compost for our garden patch and cacti .
Unless the national fence can prevent the eggs and young can toads from moving through the water way , the fence is useless .
Secondly , if the private transportation is growing faster , the traffic is also going to create a major problem , which effects the global warming .
So , what are you waiting to buy a bicycle and put a helmet on ?
Without teachers ' guidance , self- studying may bring some problems to children , such as possible misunderstanding .
Did I tell you who the headliner was ?
It 's great to get some news from you .
You can train your hands , reaction and legs , because it needs much run .
Firstly , the population should be controlled , if human still increase rapidly , there is no more room for human .
I normally dream but do n't remember when I wake .
It has been an important subject especially for writers from the ' ' first generation '' like William Wordsworth ; he saw nature as an inseparable reality from man , whereas it comforts in sorrow and teaches to love and to act in a moral way .
This year is the last one before going to university .
Why when men stalk a women they forbid him to come closer to her , but when a papparazi hide in car of celebrity , he will get a huge pack of bucks for the photos ?
I hope you find it useful as I did last month .
The development of qunats ( Figure 1 ) began about 2500 years ago in Iran , a sloping tunnels drilled into the foot of a hill that contained groundwater .
when you have desire to do something , somehing you always dream to achieve it , something is touch you inside when not only do it but also when think about .
This is certainly true and corresponds with my experience .
It 's known that the different recently situation that there are now with young people .
The picture shows clearly the process of making bank notes .
I start to hunt when I was seven years old .
Always the director of my school , called Michael , is who organizes this event for that the children have fun writing his shorts stories .
After rehabilitation I continued feel hurt in my foot and I still limped .
There are surely a lot of job offers suitable for you !
I was feeling as tired as a worn out shoe .
From the Metro system , the bus , the train , and the high speed rail , all these public transportation become more and more popular .
The Center Parc is in the region of Lorraine .
- Conclusions : The questions we made before will be answered .
I can confirm that she had a special connection with the kids : she was admired by them , who would spend a great time with her .
He was actually one of the rulers of this countrey and he 's real name was Vlad Tepes .
It is the most important element in the home of the future .
These companies must take care of the environment or they would have to pay big tax at the council .
And more , I have an opportunity to meet new people .
In my opinion there is future for public transport .
A bicycle is for me the best way how we can be do fit and a good condition and also to more less polution without cars .
I 'm waiting for meeting with your family and in this case that we will be staying with Eileen , I want to bring her something .
At that time they felt not like parting but they have to and Michael dropped her home and returned back to his own home .
She told me not to watch horror movie again .
They were such nice people and really appreciated my help .
He exercised and went for short jogs in between workouts .
public transport now a days has become a bit uncomfortable because we can not think of availability of seat .
He had a very beautiful brown hair , Green eyes , and perfect smile .
I lived since two years in England and I speak English .
To sum up , as thought the cars are too covenient to some extend , but the cost will reduce the benefit .
Internet is a way to make new friends all over the world through social websites such as Facebook , twitter , and you tube .
I was n't rich , not having many good things , only a sample person , but I lived happily .
After that you have seen the Coliseum , the Basilic of S.Peter and the Trevi fountain and so on you must visit Naples .
That morning , he had math and after he had a science class .
Will we even go out on the street ?
It is a symbol of China , along with Tiannanmen Square and Terra Cotta Warriors and Horses .
What happens if you change the route on a cruise ?
The modern times have raised the concern about the environment , climate change and energy .
It not only offers high salary but also the employee there is kind .
The last few days that I was in Baja California I 've got very little time for shopping and go to the beach .
There are community sites like Facebook , which have a built in messenger .
They have to look for the needs provided by the family in other people with whom they can trust .
It 's a village close to Tarragona .
no one can live as a human being so that we can say that television is more impotent .
Today I opened the gas station at 9:30 in the morning .
The only common option is rest time , I also spend three to four hours .
And , as a draback of being acelebrity , they are followed by papparazzi almost everywhere .
Michael had breakfast and he forgot to prepare milk for Lionel .
Such programs also allows us to participate by giving our feedback .
You can eat small pieces of different dishes and to have dinner or lunch inexpensively .
Here are some tips to help you get a positive first impression .
follow in London I 'll go for a walk to arrive at the big ben that is the most beautiful bullding in all its splendour when I will take pictures
All the ingredients are very fresh and of the highest quality .
In the present - day society , sustanable development is of paramount important as our environment is being destroyed on a fast pace .
They improve our health and help people interact with each other .
On the other hand , I do n't recommend travel because this is very expensive .
I am writing in response to your advertisment for the job in USA summer camps .
I am not saying we should travel back in time .
I remember from my town Palermo in Italy to go to Milan was about 340 pounds , now if we are lucky we can arrive to New York .
Another point that is worth mentioning is that pets can be considered as human friends .
Unfashionable clothes turned into fashionable dresses .
Through this time , I learn that win and lose is not the most significant thing .
Sandrine has been a model for five years so far .
When you do the lessons , you have nobody to chat to it about .
A terrible explosion resulting from carelessness followed .
The first thing I thought was that there was a CONFLICT between someone .
When mobile phones have conquered our palms , we have no time to even meet our parents and children .
to illustrate , If teenage girls travel by public transport every day who will interact with society beyond the limitation.so it is a big challenge to them .
It is more important than ever for anyone to think before using own car .
You can go there only for a walk or for some sports like running or cycling .
Suddenly Michael heard a thud from his upstairs bedroom , Called Baxter and took a bat with him upstairs .
All in all , shopping in it 's intention is an enjoyable action which often makes us feel happy about it .
If you provide confidence , the horse will trust you .
As the way I see it , to find the origin of languages can be similar to know our own family tree .
We are made of flesh and it can be very difficult to resist the temptation .
Will have to start buying magazines and newspapers to be informed ?
My city , Valencia , is a touristic city situaded by the sea .
Do not hesitate taking up rafting !
Practice makes better , do research about Muai Thai 's culture , do research about Muai Thai 's methods .
Have you ever gone to a place designated only for having fun ?
I 'm from Poland and live in Poznan .
I am an Architect , I have 5 years of professional experience .
I will make summer camp a much better place to be in !
Be alert and do some precautions to protect yourself .
It is the key that supports many industrial fields , such as steel , machinery , plastic .
In a few hours time , I can get to some far - away destination .
It is similar to tennis but the court is smaller than tennis court .
I become especially happy when I 'm with children !
I surely embrace the fact that the diving community has recently been exploding with many new enthusiast members , not only bringing a unique experience into your life , but also enhancing awareness about environmental conservation issues towards a broad public .
There might be many reasons , for school , business , or just for private interest .
I hope you consider this major problem in the cafe .
The idea lying behind the story is that justice and law are not the same thing .
It is the way I can unwind because my study it 's stressful .
That is something we have to work on .
The former might not be so enjoyable whilst the latter , obviously , does it for enjoyable purposes .
He began to have intimate relationships with other beautiful young girls there and broke his promises- " Wait for me !
Basically , we 've land , water and air transport for reliable purpose .
John accepted his help ant told him to go to his laboratory .
I stayed in front ofthe door during forty minutes and I rang again and again .
Our ancestors used to live in a unselfish life .
As for me I 've got some rules
Firstly , vehicle 's emissions can cause detrimental effects on the environment in many ways .
I like to eliminate that I do n't read so much , because it 's easier to learn things if you read .
Few people who live in the suburban areas have the following routine :
Who was not only fair but very attractive girl .
While in the statement is written that public transportation will be left by many people , in my opinion is the opposite that public transportation is our future .
The characters were perfect as soon as they were people from Chile and Bolivia that were involve with the real accident .
The inherent tendency to provide the best to our offspring catalyze parents to invest in their kids as to prepare them for an unpredictable future .
In other words , we have to be fast enough to see that breaks in time .
Its comfortable , efficient and economic features have been attracting more young professional .
The student had a great deal of assighment and projects , so he spent more time to access the libabry , becoming more ambition to study books and using a computer to search latest information .
I am writing to tell you about the Spanish military academy .
Rivers and seas are victims of modernization .
The action takes place in Japan , in times of samurais and witches .
This should also become the ED UMM commitment .
He wanted to hide somewhere but he could n't think straight .
I assure you 'll have a good time in my country .
Moreover , you wrote to me that you have started to give lessons about guitar so you are not going to be isolated from music and it goes on playing an important role in your life .
When she said good - bye , he just nodded .
For many years , people use public transport to go to work to study and to travel .
Discussions about genetic manipulation become strong when a specific area is mentioned : genetically modified food or GM food .
Therefore , public transport play an important role to mitigate global warming .
Humans can easily damage the environment just throw their waste without recycling or ruin the places where animals are living .
At the moment , some friends and other workers who lived on the same floor go into the bedroom .
As a result , some most vulnerable species will face to die out .
Public transport can not rival the sheer mobility that cars offer to their owners .
I am going to visit Delhi and Tajmahal .
You should not play the sport just because you 're friends doing that , do it because you like to play .
At the moment , there are more one car to person , it is a problem for me because people do n't take cure envarioment .
Our parents separated in 1980 , when I was 8 and when she was 10 .
People may choose to ignore the advice now but in future they may not have a choice .
Honestly dear , next time just ask me .
I went into the tiny shop and the shop keeper looked through me .
Nowadays , In many country the youth looking for doing sports to be fitness and very active there are many sports to join it .
In conclusion , cars are convenient , however , it is not for everyone use .
Kids have to pay 10 euros just for the entrance getting anything else .
There is also a cafe which serves traditional Silesian cuisine .
That was magnificent and mind - blowing .
So , the ugly truth is my country is n't clean and people do nothing towards this .
I was wondering if you do n't mind asking around if a school is looking for a part - time teacher .
He worked hard at the docks to make a good living with his mother .
I do agree with a statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Winning , we knew it had a cost but one that we could achieve .
Neither they do n't seem to take care nature and all around it .
I think it 's the best soap opera ever made .
Others think that if students take a year off study is unwise .
hello i like people and the children and i like to play make fun with children its very cool .
Particularly , in the south of the country .
It also has another negative effect , you have limited time on this planet .
I draw a meadow , a little girl , and a butterfly .
You walk among ancient , fallen tombs shaded by high trees of great age .
The first thing she saw was a young girl .
" , then I found everyone staring at me .
In my opinion , the Diet of Gym is very bored .
Send me an email when you 're able to go shopping
When it comes to the issue if Pets can be like our family .
I sent the plane into a deep dive and landed safely .
As Hong Kong is a new market for Trivago , it needs to enhance its popularity in there .
Those were Celine 's tears . '
After that Peter did not hang out for three months , so he can learn the lesson , You must not lie or cheat to your mother .
This premonition can not hold more true .
Second , public transport provides a quick and easy way to visit unfamiliar places with us .
With such qualities , I strongly believe that I will do this job very well .
TArragona is near Barcelona .
Last year I attended an art course , which taught me how to make interesting things only with my hands and fantasy .
4 ) Can we afford to purchase a car next year ?
At the same time , it increases the confidence of the customers for choosing its services .
There are two good reasons for doing not use public transport in the future .
I got into his bedroom , and there it was : the letter .
Give it a try and you 'll see !
Everybody thinking like the public transport is not comfort for us , but environmentally the public transport is suitable to decrease the pollution and our energy sources also decrease .
Actually I do n't have enough courage to say no to my father .
However , now the increasing number of consumers and logistic companies has chosen airplanes which can save much time to transport their parcels .
There are many workers employed so that the waste is picked up .
And it has been established in 1943.Moreover , there are not only the royal navy but also the royal marine crop .
Despite their beauty , new form of arts are very complicated to understand , especially compared to classical arts .
In my area , young people have a lot of options .
It is very friendly transportation where the people from all places , meet in one transport and they can make a relationship between them .
They 've got many mosses so they shoot very much of them , and they shoot at least every time I am there .
Also , we can learn to help each other in the team .
It gives people the opportunity to get to know what happens all around the world in each matter such as poverty , occupation , discrimination , suppression of human rights and so on .
If parents want to get these abilities , they need to spend extra time to learn .
This is a pretty compact machine but it 's not very efficient and very clean .
A large number of problems are coming up at present .
However , they should be aware of high costs of living in my town .
With public transport , is the best way to go to work . Because it is easy to travel .
Whenever there is a possibility to buy a new item , one should follow it .
Kimono has very simple structure .
I hope that you wo n't hesitate any more and that you start playing tennis at the moment !
I had to satisfy all of whims of the stars .
All the same car is also necessity today , because very often that is the only means to get to where you need to .
I have three dogs , one at my dad and two at my mom .
With a car in the city , we have some problems .
I encourage you to contact me with any questions or concerns .
He seriously needed a break , a few minutes to relax .
Good health is better than the best medicine .
We like to visit the cities and various sights in the area .
This reduction in the application of chemical materials can create a safer agricultural environment , ensuring food safety .
Their name is Pluto , Krocken and Zelda .
But do n't panic , let 's think rationally .
It talks about an ordinary young woman who has everything she needs in life .
Gosh dang it Peter !
Three times a week garbage trucks pass to empty them , and once a week a garbage collector passes to clean up the streets .
While I were in ANDRAPRADESH every year we have Christmas function in December although we are not interested to attend Drama they were not leave us without participation even simple character .
The most important aspect that the hotel should have , it should be opened whole year , not only in the summer .
He has been living in the U.K for the past 20 years .
Second , travelling by train is safe and reasonable conpared to plane .
This city do n't have a lot of citizen but It 's a travel city .
Furthermore , they give advice to those all novice on basketball " do n't ever lost the passion " if because they give up , they wo nt play with the biggest players of the wolrd .
Unfortunately , I think there are some aspects that demand improvements .
She is dark haired , very thin and small .
Therefore , he decided to migrate looking for better job opportunities .
I have had extensive experience working face - to - face with customers .
During recent thirteen years , the cost of living has been significantly increasing in most countries .
India is the seventh biggest country in the world by area .
Schools have Physical Educations for teach this good habit since our childhood .
On the one hand , public transport is slow and uncomfortable .
So , you do n't hesitate and move to the new country , in which you do not only get language , even different culture and lifestyle .
I think education is one of the most important thing for everyone .
My favorite activities would be : painting , and making up fun games .
We can change , we have to change for a better future .
On the other hand , metro service is a good medium of transportation , it goes over the road so you do n't get traffic .
The food is really tasteful , each bite it 's an invite to travel by the senses to far away places in Asia .
This school located in Marin , where is in north Spain near Pontevedra .
Ok there are some fans who are n't good people but the most important associations of football are trying to stop they and to abolish all bad things in football .
my dreams when I grow up that I travel alot around the world , marry a romantic funny person , have a good life and be a good mother like my mother .
Therefore , good leaders should know how to motivate their staff .
I am looking forward to see you in my country .
And sometimes public transport is better and sometimes using the car is better .
This diagram illustrates the complete process of note - making .
There give me a lot of knowledge which I need to use in the future career .
People in economically developed areas are in the pursuit of the perfect life and the people in the undeveloped areas are strving .
I love him and I know that I always will .
When Jake said that , we start roar with laughter , but then , another friend offered the idea to do a home film .
Finally it will look into possible future implications of this kind of technoogy .
For this reason the most people have Internet at home .
When I got it I read it five hours in a row .
Public transport will increase in the future , because every year there are more trainstations , and more streets .
Thereore , public transportation is the future and more and more people will be using the metro , publis buses etc .
People from all eages must help to clean up the city and protect the wildlife .
First , I think the public transport is more expensive .
I am in my last year of a Visual Arts major .
I would like to look to this sport from different perspectives .
Badminton is what I consider to be favorite .
So if your habits can be harmful for them you need to understand what 's a cost of it .
Furthermore , the court has walls and the ball can bounce off they .
Anyway i 'm very happy to write for you .
Despite everything they could take part to the competition .
Unfortunately Max was not as excited as his family , he had never been really into animals .
Built by using the most modern technology , full of the latest inventions which man can create ?
These people also help to protect the environment by saving our natural resources like petrol .
He has decided to do a short essay about capital market abuse whereby he considered to travel to Italy and pick up some financial data from Italian central bank .
The next place was a restaurant near the beach .
They can fight against the odds to be in the top league .
I like basketball because it is one of the easiest sport .
With the simultaneous growing inventions of technologies , way of living go through with it .
Years ago , pollution was not a big problematic to deal with .
On the other hand , smokers sometimes even do n't realize that their children or relatives become passive smokers too .
Moreover , I also did n't like to do exercise which was tired and my strength was extremely weak that every time when measure 800 kilometers I always ranked the last three .
We have worked with Nikita for 1 year during my account management of Enter .
Coyle 's right ! »
Why do we allow them to eat hot dogs ?
As you can see , my friend lost the opportunity because he did n't like what he was requested to do .
In spite of some controversies , sales promotion has already demonstrated a mass of positive impact on both sellers and buyers .
I opened some tutorial videos on YouTube and started to practise .
Bachelor Degree in Marketing and Communication )
My friend , I can not recommend this film enough .
Adults need to teach teenagers the importance of not abuse from using social networks , specially Facebook .
Everyone must be accepted and integrate in a specific society .
At least I enioy to take care on my garden , where there are many flowerbeds with a lot of kinds of flowers .
First of all you should find the entrance of the airport .
First of all , adopting a positive attitude is essential .
He chose a blue tie and a light grey suit .
So , I would recommend this CD to other people because I think that they could meet the signer depply through the songs which compose this amazing CD .
When you read a book you ca n't stop to read it
The other difference , hopefully , will be in medicine .
It is n't easy finding another work for them because they are alone able to sell .
Next to the blow - up of the North American steamer Maine , the Spanish commission created to investigate this explosion assures that it could n't be done from the outside , but from the inside .
We exchange addresses and as time went on we became good friends .
All my life I practiced sports , but definitely my favorite sport is squash .
This sports centre provides a huge variety of physical activities .
If I were you I wait to spend the money .
In spite of that I did not give up .
My town is a medium size city with eighty thousand inhabitants .
If I have to stand out any weakness I will say that is a bit predictable .
When I was 17 I moved to Kyiv .
I forgot to prepare extra materials for fast finishers .
One day he fell in love with one of his female customers .
Zivile Jureviciute
The coaches are slow , so most of the people prefer the car .
But when I 'm with him , they become secondary .
In fact I fall in love with her at first sight .
They start learning English or German at the age of eight .
From 7 am to 7 pm , my computer is running surfing the Internet .
Overall , average of 5000 dollars of year about ice cream van .
This makes Football or Soccer ever more equisite to a certain Group of fans - Hooligans .
My favourite sport is a Tamil sport known as Kabadi .
Teacher , I know to travel by car is the most convenient .
Seeing all of it we will change our future , doing different things that they have done .
That 's all for the time being .
We have to go fast from one place to another , just to be in time for fulfilling next task or activity .
If you only give me the opportunity to work for the camp , I will never disappoint you .
Yes , I know , not very smart .
I 'm happy as I have always dreamt of such a family .
Here , we are proud to report our accomplishments thus far .
He lives in prado so I have to take tow buses and that is very tiring .
On the other hand , not everybody can own the car .
My CV , which is enclosed , contains additional information on my experience and skills .
Managing long distances seems to be normal nowadays .
However , in recent years my village has been promoting ways for people to get ride of the rubbish in a conscious way .
Wait for me , please ' it said .
We planted trees near side of highway , unused lands , and outside of the city .
For these reasons , it is unlikly there is no future for public transport .
However , they knew that it was the best for her .
Practice together with people in your age is a lot of fun und you will get better soon .
I like to talk English at school too but my friends do n't like when I talk it in school so I talk Swedish ther .
More people are using it and it getting rush .
Most if not all of inhabitants of this planet would answer ' yes ' .
At this moment you need money to acquire the necessary to build an happy life .
In a matter of seconds nothing he fell to the ground , choking .
Ice diving is for those people who are absolutely crazy .
First , it should take some considerations in design , including background colour , artwork , security issues .
However , secondhand clothing stores are increasing recent years .
All these and many more like its cultural places , famous streets connected to square and gorges as well as old buildings make it " spirit of Moscow " .
Television is just like a kaleidoscope , there are various materials provided for us .
However , there are situations we do not find enjoyable at all .
However , not all it is ok , a trip to Italy is so expensive and many clasmates ca n't go it .
But , on the other hand , sport helps you to keep your muscles in tonus .
In conclusion , it is evident that GM food can increase food yields with the less use of chemicals .
For example , you must take public transport instead the car because it produces less pollution .
They avoid using convenience food and any kind of artificial flavors .
In the next following days , we mostly had bread and sandwiches for our meals .
But today , Things are getting change and technology marked a significant role in our life , Automobile segment increased its vertical and having a car becomes a need from luxory .
Not the majority of course but there are many razists .
The relationship among the countries is also significant , as we can see discord is among the countries , hoping that it will not draw the war .
As far as I know how to better understanding between parent and child .
I think everyone should take a year off after leaving school .
Michael could not digest this fact since he could not compromise on anything .
Firstly , a car could carry only 5 people at a time .
Secondly , taking into account of long - distance trips can not be avoided .
One of the biggest differences with the book is the atmosphere created on stage and the characterization of the characters .
It 's a cheap service and it 's very appreciated from people who needs car not every day but only for a little time .
Their names are Harry , Alice and Bonti .
The last year , the mayor changed the old buses by new buses without increase the prices .
Firstly she noticed only a big tranparent with a title " Happy birthday Anna ! "
or movies do not really change , young people watch old
Thank for you attention , and I 'll wait for your advaice , ( that is my first time writing over 50 Word )
People who believe it do n't care about air pollution and traffic .
Two months had passed since the day they dated .
Let 's see when and how that happens ... !
I hope you can help me undesrtand more about how improve my English level and develop my skiils
I think that you can to come to my country when you want because I will help you .
The company will set the retail price same as other bottled water products in market .
La Terrazza " is the classic Neapolitan restaurant , that makes pizza and all the Neapolitan specialties , as all the type of fried .
Next day he woke up early too not to play football but to take a look if this stranger will come back this morning . and he saw it again .
Besides their past we can , fortunately adore their beauty .
How is life going on with you and dad ?
It 's a way to deal with external world .
Forthly , I am only buying organic products for consumption and keeping a small spice garden at my backyard .
I would like to provide examples to illustrate my thesis .
This restaurant it is near the riverside of Zarate .
People really need these improvements and you only gave them fake hopes .
I love football because it 's a team sport .
Abortion has to be taken seriously in order to avoid these immoral action as these fetus are being deprive of their right since they have already a life .
In the modern world , the company which has excellent stuff is more competitive , and these employees are usually motivated .
Although the personal car is popular , the public transport is still be valuable for the country
Personally , I think this development has both positive and negative sides .
So for now we must sleep well to be healthier .
Also , the absence of magic would alter the overall plot .
Sunday I went to the mall with the same people .
Peter 's mother needs a special kind of milk without lactose , and the market behind home does n't have it .
Computers , mobile phones , the Internet have undoubtedly changed our way of thinking and behaving .
compilation of wedding arrangements and bouquets
By the time the event was upcoming , I had to take over the band 's equipment .
The way Easter and specifically Good Friday is celebrated is gradually deprived of religious content .
For this reason we were n't using a motorway .
That 's the point of Internet .
That 's why I like to go to school in terms of good facilities and widespread information to facilitate me to be a successful person .
It 's a very good method to travel in the city .
He is always with me even in the worst moment .
Tourists can encounter with difficulties such as a traffic jam .
If you rather like faster shopping I suggest you visit our Leo Center .
I sincerely recommend this book to everybody who wants to broaden their horizons and know more than you have known already .
But Fernanda summoned up the courage to ask her if she was n't telling any lies to her , and her mom told her that she vow that is n't any lie .
In addition , my academics education also stand out in my student life .
The good news is the average of people who can take advantage of the technology can economise a lot of time because they might have a sophisticate robot can help at home .
If Peter did not had run , perhaps Jon should have die
But when do this , they expose a lot of details about themselves , details that everyone can see , especially strange people .
No change , no life . Nature is life and death , construction and destruction .
Also , because of the fact that the urbanization have not helped most countries to adapt the cities into places more accessible to senior people .
When I was studying , I lived in San Sebastian .
Nowadays , we already have things like smart phones , which can nearly do everything we want to .
First , you have a variety menu and the service in this place it is wonderful .
The service is very bad the drivers are very angry and stressed out these do not lead with cauition , in Toluca exist report of high rates of accidents by buses .
I am currently taking exams for my English degree in the Ukraine National University .
Once they had arrived to the shelter the family started to say goodbye to the dog crying out loud .
We 're going to have a great time together !
Also as I said before we need more jobs .
Moreover Venice is one of the most beautiful cultural cities in Italy .
Thank you in advance and I am looking forward to hearing from you .
From my point of view , the main transport disadvantages , which caused our lives discomfort are time and place limitation , sharing the space with others , lack of free seat .
In our modern life money has always been presented as something really important .
First at all , this is a report that will explain how the village of Vancouver is handle their rubbish material .
Can you assure me of getting one by all means ?
Please find attached my Curriculum Vitae for your review .
Moreover , daily excrsise is very good idea which helps us to avoid overweight and to keep your body healthier .So I always want to advise people to practise this sport or other kind of sports to avoid diseases .
For some reasons , I really liked to play basketball , first , playing basketball can train my muscle and make the body more healthier ; the second , my classmates and I all know how to win a game through the basketball game because the basketball game is a teamwork .
- No , I 'm just want to know your opinion as expert .
In conclusion , so family and friends are very necessaris in your life .
Moreover , the races are masser and masser and more and more popular .
Indeed school is the first place where a children interacts with society .
If you do n't have training for a long time your body will feel something unusual .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediatly put on her coat .
When you got the answer or solution you can see that all effort worthwhile .
When I was child , my math score was better than other subject .
Cristina really likes dogs also she is too pretty .
There are many people who worry about and are willing to help and support them .
The first question is where our homes would be located .
News on TV tell us what is happening in the world .
Company also reserves it 's right to discontinue the incentive amount if their performance is not found as per the job description .
Rental cost is also a limitation as it is relatively higher in Australia .
We can be seen from the diagram , the highest peak in the has increased year by year , as the low as .
For some people , shopping is one of their obligations .
One of the most challenging issues in modern cities is transportation .
In my life there are too many sports i like to but there is one in particular that i love so much .
It took him three days to calm down and put the things in perspective .
I do n't know if he still works there , but I 'm sure that you can find a great support in him .
- jajaja- she smiles - it 's ok , do n't worry , it is my first kiss too , and I like it- she smiles again , but this time , the smile seems false .
I'm sorry , maybe next year I can go .
I am your new student , Zhen Xuan Wang .
I am very concerned about this proposal , for a number of reasons .
Michael did n't give up on asking her out .
Sometimes it seems to me that there is an ocean outside .
Nowadays young people 's health is n't as healthy as for example twenty years ago .
She also has pale complexion and black dark circles under eyes .
Sometimes I trust a lot and I have a bad grades so I feel depressed .
In my country people go to work by own cars .
For another thing , human will be hard to get close to the nature , and the noises of cities will do harm to human 's health .
Your summer camp is the best place to demonstrate me .
This sport is an invidual sport , then you win alone and do n't win a team , but if you play tournaments in double the one who wins is the team .
open - minded and toreant in my opinion .
We can produce electricity by creating wind wheels and water wheels .
I go to try read this books for to evoluate my english , because in the future I intend to make the first certificate .
In addition , The shop is very cheap and you can take a cup of coffee iside meanwhile you are shopping .
Michael is a man of 22 years , he has studied the career of electricity engenieer and now he wants to put into practice his knowledge .
From a professional point of view , he has excellent communication and relationships skills .
The result indicated that although the patients were merely robots , out of 98 candidates , only 22% students correctly gave the diagnoses .
This is an introduction for how to make bank notes .
That way , everybody could benefit of your spa .
Moreover , for many people the main factor is a price of a thing but not its colour .
On the one hand , there are alot of famous player on volleyball who had Knee ligament injuries , The most frequent mechanism of injury was landing from a jump in the attack zone .
Moreover , the alcoholics should go to the doctor in order to getting well .
I am used to organising sporting events and fun activities for children and teenagers aged between 6 - 19 .
I agree with the statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Farting in the open air is not permitted .
In military part , there are many obstacles and weapons for the marine corp .
With the development of mass media , television and Internet advertising has become the strongest form of communication .
This is because they express an action or an activity .
TThe plot of this film is about a 25 naive woman that was living and studying in Taiwan and one night went out for clubbing and met a nutter guy that involved her in a seedy drug smuggling issue with a Corean criminal band that forced her to be a mule drug .
after school he did n't go to his home directly to check if what he saw at the morning was real or not , but he did n't find anything .
In the end , to my surprise , the price was more expensive than I expected as it was announced in your web .
There are numerous stores and restaurants which have junk food built everywhere .
I am sure that there is a good future for it .
I think that we can meet on Saturday evening at the cafe .
I would like to help people in my best way I can .
When she opened the door , the boys set off the fireworks .
Additionally , I am a hard worker and an active person .
Now I am graduated in this major and I am really satisfied with that .
I would also recommend to stretch after every work out to avoid any kind of muscular pain .
They decided to design a vertical field to expand the laboratory .
I have big family consists of three sisters and one brother .
In just a split second the whole incident was explained .
Unlike weather in my country , Philadelphia is always rainy , wet , and sloppy .
Personally , I think studying on a computer it 's a better chooise .
I am looking forward to receiving my programme of study .
I hope you 're doing well and everything is ok .
Probably if you hear about heroic attitude you will be able to do without doubts something magnificent as well .
He thought that this was very brave but he had not enough confidence to tell her that .
The mountain was half - melted with glacier on top .
Insurances are so expensive in north America , most of householder are not using the car because of insurance , and also because of adding cost as fixing the cars , changing car oils and etc .
The movie is about Lucy 's family that moves into a farmhouse , mysterious and
I honestly think I 'll be very valuable to you .
This time the study showed that all of the applicants managed to write their essays in less than 30 minutes .
I have been a full - time housewife for about ten years since my kids was born .
When I go to sleep she is constantly sitting beside me .
HE HAD TO LEARN ANOTHER LENGUAGE AND LIVE IN A COUNTRY VERY DIFFERENT TO OUR .
TENNIS AND NOTHING ElSE
In addition , students in the course of research maybe create serendipity .
It takes all my spare time to clean and dust .
As mentioned earlier , Experience is a prerequisite for every teacher .
It is awful if you do not have a private transport .
" We can move to smaller house or fired some of the servants ? "
I hope you will find time to visit that park .
My future job wo n't be connected with it .
A sedentary life style and a poor diet lead of course to overweight .
But Long and The Writer helped to again the crown bury because the shadow him was following .
But if you want I see some work in special , feel free to show me via note or mention ^^
That 's why I think that it 's a good momento to see the thing through a new glass and that can be a very high opportunity .
Besides you need to know if a conflict is developing at the moment or if many severe situations are being occurred in your country .
Killed two birds with a stone is a perfect idiom to describe Peter 's situation because he got his beloved father back and still can pursue his dream to studies in ireland.q
I deal with medicine students who are superior to me , for example , doctors and surgeon .
Our city have a well equipped waste management system .
In general , its sales were falling with the time went by .
Why the soccer has been one of the best sport in the world ?
I learned a man says anything just to shut you up and not discuss just to have some love moments .
The reason he told me to go Balla is Noman will feel alone there as Badhon and her mother is not going .
Regarding the living arrangements , as I understand , food and accommodation are provided by the summer camp .
Family can take the bus to place to place , instead of driving .
As you know I enjoyed helping at a concert last week .
It is a battle where you can count only on yourself .
To ski well you need do push your body forward .
Nevertheless , it remains a good way to reserve and supply information which hoped to have more flows in the future .
Please let me know if you are looking for volunteer and if you are considering
I picked up and heard nice woman voice .
I DON'T WANT TO SEE YOU AGAIN ... "
I do n't know so many parents but whatever .
While skating was a whim for my friends and me in the beginning , I found myself in it .
I do agree television advertising direct toward young children should not bet allowed for several reasons .
In my case , I planned the activities into a proper time because the planners clearly show me the outline in the near future .
I would suppose I would have to say , in Japan Sumo is my favorite sport for watching .
And tell me more about that guy you met last month !
For the ice - cream van , it saled most in Jul - Sep each year , nearly reached 5000 dollars and it was still slightly increasing year by year .
He led me through the branch of life and taught me to know how is the best way to follow .
Some people might agree with this statement , but I do not .
AS we know our planet 's condition is getting worse every day .
There will not be a home without air - conditioning anymore .
i would like to play football because it 's too much exciting game . in proportion to length it takes only 90 minutes . whenever i got the opportunity i played football .
As long as there are some places for them to live , the natural ecology could be balanced .
He also thanked me and told me that if it was n't for me he would n't even think about playing tennis in a professional way .
And the last , ( but not the least ) , public transport is muche safe than the private , because it transports much more people , and so , there is more cauttion .
The second trip that I made was to Guerrero .
I have always had a natural ability to work well with children .
I enjoy reading newspapers so I can get updates on the latest development of incidents and news .
You also get to meet a lot of people in tournaments or even in normal games .
Many people were playing in a swimming pool when I arrived , and other people were eating Mexican food .
The convenience of travelling by cars benefits the majorities of us in a modern society .
Companies can create a site dedicated itself to introducing the value of the products , prices and services deals .
This also needs to be compared to the table .
The area of Great Wall has been inhabited with many ethnic group since ancient .
My enclosed resume outlines my experience in greater detail .
The countries will have 6 weeks to localise and production ( till Week 32 ) .
But I hope our town will be better with our help .
They produce no gas to the air , leading to little air pollution .
People from India and pakistan , came the UK significantly increased around 10 times in 1970 , compared to 1940 .
And this may have effected my way of thinking and acting in different situations .
Thereby , the bactericidal effect of the garlic , probably can explain some ancients ' beliefs that this plant can help in some illness treatments .
Can you help me somehow?Please I want to study this subject .
When I was child I ususally play with my friends of football .
You wo n't believe what I did last month !
I once told a friend , " You know ?
Also , during your journey , you might be able to stay night in your own car .
Hi everyone , my name is Jaime and I have my wife and a little child .
But lot of peoples saying that , the zoo can protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .
Nowadays people want to travel by their own conveyance by their own car , bike , scooter or something like that .
However , the woman inside of me shouts : What ?
He just lost the girl he loved for the first time .
I look forward to hearing your views on this matter .
I hope you 're ok , by the way .
Furthermore the monetary costs in the long run are much better using public transport both for individuals and for the wider society .
It 's the day after and Jonas has put up all night in the cavern and at cold .
First of all , I want to emphasize on reducing the usage of plastics .
Since I was born to my 18 years old I was living whit them , but now I live in a small apartment .
So , where to go ? What to do ?
The way they present themselves in the media and the well funded research are truly unique in German news programmes .
continue in London , I will visit to the largest parks in London , the hyde park that having a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for perservation thereof park
Another aspect I would like to emphasise on is the service .
They polluting more than factory does , by using plastic material , disposing wastes in public places and even some people tend to split and use public places as their toilet .
There would be a tremendous amount of pollution and traffic jams .
I hope that you will take advantage of my proposal .
last year I saw a movie called ' ' side by side '' , and talked a little of life in old history , and coincidence I was having this matter in school , then it helped me a lot .
I think that public transport has a great future because every time there are more people who use it .
But I wo n't opine that these are the only channels that can provide knowledge .
I want to write about the best vacation I ever had .
Meanwhile , they need to build natural reserves for wild animals which can not easily find another habitats to live .
It 's worth visiting because traditions of the ancient Belarusian , Tatar , Russian , Jewish shown alive make us feel history itself .
In addition there are many public transport which could drop you off in front of the park .
San Sebastian is a Town near the sea .
Anyway , if you read different books you can understand better .
Let me know the exact date of your arrival .
Tom was the kind of person that is always there for his friends .
She loves dancing and she is really a party animal .
Unhappy , John insists until Agatha accepts .
But it is your decision , these options are my advice .
Furthure more , there are advantages travelling by a car , like seeing the scenery and also the costs is less in compare to plane .
you are responsible for your workers and the customer satisfaccion , However is very satisfying to see how your own company is grow up and your customers return again because they loved your job .
Hello , Mrs Ashby . I want to work in your cafe .
On the other hand , newspapers are presented in a definite place , with limited time in addition they are daily payable .
Therefore , genetic engineering is important for humanity and the future .
It will make you feel vulnerable but that is life .
In my country the weddings are celebrated from Spring to Autumn .
Trivago has a very simple and rememberable tagline which is ' Hotels ?
Moreover , the special effect are better because foreign movies usually cost much more money than native to make .
Without the interference of the government , criminals may see their chances to take advantage of internet users .
Please be informed that all purchase requests which have been placed since early 2015 have not been approved to process by the Managers .
The diagrams show bank notes how to make , there are four steps to make the bank notes .
So you know what is going on in the world .
To begin with , Li Ren edition of the dream of the red chamber have 120 units .
I really enjoy watching and playing football since I was a kid .
He is tip of person you ca n't forget easy .
Today in the morning he have not gone to work and he was staying in a pub to drink beer , then a girl went to him , he knew her , she is Abigail .
In addition to fresh ideas , it should be remembered that to get a government job , one has to successfully engage a rigorous screening process .
A good example of this are the many informative news , which we are allowed to get .
On Friday I went to the mall with my family .
We have called the police , but they ignore us .
The time for dinner is not the same in all parts .
It talks about a little girl who went adopted but she is 35 years old in reality .
For those who are high interested in hotel searching service , they may notice to such informative advertisement .
During our stay all the staff was friendly and always available .
This report outlines the benefits and the possible objections .
Scout is a really smart girl .
Moreover that I am a kind - heart person who enjoys meeting people a lot .
Fortunately Kabul structured by Mountains and have mountainous climate , approximately this town have 15 ( mm ) Raining per year the remarkable Agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect for the Kabul city environment and producing Fresh air for the citizens of the mentioned town
I am writing to report on the local transport of Toluca .
Firstly , the food I make by myself is more trustful than the food that is made in restaurants .
I suggest visitin the Vatican , as I said at the beginning ; the county inside the city .
It 's great for me write about the sport and health .
Therefore I think that I am the suitable person for the job .
Therefore people do n't need to drive cars for travelling in the city .
Home free , he thought to himself .
I am going to start with the actors of this movie .
I really enjoy baking that I often buy books about it .
The main problem is the high price of the tickets .
I played tennis with my brother , but he always won .
I played tennis with my brother , but he always won .
On Thursday , we arrived at 12.15 .
These programs are not just for killing the time , but for educating .
I fell over a hundred times in a few days .
They are wonderful because they are always when I need them .
He sad that girl , that he was drawing , is the most beautiful girl that he ever met in his whole life .
In addition , as a mother of 8 and 12 years old boys , I have a vast knowledge of children 's psychology and am an excellent cook .
Next , it will come to the most improtant step , inspection .
It 's a huge , historic and imposing building .
If you do n't like spanish 's food you can go restaurant the other country , but i know you love it .
so , in my opinion children when they are witness always want to help strangers .
They must definitely order the best soup in the world .
I really like the school and it is going good so far .
Sometimes it is also a trouble for women , who want to go shopping with her partner .
On graduation , I spent two years working as a supplementary education teacher .
However , layman people seem not to worry about the issue very much .
I work at office and have no ideas where are my friends .
You can see some store fridge around the market for Drinks and Dairy like milk , yogurt , cheese , butter and cream Also chest freezers for Ice creams .In a corner , they sell cosmetics and a salesperson helps customers to find their required .
Further , continuous rising temperature is impacting weather patterns and leading to natural disasters .
Furthermore , vehicle collisions are rising greatly due to number of unclear road signs .
I 'm going with my Friends next week!!I think you get more tan what you pay for like its unlimited food and you only have to pay 10 Euros .
For someone who is starting this sport I would give just one advise : enjoy .
There is more than one way to look at this statement .
Of course , they all left in a rush .
It gives me great pleasure in helping kids in their activities and teaching them through play .
We are worried that if the trees do n't get planed soon they will never grow up again .
Last summer I worked at the Hilton Hotel for six weeks .
She heard heavy footprints on the stairs and buried her head deeper in the pillow .
Those activities developed my interest in sports and nature .
Jack fainted while their friends were rescuing him .
The woman uses mental and material processes the same amount of times .
if we want to count function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say . but public transport is most need service in big city as well as small villeges .
I mean when he wants something he just said give me that .
All in all , the shops have a variety of goods , which can attract many tourists .
I watch two match at the weekend of the Spanish league or NBA .
I am an open , hard - working and responsible student .
Let 's focus now on the pellet boiler .
It was nearly August when we decided to meet .
It is possible that we will stay in Athens about ten days .
I heard about in my English class of my university .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you !
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you !
I decided to talk to him and asked him to forgive me .
Although their hearts are all empty , the harsh environment is more hard to survive .
Finally , Taiwan still suffers economic slump , but we have so many businesses likes to innovate , market their product , customers likes to buy it .
Pontevedra is going greener .
I estimate more then 99 percent of them are cars .
Every wrongly executed rep will take you closer to an injury .
It then levelled off during the next 5 years .
I spend a great time with my friends , but I have a few comments concering the organisation .
He has to travel to remote parts of the world and have some very amazing adventures .
However , reading is the most important source to exercise the brain because it presents a lot of challenges for our mind .
Secondly , air pollution is a serious problem nowadays .
Verbal ( name - calling or taunting )
Buildings will become smaller , yet more functional and organised .
The tables have a grill where the chef makes his magic .
In conclusion life of young people is not very easy .
-"I'M FED UP WITH YOU ! STOP .
Could you tell me about the cost of accommodation too ?
No country can live without transportation as it 's the real meaning of connection between each other .
In the positive side , the size of the groups is really small .
You find yourself walking five hundred meters to the swimming pool .
They are very comfortable and cosy and a good price .
The purpose of this report is to showcase the in which power consumption is reduced , joined by the saving of natural resources in my city .
Like everyone else on this planet ... I think ?
Since he was a little boy people around he knew that this child had a strange character .
It was very big but was cozy at the same time .
An easy answer could be building more landfills .
Technology allows us to do and learn in one life 's time more things than our ancestors were able to in several generations .
The stage actor is armed with props , costumes and light as well as the film actor .
As such , we develop through interacting with their environment .
Yesterday I was surfed the Internet and find on an amazing site www.bargainstime.com
The note was almost illegible but Alison knew .
And people should pay attention to this problem and try to slove it .
For exapmle , we can take at least one family member with us .
He is seventeen years old and he has a sister .
The council is carrying out a project in order to erradicate the rubbish in my town .
It usually saled most in Apr - Jun and Oct - Dec and slided to the bottom in Jul - Sep .
At the end , he continue running , thanks for this , he approached his goals .
It is fine the way it is right now .
Sometimes your happy and sometimes you are sad , nor you are success or you are failed , that is the wheel of the life we are taking .
He thinks that life 's a game and he should surely win whatever it takes .
On the other hand there is one other most important thing in my life- health .
I think my favourite sport is cycling and swimming in summer or spring and skiing in winter .
I thought I should n't come as because those benches were disgraceful for me .
I think you could work as an entretainer in some tourist villages roun the country .
While we are studying we may not think seriously about job .
- Some experts think that it is good thing .
As a result , some people can make misinterpretations .
I like to sing and I can play the guitar .
Please feel free to ask for further information if you need it .
Do n't be afraid not to recognise me because I haven't changed a lot in two years , but for your confidence I will be with a bright orange suitcase .
A girl came and sat in the seat next to him .
The word beautiful is not enough to describe her .
I need pratice for be the best swimmer in the world than Michael Phelps .
Everything is going forward , so everything will be changed .
On the other hand , many people prefer visiting other countries .
My favourite sports walk , I really like this sport for several reasons :
What if I was an African- American , what if I was born during the segregation time .
For instance , knowing other languages , like English is increasingly day a day .
I 'm really satisfied as there were about 200 competitors and so I would have never thought to be the winner .
An example could be to have a free entrance in the Campidoglio museum if you buy a local newspaper .
But what about those snakes and guns in his photos ?
He has very important skills for the actor , these are charisma and charm .
I think it will be the favourite transportation for all of us .
Because the roots do not hold the fertile soil , and now , it will be blown away by the wind .
after this fall , the number of Jack&Jones Co. will rise up gradually until to hit the peak at 90 thousands of pairs in Dec.
Finally , governments should ues the space properly , like making plans before set up building , estimating the effects to human and animals .
Its location is in the western part of Bucharest .
firstly , people who prefer youth culture , I recommend Hongdae .
I will eat tokyo , my favorite dessert .
Michael tried not to think about it and to listen instaed to what she was saying ...
If you want to take photos the way free you can done .
I believe that it would be a good idea to fall in the cost of some activities .
Most of them were not stars when they made it .
Personally , I have seen only one " installation art " .
Frist of all at home we recycle plastics , glasses , papers and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , organics in an especial composting bank where we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials and finally all the other things are sends to an especial tip where we avoid to drop it anywhere . then when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street introducing their scraps bag in an wrong bank I explain them who they have to recycle and who important it is for our environment carefully recycle it
A variety of selections from different brands are available .
Then tele - viewers are terrified at the basis of their livelihoods and people grab up blankets tight !
Therefore , it would be incredible expensive to reunite all of them again for another film .
In the winter Gorky Park is very beautiful and there are ice skating park .
In a response to address these side affects that the civilization bring about , governments must take measures stey by step to tackle them .
Please , do n't hesitate to contact me if you enquire any further information .
Safety is a core component in the summer camps ' activities .
Some of them I saw , when was a young girl .
For example , once I do n't grasp an idea that my teacher have explained in class , but just remember facts .
I think it is time we start taking environmentally friendly attitudes to help the planet .
Once I have enough money , I will have my dream vacations come true .
A couple of good reasons are behind my choice .
The effect of media on people is clearly noticeable here .
The silence that followed her words was oppressive .
A white man racially profiles a black man .
Often the evolution is return of origins however I hope that the man in the next years will be to do n't forget the past .
He goes twice a week to the local climbing center .
Trivago does not choose radio to be their media as it is antiquated .
The concert was just flubbergasted .
I loves Ton Duc Thang university so much .
They represent an innovation that has changed the world in distinct ways and have implanted in different areas of society ; for example in security , health , army forces , education , industries and agriculture .
Michael was a person that was afraid of making any mistakes .
However , we forget the one importent thing , The earth is belong to all life .
Finally , Diesel was found alive and get evacuated to the medical center , where Jason was broughted to the jail .
It 's the great show , by the way .
This attitude is especially true to Sportsman and women .
Without a doubt , the efficacy of Taiwanese government is beneficial to people 's welfare .
On the other hand , I think there are two aspects that can change the actual situation .
finally , a public transport need more costs , because public transport ( such a buses , train ) fees every year is increasing , and this problem we do not face it by private transport ,
It all started with jumping over the big black trashcans .
save the world from waste and pollution .
Is it really that the end of public transport is soon to come ?
It is an oil painting , painted on poplar wood .
I think there are more younger parents because they do not live in a religious life which is far more stricter .
To sum up , I think the future in transport is just starting up .
In my case , this role is played by them .
However , simplicity in some cases can be very good and smart .
I think that we will order all we need on the internet .
I promise that if I go to camps , we would have a good time and we laugh a lot of .
Pig 's blood was used during casualties or deaths in sword fighting .
Very often , it has criticized to change indigenous cultures into so - called luxurious development , contradictory to religious faith .
There must have been a naughty child ' I thought without worrying .
I think that a public transport will have future by the many reasons .
Furthermore , we may need much more money to have some activities , such as worldwide travel or outdoor camping for days .
I hope you 'll enjoy our city centre , there you can entertain and learn something about our city .
I was ready and raring to go .....
so the did n't come outside in the day , and in a room it could not be more than a candle at a time , it had to be always dark in the house .
Or are we a product of our own lives ?
I 'm very glad to receive your letter . I 've not heard from you for ages .
Be always in contact with our friends has become our way of living .
All the place was surrounded by a nice and warm atmosphere .
A lot computers advertise their goods on the Internet so millions of people would know it - computers enable us to automate various tasks that we can not do manually and that is really helpful .
Despite the fact that sports are heavies , doctors are always saying that sports improves our health .
There are a lot of high - rise building and it provokes flood along the high - rise building 's section .
Finally , we departed at 18.45 pm .
Please , feel free to contact me if you have any questions .
I have lived in stockholm , and in two houses in Danderyd but no more places .
Last month , my friend came to Korea and visited me .
It has it 's own rules , tools and the people who are specialized in it .
If you want to relax you can also go to mountains or sea .
It 's a sport that looks like easy , but you can injure easily .
In addition , Dickens , as long as Charlotte and Emily Brontë in some of their novels , uses quite frequently the first - person narration .
What have you doing since you moved from here ?
The urbanization implemented by government across the decades in the cities are sometimes not suitable for all public .
Both cups are really fun to play , and it 's extremely fun to go far in the cups .
Fitst of all , the environment that belongs to both man and wild lives is going to lose balance in the ecosystem .
Nowadays , each family has several cars to use for their daily needs .
I 'm trying to choose the best time for all these .
It helps us in many difficult ways , if they have a problem we can take a bus and go there .
You can start your journey at any moment , any time .
Every day in my town people speak only about football becouse it could give you a lot of emotions .
He is always on my mind even though he is not physically .
First of all , as dioxides and carbons gases have been increasing ozone pollution worldwide in big cities , awareness campaigns should be promoted to highlight the alternative usages of transportation .
In the recent years there has been a great change in consumption habits .
Finally , in Extremadura the transport least used is the train .
Second , beautiful tourist places like a Venice .
So when children are playing around these tree , they can feel more healthy with pure air .
I contain all the characteristics in which you require and so is an ideal person for the job .
I was very interested in making my career through this but due to my studies I ca n't take effort toward this .
Teenagers are main target who drink too many soft drinks .
I ca n't wait to tell you more !
I think is a strong , maybe a bit hard to hear , but beautiful at the end .
The society is growing and as it grows it gets more used to technology being everywhere .
Maybe this sound a bit crazy , but whatever solution will be good , we only must make our minds up for able to look across .
He was feeling so free because of the fresh air .
It all started when I applied for being a volunteer at this event .
In my view , l completely agree with the idea that it is important to students to learn idea and concept than learn facts .
The people of Russia are becoming masters of their destiny .
I 'm looking forward to see you soon !
My dear students may have not known it , but really , they are too the source of my inner strength .
First of all , you should avoid small market places .
but my husband he takes cars of me he does n't allow to anyone to be much closer with me ,
It just depends on the dedication and determination of the person .
I like this sport because it is a simply healthy sport that respects my body .
It was as if a huge storm was coming .
I 'm really looking forward to doing it !
I must well admit this has not always been so .
I believe I possess enough professional expertise to do the job successfully .
Because where I was born there was n't any chance for me to practise football so I can become really good like other players .
Now , I have to wait an answer the company .
Nowadays I play football twice a week , Monday and Friday , because for me it is remained one hobby .
It 's just like a competition when I practise sport .
I used to live in Cancún but for my job I had changes mi city .
But believe me - there 's nothing to worry about !
There are so many kinds of problems which the environmental pollution causes .
There is a cashier next to exit door and you can pay by credit card or cash .
Furthermore , the major thing that computers made easier for us is , communication .
For centuries the population of the world has been dreamt of commuting anywhere comfortably by car .
Response : My education degree is Bachelor of Accounting , and I have a Master degree in Business Administration ( MBA Executive ) .
We can search it on browsing or we can also access youtube to help us .
And when I wrote down the last sentence I immediately sent it to the stated email .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Generally speaking , cars generates more pollution than any public transport .
In addition to this , computers can be educational and fun .
That means coastal cities will be flooded .
This is because in Colombia there are a lot of social - economic levels which make people to have a different and divided attitude toward education .
The cars are n't use more because there are many places where you can rent the bicycle and naturally it is free .
Tell me exactly when will you arrive as soon as possible !
In a club you will find professional advice and also as many peopole as it is necessary for a match .
Most of the time , clothes are handmade and original .
First place we need to care about is our near place , the town .
A car can be useful for effective performance of many tasks .
When I was a child I help my father on his jobs after my school .
Despite his high qualified studies in education , Mohamed had to carry on a job in a completely different field .
Another reason for using their own car is that easy access in a second .
First of all before arguing this question , it is important to compare the answers with people who are on the same education and school .
They saw every register of the memories of people in that town .
I also recommend the zucchini flower or the salads .
But , considering the increase in private vehicles in our crowdly populated world , it is recommended by geologists and eco - scientists that we use public transportation .
Kortrijk is nearby the French border about 15 minutes by car .
She broke up , but now she is on his hands .
In Nepal students study individually , do not ask questions with the tutor even if they are confused .
However , the relation between quality and price of the products are believed to be the most essential points to visit Cáceres .
Spontaneous activities were impossible as you always had to plan to advance .
You put on diving equipment and dive under a frozen lake .
By this time she had been spending almost all her free time near the computer .
Imagine the future , will public transport still be used ?
The place of Huang Ji Huang is pretty big if you compared with the other restaurants in PIK .
A great place to eat is in " The Rivera " .
Britain alone escaped almost unscathed from these years of unrest .
Alison left the house very scared , it was a dream .
I had penfriends in the United States of America and Australia .
The feeling it would be the last day of her journey .
He even did not remember what has happened and a serious headache made him did not want to get out of the bed .
Some people have your own car , but prefer use public transport .
Maybe , in fact the lands are more big , so that the transport had not published to anywhere .
In my opinion , taking public transport is more convenient .
I have done to take responsibility for my own learning .
You do n't have to wait until public transport arriving .
But most of young society are not interested this type of music .
In the first place , she never left him .
I am an 11th grade student from Barcelona , Spain .
The best thing about this web is that very easy to use .
They have a strong familiarity about favorites , skills , talents and all other valuable information related to their children .
I would ignore thriller films due to my fragile heart , but my mind is changed now after watching this film .
I have been practicing swimming pool since I was six years old , now I am twenty one . this should not let you stay without a clue of how much I care about my hobby .
I reckon Dr Montés fulfils the requirements of the position you offer .
Jabalpur(M.P )
The law of the jungle is not appropriate here .
The program has included many competitive activities that full of fun and cheerful .
It is also a good idea to play badminton and minigolf with them .
He is hobbies listen to music , play computer game , watch the football match and watch TV .
Besides its advantages are cheap and fast there are many disadvantages of taking bus or train such as time , quality of serving , and crowdedness .
He was very naughty and was not much interested in his studies .
Response : Yes , I have experience in international business and I have worked within international companies , both in Spain and Venezuela .
Therefore , it all comes down in this writing to expressing feelings about Seville and its surrounding .
There are lots of interesting programs suitable for people of every age .
It starts with a drumming and singing by young girls of the community .
The best way to get there is by car .
Marilyn Monroe once said ,
He thought that he must do something or his friend could die .
This weird feeling is especially caused by experiencing something dead or non - living as life - likeness .
How could I do this mistake ! !
In this kind , you are one of the team and all the team play as a one person .
Therefore it has a safe place in our society .
Disney has such a lot of amusement parks whose makes this place fantastic .
Then we can just jump inside it and move either direction , as we wish .
But it 's better to travel by car pooling .
My mother came and said , " Get up !
We all went together to have lunch to a nearby restaurant .
I am really satisfied by my parents as my indisputable teachers .
Firstly , if anyone want to move in the city using the car , that could be very expensive , due to traffic jam .
People who reach 18 have to complete military service is an issue , the supporters suggest that is helpful for the 18 to train the physical fitness and psychological quality , whilst opponents point out that is harmful for the human right and affect development of the country .
Thirdly , walking gives you a longer life expectancy .
I 'm sure is very heath for your body .
I never stopped praying all along ; in hope that somehow , somewhere , someone would come along to rescue me .
However , there is a big difference between these three types .
Apart from the above mentioned points , there maybe so many other ideas which can make a big difference to the club .
But sincerely there is no future at all for it , as our lives nowadays are becoming more a more demanding in terms of multitasking , goal seekers and family conciliation .
Suddenly , when he was trying to focus the eagle with the camera , he fell down .
So , could you tell me what is the best way to reach your house ?
Her friends came back to their country but Anna still is missing .
However , my father never got the toy when he was a child , because too many kids need to be fed .
Thirdly , we should take care of our environment !
I like to play soccer because I get to hang out with friends and train at the same time .
in my opinion the car more advantageous than car and the car is more useful
Or , most probably , I wo n't .
I think , you could nt work in my country , because its illegal for foreiners .
But , although all these advantages , the tennis player has to take care with some dangerous situations .
Furthermore , when it 's necessary good students can help the other classmates to improve themselves .
After school , I keep running on a track field to be an athlete on a school sports team .
-THEODOR FORSBERG
( On those times there were diverse monster , but none of them was like him ; he was in the number 1 rank of the monster in destroying things . )
On the other hand , we should stand in other point and think their reasons .
It 's calming , beautiful and somehow suits you .
We can say 50 years ago we had not thought to have technology currently exists , such as Internet , TV , smartphones , etc .
To conclude , the lecturer discords with the ideas in the passage by presenting three convincing reasons .
I am writing to apply for the job of camp organizer .
If somebody in my family ask me to help I need to know the whole true without any potential lies .
They spend a fortune on outfits and wait for being admired and appreciated .
Talk of getting to meet strangers who may turn out to be thiefs .
It was a trip I 'll never forget .
Firstly , is it true that cars are the faster way of transport .
Manufacturing costs are not expensive and these pills do not expire .
She said she will join me for the exam .
Yet , not many pay heed to the message .
I really enjoy volleyball and horse riding , although my favourite is swimming .
Maybe they are , like myself , a bit in over their heads .
Moreover tobacco contains a vitamin , called PP1 that is beneficial for your health .
Regular maintenance is essential for all man - made slopes to avoid deterioration .
Many believe that the portrait is that of DaVinci himself , while many also place a lot mystic connections with this painting .
The year off should be taken after university studies
I love sport and I usually go to the gym .
Moreover , " Means - End Chain " is adapted in the television advertisement .
I 'm writing of my summer job at the Cinema .
On the other hand , doing the shopping is not only something enjoyable .
But I do like him and I loved the course .
It was a pleasant journey that lasted only two hours .
I totally recommend it , you will not be disappointed .
Firstly I started a new job , it did not turn out they way I hoped unfortunately .
• 30% of them said they never watch them .
I live in Moscow , the capital of the Russian Federation .
THE MOST INTERESTING WEEKEND ON MY LIFE
At that moment I felt regretful and frustrated .
Some of them believe that it can only entertain us while others do believe that it can also educate .
Furthermore , I have worked as a catering assistant for a year .
I started walking towards my house when she yelled :
It is usually forgotten because it barely affects our daily routine .
If there is so much vehicle on road , it may cause several problems .
Her utils are at their highest the more she consumes .
I am not different from that.there is a back stairs influence in my life he is none but my father .
When , he saw into the water , he found a little ill frog .
He was amiable and liked Metal Music like me , so we always spoke about our favourite groups .
People got attracted towards her quite easily and often , they would find themselves adoring and admiring her .
In my opinion I think that it is not the only way but it is the best way .
Bodyweight categories are different for women and men .
After Blink was broadcasted , it raised common fears about statues to tele - viewers in Britain and over the world .
Magazines and newspapers allow learners to have direct contact with language in real contexts .
For example , when a man or a woman has ended to smoke he / she throws the earth cigarette not in the right box .
They got so lot compared with unpopular people , that 's why I think it would be unfair , if they have also private life .
I am part of the new generation where in future use car and the public transport are disappear .
As soon as I came on university , my life changed .
Firstly you have to decide if you want to visit the North or the South part of Itlay because if you do a full immertion tour of the intire Peninsula you visit neither a half of all you have to visit .
Cricket is a sport that have two teams of eleven playeres each ..
I work in advertising , I 'm an account .
I 'm sure you will enjoy the ride !
We can say for sure that stars and celebrities are also people .
Besides , there are emergencies , which can happen with guns or weapons such as explosions and accidents .
A game is an activity involving one or more players .
In my opinion young people will love this show .
When I arrived there , I queued for the VIP queue .
However , " it was the worst of times " also .
He will contribute with his life experience , and he will request for better working conditions as salary , family times , and health insurance .
There you can find a cinema , some restaurants and bars .
Sometimes we quarrel , but it does n't last long .
So in my opinion , people need to find right ways to let globalization push the standard of our living whereas discussing its advantages and disadvantages .
For work , I advise you came to Sao Paulo .
In spite of throwing dirt in a bin we also making some harm to environment unknowingly .
But he knows Timon and Pumba and they get that Symba believe again that life is good .
I learnt setting a proper goal as it is a significant factor to success .
A lot of effort has been put into reducing the fumes , etc .
He was delighted with her and fell in love immediately .
4 . Do you learn more at school or on placement ?
It should be possible for everyone to enjoy watching television !
If everyone use public transport climate change does not increase more .
Also , for low income families , they could n't afford to buy new cars , then transposition will help them to survive .
Unfortunately , my scholarship was ending and I was thinking about backing home .
They teach me the techniques of how to run faster .
Stephan still listening to the music and crossing the street .
Now what do you do at your school and at your home ?
The television 's use is staying more and more utilized by the people ; so we are getting more problems of vision .
But he did n't aware that the traffic light has turned red so the car could n't go through .
Secondly , it is not only from the school but also Vietnamese parents of the primary students are also expected in the education of their children .
The staff is charming , helpful and pleasant as well .
I think it 's very important as it reduce the problem of both pollution and population we use few transport as it is big and carry a lot of people .
Hereby we want to create consciousness in the pupils'minds about their new knowledge .
Last week from September 11 to September 21 , we had a minivaction .
They started to put small cones in one line with a bit of space in between .
for example , if you go to another city by car , you may spent more than two days on the way .
My most memorable learning experience to date was my marriage .
Last but not least , we are entering a digital era .
Of course you can be angry but it 's not a big deal .
He 's improving his game in a spectacular way .
But it 's not all , since you know two languages , maybe you can find
Because of injuries , I have now thinking on leaving football to dedicate me to other passion , the guitar .
I told tom I wanted to talk about our achievements before we went home .
The team name is coming location area which is AKSARAY.I prefer to play and watch football as well .
But the most important one is that if you are too bored or tired you can look out over a great sight of Turin or mountains from a class ' window .
In conclusion , we should provide free books to our students .
For another think I can speak English very well , because I had studied English in university although I was Portuguese .
I am willing to learn new skills and develop current , so I will surely be suitable candidate for this job .
Now days each family has more then 1 car for each one , this is only one of few reason that people use less public transport .
Nowadays , public transport is used for many people in the cities , we can find different types of them , such as bus
I could not stand looking at them , celebrating .
this sport is the best of the world and the most fameous annd i think that this is the most enjoyed .
Eating on a schedule is a very important tip you should take in consideration and also trying to avoid fried meals or fast food .
Sometimes are better to travel by the bus because of thorny road .
When science class arrived he felt really excited because John , the science teacher , told them that he was going to explain them a very interesting thing .
Moreover , her field of studies was medicine , which was her dream .
Moreover , large crowded cities using underground or bus are usually a good way to avoid traffic jams , saving time and stress of sad drivers during commutations .
However , the test evaluated as important feedback parents and friends opinion and I do not agree that it might be essential unless they are specialists in that field .
There 's also something for someone who do n't like risky play .
First what are the advantages of using the bus , or train ?
The report explains how my town people taking care of my surroundings and to preserve this planet in a betterway .
Michael entered slowly and tried to approach his wife . "
In this album the drummer was really great and fantastic eletric guitar solos were showed too .
I think the sheep should be transfer to a place where is specialty in animal with same condition .
After 10 times I obtained results on my body : stretch , sinewy and flexible .
In my organization , we strive for peace in the world .
Talking about your new job , I was searching some vacancies however it required a job for full - time , so I am going to continue searching some jobs of part - time .
In addition to this , Injuries were more frequent during games than training .
To sum up I hope to see you soon by a game .
Movie companies offer all kinds of movies so everybody can choose something that he likes .
She dreamt about living in a big city where anyone would n't know her .
He is in secondary actor , but I really sure you will have imagine as liar as me too .
I really enjoyed reading your blog about shadowing students .
As they were looking for it in the garden they realised the console was near a tree .
There is a time to love and a time to hate .
As you know , we frequently visit your Health and Fitness Club .
Three trumpet blasts were given symbolizing the start of play , yet none of the respected silence would be given .
We hope that above explanation is sufficiently clear and exhaustive .
She came down and opened the door - it was her mother .
She had lived abroad several times but she never has gone without knowing her return .
This is the only way to maintain mental health and not to fall into depression .
In particular , the killer kills seven people each one corresponding to those - that according to the Christian religion , are the seven deadly sins .
One of the drawback of going to the shop is that we spend huge amount of money .
In addition , we will adjust company 's management direction in each department depend on market 's reaction and environment
After finish to the home , due to I was so tired that I fell asleep and fell down .
I spent four years doing one of the things I love the most , dancing .
You ca n't disagree our global become urbanization in the future , can you ?
The train was running still too fast to jump off and soon it 'll be arrived in Milan central station .
I also play cricket and badminton during the weekends .
Nobody will never know that we are poor now " .
However when you go by car you can take your car whenever you want .
I really want that you be happy with your new life .
I wish I could express my dissatisfaction with the facilities .
One day , a girl called Irene talked to me .
If you have interest in my idea , I would help you to find one immediately .
Trivago is trying to represent that it is the most convenient hotel search engine in the market .
At the moment I am struggling with the translation of my cv .
Hope you liked my idea and looking forward to hear from you soon .
Some desventejas may not have the money to maintain it , and they always remember that the car should give you a service and not to him , which is why you always keep it in line with the engine so you do not fail .
It is crucial to provide students with printed material in the target language .
( have ) to have words to go owling but you haf't to have hope to see an owl .
Why does our brain think about food every day ?
Nevertheless , I might take a reasonable risk in case it can positively influence business .
" He 's died . " she said as if she was whispering .
Students go to school or university by cars as well .
The chapter will also cover the definition of the notion of pun a stylistic figure and how puns transfer from one language into another .
If the sheets are good , those sheets are then cut into separately and packed into cars in order to dispatach all over the city .
Do you know new recet for cooking chicken ?
This composition is about the famous person from my country .
He have an interview for getting the scholarship so that he can pursue his dream to study medical in Ireland .
Honestly , if I were in their shoes I would n't stand it .
A friend will stay on and listen to you in patience .
My advantage is that I am very open and friendly .
High cost of fuel will definitely be the lesser evil in this situation .
They ca n't do trivial things such as shopping or going to the cinema with their family insensible for the fans and papparazi .
Enginers are studying new engines that are more nature friendly , but even so , we have to reduce vehicles to help reduce green house effects and pollution .
In an English speaking country , everyday you learn to live .
I 'll be left with a lot to choose from , so I 'll see which illness is the hardest to endure and choose this one to donate my money to .
The public transport system is overburdened today .
Her parents looked at her , and they were happy after her .
I think the website needs to be revamped to attract more users .
The US always target on dividing China into many small , weak countries , then it can break up a competitor of itself .
There are such an interesting websites and blogs where you can find out something very useful that you would have never expected or unsurprisingly , missinformation .
Then there was a cry and the footsteps stopped .
I have been working in Harrod 's during five years as a shopper assistant and now I am working in the Apple Store of Covent Garden as floor manager , I am in charge of 15 employees .
In addition , the homeless people have to sleep in the street .
We told them that had to leave our house immediately .
They always bring talented players that will make the club be more improved tactically.people always say this;"Barcelona does n't buy players"it 's not like , they are lacking money .
That is why I learn my children to play fair .
I did n't have the Internet when I was child .
To summarize , if you expose yourself to television you will not have a private life .
For illustration , My friend has a dog , one day when they were in his farm .
Furthermore , he is very friendly and gets on well with everyone .
On the other hand I love travelling and in case that you know several language all will be easier .
He thought it will be good to distracted for a while .
Also , there 're more people who continue their education after graduation from college .
If any conclusions may be drawn from the data , they are as follows .
They are short sighted and seems that they are brain - washed by radical democracy thoughts .
Most people eat scrammbled eggs and drink a cup of tea .
One day , finding on google , the two friends discover that google looks for new people to employ in its company .
I do also ski with my family and that is the best .
In this step , skilled machinists is required .
Parents , in some cases , are mentors to children .
The product without brand tasted better to nearly everybody .
Seems simple but looks beautiful , sometimes the simplicity is the most perfect accessorise .
Especially when they have to live under a great lot of rules .
She 's a journalist from the New York Times .
These are the main places where young people usually go .
He started being nervous when we question where he saw that girl .
We need only an amazing runnigshoes , and that 's all , ok ... ,
National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) reports that teenagers are main soft drinks consumers and the most consumption of beverage is sugar sweetened drinks .
country , Indonesia , is full of natural attraction .
I 'm so happy to hear you 'll come to visit me !
It moves more people per liter of oil used and contaminates a small fraction of what it would had been if every passenger had traveled using an individual car .
By the time he arrived at the rivershore , some of his colleagues were already digging the ditch .
Through you listen the music you can expressed your emotions and this is the most beautiful thing .
the public transport have no future , the crisis in 2008 ; has been down the oil prices .The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the goverment give stimolous for consumers .
We haven't talked for ages " , she said .
Used clothes were sold by " gyosyo " , that means peddler .
I love to serving customers and to dealing with different and complex situations .
By the way , in that day Everybodys were celebrating the Day of the City .
I 'm going to dress now ' Celine added .
I forgot to tell you something about homeless people .
There are services which can to clean and pick up the rubbish every day .
I still think the public transportation system will be growing on in such a crowded era .
Does basketball have the fame that is deserves ?
I hope your friends'll be satisfied with my tips .
I accept feedback from peers and management and improve my performance .
So I could take the advantage of my foreign language knowledge .
I knew it was the beginning of a great friendship .
Today , we have more item to recycle as long as we clean properly and put in a proper bin , which will be use it by specialized factory in another item .
On the other hand , learning languages is not always practical .
This will result in consequences such as negative feedback .
It might be followed by a delicious mousse au chocolat served in a large glass as a perfect ending .
The other chart is about employer support , under 26 years old is the most higterst because it almost have 70% , the scentd higterst is age 26 - 29 years old ; it has 50% of people are taken ; niy yhe most lower is 35% age of group are 30 - 39 years old .
In this age people like being better than their friends and they like distinguish oneself .
I went on an Alaskan cruise in 1997 .
Focus on user experience , inventive , unique and our core products
i advice at all people that want start sport of they do begin , because this sport helps to grow and mature .
Ioffer an apology out of harm students , but fortunately he did n't got angry for me .
Every day , the combustible that we get to our cars is more expensive than use the public transport .
I do n't agree with this viewpoint due to several reasons .
Students should master language skills , with which the students can achieve their academic goals .
Of course after that I never thought that I ever had the chance .
They help me to develop and to see the world to a difernt perspective .
It does n't difficult and you can start to play .
He asked him if he could work with him and that he knew something that could help his devise to succeed .
My enriched experience in English language and my knowledge in petroleum expression qualified me to work in Training and Developing Directorate mainly in abroad training .
I look forward to hearing from you in the nearing future .
but these things are not important if there is not comfortable atmosphere .
Thank you for your circular in which you explained your plans with the Warden Park .
I would like to apply for the position you offered .
Technology has changed our life in many ways which brings many advantages for us such as convenience , easy to connect friends and easier to contract entertainment .
Indeed , the public transport cost for the same journey done by car hardly recovers the amount invested .
It make me lose weight easily without doing any effort .
Many people think , it 's not really a sport .
It was one of the happiest day of her life .
Also , It is a well - known fact , that it is totally hot to be with coat in a shopping mall in winter season .
It is common to see during summer many people in parks practising sports , like running , biking , or just doing every kind of physical activities .
Do not ruin our life , it could be all so perfect !
I think this , because the new technologies are created by people for improving our habits .
In addition , I work as civil servant who should follow the government rule .
How did we become the person we are ?
She was embarrassed that she did not recognise him .
I am very grateful for your invitation to the interview .
perhaps when we are buying in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask to assistant a bag o similar to carry at home this food or other things .
The metaphor is the Bible uses to express this relationship is covenant .
It is thought that the best shops in Cáceres are found in the ancient town as it has a medieval charming which involves visitors in that moment of the time .
She became really popular in all school , everyone wanted to spend time with her .
Also if you cook three times a day your cooking ability will go up .
Just keep thinking about these advise and let me know if you have any concerns .
Thus , there is a cause of agreement and another cause of disagreement which is freedom of choice and mental maturity .
I think your knowledge of English will be your great advantage .
We almost forget about those days before the Internet arrived .
The US and other countries should not disrupt it .
I do believe that people 's lives in the future will change toward the bad .
If your destiny is further away , another good option is to travel by train .
I believe that this 's wrong , because by doing so they 're not doing their well .
The Soviet Union collapse has become one of the defining events in the world 's history .
But now we need more buses or another faster public transport systems .
There are many different types of music in the world today .
On the other hand , if it is rainy , the cold water cools it down and make one feel less tired during one 's time .
Hence this will help people to be in a good health .
The share of cars could remain because of the electric cars .
They embraced and Alison thanked him for saving her .
They are conserving rain water using rain water harvesting process .
I would like to point out another his attribute which is his pride .
As soon as Anna and her friends came into restaurant everything started to go perfect .
Jack finally lost weight and lived happily ever after , the end .
I would be grateful if you could attend this matter as soon as possible .
And builing more transport networks is also benifit for us , for example , the high - speed rail can be shorteded our time in traveling.while the animal may not welcome to it ,
time then I suggest some other style , it has to be comfotable but
It 's great that your college mates want to visit South Bohemia .
I'VE NEVER BEEN SO THRILLED
I think that a group of overseas students must see it .
We were thinking that meeting there we will have a funny night in friends , but we were very wrong .
so we have to follow our dreams and create a warm and cosy place
They colour the world , they lift you up !
Besides you see new world and thirs form of lives and that helps to open you mind , see the world in other way .
Some are situated in the neighbourhood of parks , forests or lakes .
I have a certificate for high achievement in areas of painting and designing things of clay .
I personally believe that because of all this the public transport will have no future in our society .
They to want better for you , and always they will be by your side .
Most developed countries developed the public transportation system to low the impact of growing population .
How many car for all of people in the world ?
There , you will see beaultiful cities with European architecture and you will find nice wine factories .
Burning of leaves and other waste products have also been made punishable offences .
The world is constantly changing and technology is advancing fast .
Like every one , I was a normal person learning & improving day by day little by little from mistakes .
I found it very painful when my parents do it to me .
What 's more , the National Geographic and Discovery also teach me a lot of information and knowledge which I ca n't learn from native programs .
I think that it it very interesting and I like it
I 'm very happy to know that you want to come to Egypt and work in it .
First of all , Dogs and cats are a very loyal creatures .
As a rule , a friend or psychologist play this role .
I 'm really glad to hear from you !
Both of them are skills which help managing your life later on , finances in particular .
Furthermore , reading habits have their own taste , specifically for those elderly people .
I am writing to apply for one post in the summer camps at USA .
As global warming can have such serious impacts on life on Earth .
Once upon a time there was living a little girl in a small town .
When we were there last summer , I saw an endangered and rare bird which is called Hoopoe .
I have just graduated from faculty of law " English division " from two years ago , with very good grade .
There was a such time when I was visiting volleyball club , but I gave it up .
In other words , it can change our paradigm and mindset also into better perspectives .
In toward to modernization of life and technology the people belief in different perspective about way of life , but majority of ones is totally utopic .
So because of this , the placement is always a step ahead to choose for at this question because they will teach you directly more .
What 's the safest transport in the world ?
The course is mainly on workplace safety within power station .
Also , you meet a lot of people while you practise sport .
First of all travelling by car is very expensive .
Besides the fact that adults were not as well taught as children in school , they are the most civilized and responsible .
Just a blog ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
Usually I do n't watch sports match , I used to do that sometimes , but nowadays I 've been thinking that it 's just a waste of money and time .
So there is no one can hire someone or give anyone a job according to gender .
All the murders show characteristics reflecting a specific deadly sin .
It was impressive to see the strength showed by those children .
There are therefore a clear need for young people to prefer active and educating leisure time activities to passive ones .
It all depends on what you are about to buy .
The Alhambra give you this opportunity !
Every year thousands of car are sell and the demand is growing .
People are not interested in physical exercise & healthy food instead they are very much interested in earning money .
After ten minutes I asked the teacher of called my parents for returned home .
I can relaxing , when i walk alone and hear the noise of the birds in the trees .
Time is running , seemingly continuously , same as seconds hand on his clock .
There may be several colours on both sides of bank notes .
We made friends with this fairy after one entire day walking with her feel like you we knew each other a lifetime .
Sometimes , we meet our mutual friend and have dinner with them .
Thus , it is clear that private transport such as automobiles has plenty of advantages .
Unfortunately , I did n't have time to answer .
I graduate from AL - mustansiria University / collage of Arts / department of Translation in 1998 .
The marathonetscoming before or staying after the competition can take the advantage of visiting the city , which offers a great deal of facilities
The next day while Michael is on his pad watching tv , he heard his door bell rang , he was surprised to receive someone now .
The shops close at around six and eight o'clock in the evening .
Everybody has got some ideas , how to live their own life .
Last year I decided to go on holiday with my friends .
She had deep blue eyes and looked very shy .
This idea is fantastic , although this will be very complicated .
My name is Laura and I 'm 25 years old .
Egypt , Iraq , Libya , Syria , there were chaos for " democracy " everywhere , and the next , might be Hong Kong .
While the interview , I realised the different ways I would use to get away if I were alone .
It was impossible they deleted every bit of information about themselves
The most of the time they have free seats in their cars .
Each book can be used by more than one person .
Thank you for accepting our invitation to give a talk at our club .
Nowadays there are a lot of things that we doing the live easier .
Because of this risk abortion can be considered an option .
I like watching television , playing computer games and swimming .
Another thing we can do to a better future is avoiding war .
The large - scale building projects took the space which should belong to the animals .
Soon one of them was informed that an asteroid hit a satellite and created debris , which was heading for the Shuttle , where the two astronauts were .
Stelios Metaxas
Please reply with your answer as soon as you are able , so that we may begin to arrange your travel .
At the same time there are one more opinion that shopping is always enjoyable .
Driving is the reason why adult people do n't tend to use as much public transport .
He was refused with food but he kept going with his strike .
I was very disappointed because I did not do any of these things during vacations .
You can smell and taste the gastronomic delight that offer , such as the stunning Torta del Casar with denomination of origin .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Public loves to know everything about their idols and they always try to find out some spicy details .
I miss you so much . how are your baby ?
One of the most important experience I think was coming to study to Tijuana .
now traffic problem is the biggest problem . only solution to this use of public transport system as much as possible .
Besides btilliant actors they have incredible decor and it 's perfectly situated , that is very near to the bus stop .
I think , it 's a great job for me .
I think that the horse is a kind and clever animal .
We made programs that make computers do very interesting things , like graphics .
It was the worst night we had ever had .
This had been some positive and negative effects on the possibilities to study and on the social life .
It will a great pleasure to have a coffee together .
The second problem could be from peers ' stresses .
You just have to avoid supermarkets , buy clothes in advance - so there will not appear the situation , when you need something really badly and it is not in your closet , and of course of the male company , better choose the female companion .
Taking care of environment has become an essential need in our daily life .
The fare of the metro train is almost equal to the other transport means .
People who practise martial arts are less aggressive because they practice to control their inner energy , and also to respect .
Well I 'm Sebastian Vega and I 'm studying engeering sustainable development .
Discuss the risks and impacts of climate(weather)-related natural disasters .
I hope that you consider my application and contact me for the job .
I think you should be more on time or you will get a bad rating from your costumer .
There is a tower by the castle in the Roman style .
However , I think public transport should be kept as it still have their values .
Moreover , I attend speaking clubs , where native speakers lead the group .
I am writing to apply for a job in Mrs Cafe .
The Bulgarian school year starts in the middle of September .
I 'm catholic , I believe in God but I 'm not very friendly with the Vaticano 's rules .
Students have to do assignments with another language and use different thinking manner .
In the 19th century for some , such as Cesare Lombroso , geniality resembles mental illness .
That morning his grandmother went to the hospital because she had to do a surgery and she told him to buy some magazines for her , because at the hospital she 's bored and she could n't get off the bed for a few days .
Celine came in and kissed him aggressively .
Good Thriller was not my favorite type of gender until I saw ' No Escape ' .
He tried a lot of different materials to make filament of the light bulb .
She has been waiting for that moment all her life .
That is what I call a good activity .
We will see things happening then which today seem to be impossible .
By the way , do you know Jess Morrow ?
In front of her was a stunning house .
Therefore in this city there are not many factories .
I have qualification in children , I am a teacher graduate by University Carlos III of Madrid . I have experience in adventure sports , I like the country and mountain .
If you want to find a job for only three months , I suggest you can teach English for summer lesson .
I enjoyed the past summer holiday , it is entertaining and I usually travel around Hong Kong with my family during weekends .
If I can say , beaches in those islands are more beautiful and natural than in Java island .
They finally meet and get happy again with a lot of good friends .
I found myself teaching English in my Country , far from the language competence I was longing for .
Now I explain to you , how to reach my home from the airport .
Why on earth do they love slits , scratches and scars!Are they sick ?
If you go with a train , you need a ticket , that 's not very cheap !
Suddenly , it got so dark , that I could not see a thing .
There is a stereo system on the bench and scareted around the room there are a lot of puppets
5- It gives me big time to think on all my life without any distributions from anybody .
For example , 53% of the female students are on - line more than 3 hours a day .
Moreover , travelling by trains , trams or buses produces less exhaust fumes and as a result saves ozone layer .
I would like to start of with one of the most renownedly malls - called " Donauzentrum " .
The other car driver came up to us slowly .
Secondly , travelling by public transport is much cheaper .
Almost , Cáceres has a great offer if someone wants to buy other things like clothes , souvenirs and art .
Every Monday there is a street market in the central square .
Armando Martínez
I was at school : while I 'm listening to the English lesson I felt a strong headache .
The success of the soap opera depends on the theme , the people have to weather to relate to it or have interest on it .
I look forward to reading more articles about this subject .
Pontevedra in its way to become a green town .
It depicts the growth of the population in " Germany " .
Once upon a time , there lived a boy named Micheal .
This made every thing seem less cluttered and more manageable .
As I said , it is not mandatory to have all the dedicated equipment but it could help .
Very soon I had recognized that the process of learning was not easy as I fought .
Then I talked with my friends about our holiday .
However , I am not that crazy to marry the man whom I not know in real life .
He was really confused because he thought he was dead .
Maybe it 's really time to make a resolution and do begin writing it .
We will review their performance in a period of 6 months and accordingly will decide on any upward / downward revision in their salary .
Now I want to utilize my summer to help children in different activity .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you soon ,
I sit in front of my computer and I acquire news around the world .
There are dancing square and many romantic alleys , also there are toboggan slide .
Variety of cafes and clubs would appeal to a great number of foreigners owing to the fast service and the proper attitude to clients .
Sometimes famous people look a little bit different that on the stage and their faces wihout any makeup appear in the Internet .
But if you haven't read it I suggest you to read it .
Women do not knoe their importance for the future on their own homes .
Moreover , they only need a small quantity of fuel to be produced .
I 'm delighted although the weather is awful .
It contains twelve tracks to enjoy that you wait impatiently for the next song .
One example of this could be North Corea or some Arab countries where their Government ban to have access Internet to citizens , in other words , they want to mislead about reality avoiding population could claim bu this nets or up in arms against their system .
While waiting for it , you can play with video games placed in the basement .
I watched this movie several times , after I arrived in the UK .
I hate eating vegetables and I love eating chips .
On the other hand I 'm used to work long hours as a matter of fact in holidays I had worked in many restaurants .
Vera Borbála Solt
For all that , I think that we should be prudent when we assess means of transportation .
Being able to keep a promise is a very important quality of a person .
The people in my town take care of the environment .
I like this game because it is exciting and challenging .
Michael came back from the school after a tedious day .
Furthermore , on Tuesday and on Friday we wo n't have class and we will be able to go running and cycling .
Nobody can argue with the fact that education is a relevant period in the development of a child .
The tables are small and tall but they are comfortable .
Think about your family , is it important to you ?
For these last one , it 's not necessary to use technology , because they can continue to live without using it .
It has three bedrooms , and it has two living room .
I go cycling and running regularly so I think I could define myself a sportswoman .
The admission 's tickets to the most of Budapest 's museums are comparatively cheap .
I strongly advice to see that , there is an English - speaking guide who will show you the way of brewing process .
As a matter of fact televiewers are not able to decide the palimpsest , but they still can decide to switch the television off .
Therefore , we are reforming and doing high - tech items , likes LED , photoelectric , vacuum , steam mop , etc .
You could ask them about me and they would answer you immediately .
Those improvements may include lowering the price , reducing the times or offering new destinations and more resources .
The only drawback that comes along using cars is limitation in fuel resources .
When he talks he has done many mistakes because of his over talking habit .
Yes , I think it also can educate .
Will we live in that house alone ?
Television can educate in several ways , to mention some : by providing and extending information given in certain curses at school , and by providing information that is not even taught at school .
Nevertheless , I can understand people who choose the second option .
And Michael do n't care what people think about him .
You knew him for years or will meet him in a year .
He was a pastor of Bautist Church and he fought against the dicrimination of black people in the Unated States in the 60 's .
Therefore , I am writing to give you my details .
I would describe myself as a good listener and fluent speaker with strong ability to control the discussion .
On the other side , there is a price of celebrity and they should just reconcile themselves to this .
Real friendships everlasted like what I am actually made with my best two friends , should be founded on trust and faith .
Is that how they want to start college ?
It will make you cringe , bawl like baby .
At the school , children are learning how to spend less water or electricity at home .
Secondly , printing -- including sheetsof bank notes , printed(50 bank notes per sheet).There are some requestion -- colour on both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
I ca n't imagine our world without public transport .
In addition , they always supply much food to us so that we wo n't stay hungry .
named " Djursholms ridskola " and at Sundays I often go
Besides , I particularly enjoy outdoor activities rather than indoor ones .
My name is Tom , I 'm 12 years old .
Somehow she reverts back to her old ways .
Regarding file sharing , in my view , music industry should adapt to new technologies and habits of users .
Further , after you board off the train , you again have to find your way to your destination by either walking or using another mode of transport .
One day , Michael were going to school for his final examination .
Ultimately , teachers may have different values from the ones of the parents .
A storm of food problems broke out next .
It is important to take care every moment at his side .
I fully believe that this combination method is the most effective way for students to learn English .
I just got back from a school trip to London .
Then the turtle started swimming and disappeared of our sight .
Equally cruel , it is , in my opinion , to accelerate the pace of growth by forcing .children to work like adults or by inducing little girls to dress and behave as femmes fatales in video - clips or magazine covers .
The Yellow River is a combination of history and modernization .
I saw a parents with children but kids did not have many attractions .
So let politicians , film stars , singers and others be .
2º ADE - TURISMO
That is why appearance should not have consequences in our lives .
That 's why you must see it !
After the action , he can go to the time in the past .
I live in a small city in the middle of Vietnam .
I tend to collect in three different boxes of waste , for paper , second for glas and plastic and third for rest rubbish .
The implementation of projects not need to be only for spending money .
PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS FOR OUR ENGLISH COURSE
And I would always have my meals at some luxurious restaurants .
Please do n't tell Vrinda about it .
Is it the genes we are born with ?
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
Lastly , advertising like art originated a long time ago .
Public transport is used for many reasons and can be convenient for different circumstances .
My name is Misa and I am 25 years old .
Moreover , our country pays little attention to them so population should do everything on their own .
That is what I say that the fewer children can get more resource and easier to be raise .
Immediately the fighters of Sweden began to stop attacking a hill .
Fame is a choice of many people , it was their dream .
But everything has changed since he came to Danang city to further study .
Fuji is so majestic that many pictures and paintings have been done of Mt .
Besides , you can have could shower after and before that you do swimming , this is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water of the pool and if you get into the pool very fast you can have a problem with your body temperature .
Also , it is an excellent way of saving the environment .
This kind of transport is regarded as a covenient way .
My personal opinion cultural literacy is the way to understand , learn and know about other cultures .
They have similar skills and productivity , but , honestly , I prefer working with the morning one . I do n't think you 'll have any problem with both groups .
My level of English is very good , today I 'm learning and working hard to improve .
I 'm 25 year old male from Russia .
I played so good that everyone gave me congratulations but that s not all one of the best team of the world wanted too take me .
As a part of diversity , people , therefore , seek ways to reduce cause and effects of these coming disaster .
It 's important to avoid accidents , become comfortable and have a good journey .
I do also like a song called classic with an artist called MKTO .
From that day , my older brother taught me to play with it .
At the start of the 20th century , almost no - body had a car .
The environment is becoming a more and more burning issue , especially from many years to nowadays .
Different shops will offer a wide range of goods and impresse with interesting design ideas and unique style .
I found that they challenged each other more than they ever do me .
Much shorter than their fellow colleagues , they have always been able to compensate for their physical lacks with an extremely good tecnique accompanied by a strong head .
He walked as fast as someone who knows the way .
I rather enjoy spinning , feeling the rhythmn of the music lowder and lowder , this gives me high energy each time I went spinning .
Third , public transport is good for the environment .
Is necessary for your health but , what about if you go running in the mornings ?
But the most important thing for having a healthy life is to be quiet , not feel stress .
It was built as a foundation of King Casimir the Great .
After all those letters we sent each other , now we can meet for real .
You do not particularly like that feeling , do you ?
He wanted to explain to me what was the problem .
The public transport is slow and have got much people .
The picture below illustrates how to make bank notes .
However , she never imagined how dangerous this job could be .
And driving your own car can be very convenient too , it can right come to your own garage .
Furthermore , we sometimes feel scared to face new experience and then we can lose a perfect opportunity to improve ourselves .
He just kept quiet and begged me to stop .
I was absolutely terrify as I had to show .
All in all , I think those tips help you and I hope you will
The connection between quality and price is plenty balanced .
There are so much animals and when you are quite , you can see a deer or a fox .
I hope you will consider my request , this would actually be a wonderful experience for me .
Duped , so to say , into this unlikely event , a date night .
I feel these skills would allow me to perform effectively in this posistion .
They presented arguments to get the custody and the layer listened them very carefully to decide they can not have the cat .
Email:8jkWE2h@gmail.com
Consequently , we should never blind trust in everything we see or read on the Internet .
I fell behind , but it was worth it .
Also they always support me no matter what I do or think .
After some ages we can not attend any this type of activity because we all are become old .So let do and enjoy your young age be happier .
In your article you write from a education center with assistance for new franchisees .
The most said that using a car more convenient than using a public transport .
The traditional or local music of a certain area has it 's thumb print on the person of that part .
I love football the most , as most men would .
Tom had faith this day will be better than the others .
Famous people need a love , family , entertainment and support .
Karate can be started by anyone and any age .
After that the consumers made a blind taste test .
Since yoga entered my life I try to change my common view of many things .
How do the town try to keep the area clean :
They had been writing for two years on the internet .
Future of public transport will be measure on the basis of advancement of the private vehicle .
Sincerely , I found it very difficult to choose the best film .
He gave me 3 days to think about it .
In this area there are many fields where were built wind turbine for use the wind and creating electric energy .
I think that he will be great asset for your college .
On the other hand , public transport is good value of money .
The breathing landscapes you can see from a museum are also a great advantage .
It is more possible losing contact with a friend than with the family .
Polluting them is like endangering the life of the whole world .
Last month I helped host a concert in Timisoara .
Nowadays technolgy is more modern than in the past and people always developing their invention to become more useful .
It 's all about will power and the absolute want to get better .
It 's not necessary to say the same words .
A single car will not be enough for a family .
He returned to London and began to compile a portfolio .
The beautiful seaside and natural games reserve or Zoo makes it very attractive to tourist visitors .
There are many places where you can throw away your rubbish .
LOZAH plays with balls and ropes .
In the right corner there 's a sign which says that in this shop it 's not to been allowed to sell knives .
I enjoy this sport because of its highly aerobic exercises .
Today plenty of ecology organisations are trying to raise people 's awareness of the environment defilement .
The film is based on a girl , she is invited to many weddings in which she is a maid of honor in all of them .
As you asked I am going to give the information of how my village looks after the environment .
Then she took the phone and ran out the café .
Second , people can make a friend easier when they have a good sense of humor .
For instance , degree courses , master courses or just an updating course can be found .
In brief , there will be serious consequences in terms of less precipitation due to extreme weather .
Besides is possible to book special tours in which there are guides dressed like pompei 's citiziens .
When you are in a hopeless situation they have the right counsel .
Lastly , the problem is from students themselves .
Therefore bravery is very important : nobody needs a fearful spy .
In this essay I will describe some of those effects .
However , being able to protect against an invasion of privacy is a fundamental human right of stars .
The first day when I studied at the university , I had a lot of friends .
There you 'll find me waiting for you .
We get to know about so many facts on a quiz show .
Without the visual effect , it becomes less attractive .
It 's April now , and spring is finally .
Jack said I know someone who can do that but how we organize the show .
Traveling by car , I can choose the time .
The key step is to manually inspect the notes .
Convenience is not the only one consideration when we are travelling .
I can answer my e - mails immediately .
All these malpractice can make they have an accident and other innocent persons are in danger .
Had I choose whether considering television educational or not , I would definitely say it is .
I enjoy using GPS during travelling on my own to explore new places .
we all know that do sport is very important to keep our life healthy and happy .
We human beings are highly socialized creature in the world .
Clearly , the assessment become much more efficiently with computer and internet .
Reality is that the fast - paced world we are currently living in is stealing us our own time .
After authorizing my credit card administration , I tried to renew it , but again there was the same message of error .
The bad news is that in Mexico is not very common , so it 's a little bit difficult to find a field and is expensive , more or less the price per hour is $ 150 pesos .
I suggest changing the old buses by new buses and put security cameras in the buses .
A Real Vacation and A Dream Vacation
He is my best friend who never hurts me .
They did n't choose me because of my weight .
The advice that I give to someone who want to start swimming .
In the school I study German and I like the language .
We do n't choose parents and children , but we can choose a good husband or a wife .
I tried to understand which toys children liked most of all .
And the amount of the city 's garden does n't match the amount of the population and pollution in that city .
He will deal with temporarily disabled people who come for a rehabilitation session every other day .
Furthermore , the car could be empty and go anywhere we command .
Obesity and other thins about help , is a topic very important because the people is dying for this problem .
In addition , I met new friends here , they are very clever and physically strong .
Summing I prefer doing my shopping by means of websides or auction portals .
In my opinion they are also people as we are . They have their own life ,
Louis got caught and told the cops that Lucas was the one that had broke it .
What is more , computers can actually cause health problems .
I learned to decorate the stage and sew costumes .
That 's all for my presentation today .
In addition to this , we would not take too much time in looking for a bus which would go specifically to our destination .
It is possible to find many examples which confirms that argument .
I started to play football when I had four years .
The chef can make the menu of the day to the dinner or you can choose a special menu .
But there is also an inconvenience - it is also expensive .
It is also make convenient for people who are rushing time to work , meeting and so on .
Sometimes If I would like to play football but it rains I can watch football on television .
First , the teacher will train us soccer technique .
My favourite sport is Badminton because we can have lots of fun while playing .
I love to help people and the best was I meet members of band and have the autographs !
Discovery channel is the knowledge bank and animal planet is very interesting .
Moreover , when we as teachers have a study day , I get tired myself by sitting all day .
I was with my sister and my friends and I spent a wonderful moment .
they have also a playground where children can play and moms can sit on benches and gray when grandparents to accompany their grandchildren 's red deck painted with some dolls that say .
They were to meet on the street Boulevard Arago .
I would like to explain about the my favourite sport cricket .
I 'll be happy to receive your answer .
Can you say now , if you have this service ?
To work abroad can offer you a good opportunity , maybe it would never happens in your own country , instead .
Family is one , and we do n't know when can lose them .
Do you prefer to watch films at home or go to the cinema ?
First of all , I want to sincerely thank you for the opportunistic offer to proved quick ways to begin saving environmental resources .
On the one hand Comedies are my favourites ones because I have to laugh when I have finished my work .
To sun up , all kind of transport have positive and negative aspects , but depending of our necessity we use one or another .
I found this movie both exciting and emocional , both thumbs up for me !
To be a successful player one has to learn some tricks , which helps their game easier .
I am sure that you will love this country !
We like very much the sea , so we looked to rent a little cottage on August at a lovely place in Sardegna .
The last sales of the last year was $ 850 .
We have to help them , to show and explain .
There , over the last two years , I 've been a Leader of a group which was involved in the organisation of Courses for young students with learning problems .
I decided to do this , in according to the biology teacher .
I would genuinely welcome the opportunity of an offer to work for your language school .
The companionship of our loved people is always the best solution to release our pressure .
Our tools will be transitivity analysis and language .
I ca n't wait to hear from you .
We rode on Asian elephants and dived in the water .
First , the graph showed an upward trend to ice cream van , and in 2014,it has the largest percentage of sales nearly 5500 dollars in Jul - Sep .
Enterprises want to recruit young and experienced people and universities and schools have noticed that so they are hands on the task .
To sum up , TV viewing is not just entertaining at all ; It definitely is also educating .
I 've always liked to play with kifds and make fun activities with them .
Actually , my family is huge so I can cook big amounts of food with my own recipes which are tasty and quickly in order to feed all the kids in a glimpse .
Secondly , art as well as advertising is such a large part of our everyday lives .
All these topics by using creativity and new technologies can be faced in a way to make them soft and adapt to entertain .
Families ca n't dispense of cars .
I need the CPU as soon as possible and before 17 march 2017 .
They say that I am able to work under pressure .
And advertising is a combination of sounds , images and words .
Michael is a nice boy but one day he met Julia .
In the evening , when all the daytrippers are gone , the city wakes up again and all the bars reopen .
-Yes , just wait in a fraction of second you are ready .
What do you think of that , you prick ?
You have to pass some days in Fernando de Noronha .
When everyone was out , we told of Matias because he organised a party without our permission .
Therefore , the happiness brought from my social connections helps to alleviate the stress related to work .
I hope you pass it with a good grade !
I had to buy a ticket for the next flight .
But actually if you cook much you can use your energy so you can consume your weight .
-old and contemporary Danish journalistic articles ;
If it continues , no resource will be spared for the future generation .
We made a schedule with all our training days and hours .
If you came here , you will see a lot of country and you travel around the world .
I hope if I can living with him in the same place .
I am an accurate , punctual and trustworthy person .
One other place to visit in Summer is the pantanal .
A transportation vehicle that has changed people 's live .
Let 's step into famous people shoes .
You know how much I want to graduate in History .
In the future people will comunute between them by their computers , cellphones , tablets and this kind of technology will lead us to a lonely life .
I 'm sure , you would be like this movie .
Suppose that we have a stock failure resulting from an increasing demand of a particular analysis .
The weather was Aldo good today , the sun was shining and there were no clouds in the sky .
- I do n't repeat myself a third time : What is your problem ?
To conclude , I think this is a really good sport to start with when we are a little child to gain experience and year after year becoming better and improving .
Firstly , online learning conveys flexibility in its shedule .
Besides , Hong Kong also has many country parks for hikking .
I enjoy learning new recipes and I try to find out different flavours and sensations cooking .
I love kids , and i m very outgoing .
Furthermore , in the biulding of the art gallery there is a club Oko .
Never have I seen such a lack of organization .
( 2 ) shelve controversies and set up dialogue .
According to Wiki encyclopedia , FBI called the occupier as " terrorist " and decided to suppress the dispute as settling terrorist attack .
But before opening it I decided to make a cup of green tea to calm down a bit as I felt nervous enough .
This restaurant is very big , we would n't have a problem .
All the previous steps and more are being applied by my town sitizens in order to improve the environment quality and go long with all the procedures that help them live happily healthy life .
I do part - time job at school hostel as a teacher .
She graduated the high - school at the age of 15 .
Because after Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Studies and monitors students ' progress , help them to deal with their problems .
It is known by Human history at least since 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garlic is associated with superstitions , providing bad or good lucky .
I 'm a teacher in chemistry and math too .
I was even better than the older children everyone was telling me too go to a team .
I become more organized , and I managed to do more than I could imagined .
Because my family always prepared everything for me when I lived with them so it 's very difficult to be independent .
Pradip Anand Khatri
After a long day of shopping , you might have spent all the money .
It 's very large and has special lights at greek performers room mainly .
Therefore , I would like to highly state that Grey 's Anatomy is my favorite soap opera .
It was a part of the borough castellan .
There are many interesting films with valuable plots and famous actors .
However , if there is not lack of the resource for the field of study , Educational institutes should support students for their study area .
However , it can have a bad effect on their lives .
I believe that I am suitable for this job because the sport , the children and the country are parts of my hobbies .
She always asks to Michael to never disrespect when people are at the door and always be polite .
I am very happy because you are finally getting engaged .
Meeting new people and setting up new social relationships are also the temting point attracting me .
In my opinion , the public transport can have future if all we collaborate us to improve .
So htc became more energetic and bold in making innovation .
How are you?I hope everything is alright .
Shopping became the way of life for some people , who find it as a hobby as well as pleasant activity .
The People in this city are aware that there are care of nature .
but i dident had too do anything , a team took when i was 11 years old .
Her slanted eyes and her shiny lips are gorgeous .
During my staying there I was responsible for taking care of musicians and contacting media .
chrissy made a funny face but the Guards did n't say anything .
I went late to the gas station today because I left my keys in the bathroom and I locked myself in the bathroom .
Have you ever thought about how the home of the Future would look like ?
for that reason using own car is more comfortable than public transport , you can travel when ever you like and where ever you want .
There was no one else to blame but him .
I would love to show you around my city .
Surprisingly when you are practicing this sport you improve your velocity and coordination too , so it could be an interesting point to taking up if you are not involved in it .
In my opinion we should take conciencious and stop it , if we don , t stop it , after it will be later .
When I saw the advertisement about the job in this moment I think that is very easy , I called the number , they give me the information and I accept .
No one had ever responded to his demands .
I grabbed her hips and dragged her towards me with a force .
When I was a child I wanted to be doctor .
This is danbi from ueecx13
I really appreciate your card that you sent me .
It 'll be a pleasure reporting that the tests were passed with flying colors , for that I ask for your help .
Maybe you would n't mind helping me to find a job .
The urban authorities can not change the situation cardinally .
There is no doubt that the man 's lives are evolved .
In the final stage , the well - performed sheets are packed and distributed to each branches , while the broken ones are safety disposed .
firstly , that private transport provide a comfortable mean to travelling from one place to another without sharing stranger people a way and by using this kind of transport also comfortable in free with choosing time of a trip .
The first chart is the resons for study according to age of student .
If you require any further information , I am available for an on line interview .
Secondly , public transports are more eficent to travel for long distance than cars and people would nt have to purchase combustible .
I always try to follow rules but I sometimes break them because I 'm lazy !
Besides , working in popular restaurants enabled me to gain the ability to work as part of a team and under pressure , plus learning about a wide variety of international food and dishes .
There are many kinds of cafes , the ones for those who like sports , art , literature or music .
Therefore , the working group will do its assumptions and may cause a waste of time .
Please write to me and tell me if you are interested .
For this achievement , I admire him quite a lot .
I got one own camera , it 's a Canon .
Did you remember that I went to the Muse concert in Dublin last month ?
After all , my objection is that interactive learning is not the only way for children to be educated .
Long time ago , in a small village in Spain happened a story I 'm going to tell you .
We will have to find an alternative drinking source ...
The problem to use our car instead of public transport is the pollution .
Public transport will have bright future ; on the contrary , travelling by car will vanish from our life .
My mother told me that I can gain great experiences .
In my opinion it could be useful hardly ever times , so it would be necessary a great amount of improvements .
In the afternoon I went to my dance classes .
I have been told that I am quite good with children .
Lots of modern messenger like WhatsApp , Skipy , Vier make it possible for us to talk , chart as much , as we want .
How to ensure an adequately financed retirement ?
All they could hear was them kissing . '
One of the best place I ever visited is Leksand in Dalarna .
Third , The public transportation sucks , when you think about it , you can picture the crowded subways , dirty buses , and the difficulty / hussults between the public transportation transfer in your mind .
That is like you are going down down stairs to dark room and feeling curiosity and fear at the same time .
It is certainly true that markets can not abandon the formal qualification in future .
My next goal is to participate in full - marathon .
To conclure , in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich there are no doubts that the public transport system would be less convenient than travelling by car .
Good question about item , how can answer , if you would win £ 100 .
Playing tennis means more to me than anything else .
Travelling across the Atlatic Ocean for example requires an airplane or a ship .
One of my best friends called me two weeks ago .
Moreover , it allows you to study with your own rhythm without thinking about the rest .
Schools provide you with healthy food despite the fact we 'll just eat anything we want at home .
My friend and I always had ice creame and fun after training .
So it is necessary to eat vegetabl and fruist and also to do ejercises .
When you 're driving your own car you are getting a lot of comfort .
The main participants are the woman and the man .
I enjoyed it when I watch it on TV or when I attend it in the stade & supporte my team by my flag & supported phrases .
People were forced to flee by boat because of the flood .
However you can read a book while you can eat and drink some things in the sofa of street .
What 's more , the plot is easy in order to understand .
Factories could have long working hours in order to produce more .
I often play it about 2 hours in the afternoon .
And also we have to understand that use public transport is cheaper than use a car .
In Stockholm you can do whatever you want , there is places to enjoy for everyone .
It is not the best thing for our eyesight and our helth .
Not concerning the harsh environment but her own appetite , she commanded Lucky Wang make a delicious meal with fresh fish .
Although the plots full of turns , they still very reasonable , and not make their audience felt that the plots are very strange .
Even if we are a country , we take care of the environment through the use of photovoltaic systems on roofs of many houses , such as the nursery school and other houses that have this systems to produce energy .
You asked me for advice and I think I can help you .
So , we have to take care of it .
Without shadow of doubt I am absolutely sure this could be the best option for our class .
Some people guess the nuclear power has a great value to produce power instead of the fossil fuels such as : coals and oil which are Not renewable energy .
I 'm going to make you a very nice ittinerary and hopefully we 'll also find something for you to work .
He went to the guide and told him about what he saw .
Plus , in case I cancelled the reservation 48 hrs before arrival it would charged the 5% of the full stay .
Mr Smith was found on the floor with next to him a glass , which was completely broken .
I want to give an example how would look like the Home of the Future .
" Blue is the male principle , stern and spiritual .
My teachers have said to me that if you want can write a letter about my experience .
What influences does this salaries have on the Clubs is quite simple .
But of course there will be some channel that is not suitable for child under 18 or just for adult .
Tom and I have been training for a long time .
This will cause three problems to we humans and animals .
Where we could visit all the parks of Disney , like Animal Kingdom , Hollywood studios and Magic kingdom .
There are two choices to travel : by own car and by pubic transport .
But , most of all , do you enjoy them ?
Most of the consumers said , they would buy brand products .
To sum up , taking care about the environment should be an obligated task for us .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise as there was nobody standing .
Usually , I play football with my friends in stadium .
I consider myself to be ideally suited for this job for several reasons .
So that parents education and changing portion size could be useful to address the problems which happens around teenagers .
Cars are mostly used by people travelling for long distances in shorter time .
It was great to hear from you again .
I think this is a very good experience to you because you can learn about another culture and people 's way of thinking .
It can therefore be predicted easily that there will be no role of public transport in the future .
I used to think I never liked soap opera , because it was boring , out of date and unworthy to watch , but this was just prejudice .
And that voice told me that I am a winner of a third place !
After spending two weeks with a fairy in France , we had to go back to school and fairy to do .
But before the lesson , he has to lunch with his family and leading the dog from the veterinary for his annual vaccine .
Key discoveries have changed the course of history .
It was a very different experience to learning in Korea .
There are a service representative whose occupied the rubbish shared planning of day .
In order to command the psychology of user , it was necessary for me to know the new tendency of UI
I leaned against the wall and thought about my adventure .
There is always someone who you can count on in your family , friends or associations , but you must ask for help .
Therefore , to maintain my body healthy and my interest , I keep on joining the School Aquathon since I was secondary one . I participated the same events each year .
Good evening ! I 'm Katerina .
I had n't met her since the beginning of last February , and that was five months before then .
They deserve to be in the top one hundred .
She quickly packed her hand bag and ran out for a bus to university .
This restaurant is buffet , we paid 15€/person and we can eat and drink all that you want .
You can come here when you have time because my house is your house .
I started to think that was born for that sport .
Personally houses in the future will not be cosy , but very sterile . I do not like it .
Hunting is the funniest thing I know . I like to hunt because it is so peaceful to come out in the forest .
In the summer holidays my family and I just to be at the vest seaside on a small island called Kålhuvudet .
He tried to get some information from the guy , but unfortunately a sniper shots him dead .
I hold the belief that the topic for me is completely wrong , even some improvements are easy to use and solves the most of problems .
, even though , when the public transport gets so crowded , is less harmful indeed , in terms of the impact received by the environment , because it means more individuals in the same place , meanwhile each new car means increasingly pollute .
The members of my family are my best friends .
The members of my family are my best friends .
One must recognize the field and the strengths , as well as the weaknesses , of his opponent to make a point .
We came from Loja to live in Machachi .
On the one hand , I agree with the statement because everyone has the right to maintain a private life .
Every year we waste money buying new books for our students .
In fact you ca n't use it if you have to carry a lot of things or when you have hurry .
You can find a list of these , with my achievements in my CV .
Furthermore mobile phones allow last - minute - changes very easily .
With the advent of individually owned vehicles like the car , an individual 's dependence on public transport has certainly reduced .
For me , skating is not just a sport .
I could see the show from my place but the most exciting thing happened at the end of the show .
It 's all so easy with it and useful , for example you can order a pizza to take to your home
Before the death of his dearest Mona .
There are several efforts that we can contribute in order to save the environment .
when I 'm walking , that can refresh me all the time and makes me feeling good .
So he must have killed him with the poison .
as I see it , it is my job to clarify and help my pupils to understand .
Ecological situation is seriously bad not only in my city but in my country in general .
I would not sleep until the game was over .
Over decades music is the eternally art which develop day by day .
Suddenly , I thought of my gift was gone in the class , the students said he / she did n't take , but I doubt them , so we quarrel .
the best brother for me is the second one who is a dentist .
The aim of this report is to examine the available local transport usage and possible improvement .
At least they can meet other folks and relax , have a sunbathe and listen to the music .
It is difficult to go to a place unknown with different people but is a good experience to learn .
Televion of the future will be amiazing , because it will have a 3D projector , what makes that movies will look extremely realistic .
I came from a large family and I have two younger sisters with age of 10 and 12 .
Some of them were made in modern style and some of them in classic .
He ran up the stairs as fast as he could .
If they would had to pay then they would do .
I am writing to you to apply to the position of Summer camp as advertised in the newspaper .
One day when Michael was out for work , his mother insulted and hit his wife .
My first paragraph aptly expresses my exact realization .
I live in a little part of stockholm called Danderyd .
The city has its own public transportation system , waste management system .
that every day is a different day if we compare with the one has passed .
So you need to be careful that kind of people .
But is this a good thing or a bad thing ?
I found football interesting because it teach us a lot of morals such as cooperation and onest .
Purchased green bins and it have done a graffiti that says : Keep the city clean is all .
Three words who describe me best : committed , animal lover , loyal friend
Let 's begin by considering the arguments in favour .
first of all , nowadays wherever we go we can find Italian restaurant easily .
The most important step is inspection that the printed sheets should manually inspected .
Therefore , the student joining a sport team can maintain good body shape and it will let student become easier to make new friends .
I am like the people who serves there and the decoration is pretty .
The other things I do were sleeping , ate , and watch TV .
Is a difficult language , so , the best option is to go abroad .
What kind of instrument are you going to play ?
Looking forward to be a part of the team .
I hope you consider the kids in this plan !
Quite often , I felt difficult to balance both my study and hobby at the same time .
However , overtime i begun to understand how to play and i liked it much more than the past .
The seats are more comfortable in a car than in a bus or underground .
For this reason , we left with a new friend to Marseilles , where there was less traffic .
I have blue eyes and I am of average height .
That day was a start of my scientific career .
Do you imagine travelling to the United States ?
The members of my Family are certain my real best friends , whose i can trust and ask everything without shameless or regrets .
This film is about a kidnapping of two little girls .
There is a lot of old photos compared with new ones .
We 've planed a nice event to celebrate my 50 .
I live in Bhubaneswar with my family .
Traveling in public transport can be cumbersome and quite eventful .
I expected if both of us get the chance then it will be very good .
He walked up to her room , where she was comfortly sleeping in her bed .
I decided to wait , and hide on the bushes if I see someone entering .
So the child grows up from a teenager to a middle - aged adult and can always looks up to the parents .
In the second place not all public transports are in their best shape .
The living room shares area with dining room .
I was actually about to email you about the activities that are to be planned .
These skills are necessary for us , and they help us to improve a little our ecological situation .
Say hello to Anne on my behalf and tell her I ca n't wait to have you both here in Rome !
When I living alone , I have to save money because there are many situations which I have to slove without family , and you can become a good person with many good characters such as confident , independent , friendly .
Comfort , time and internal peace are required to make learning efficient .
Look up on the Internet how to execute the exercises properly .
There is not exactly a good day for running , for even the rainy days are excellent for a good run .
The last few years a lot of building has been done in the area .
Puerto Marina is more visited than the city center , even when in the city center there is more diversity than in Puerto Marina .
I really appreciate your encouraging us for every time in class .
Our bed will tell us when to go sleep .
The buildings , dresses , and habits of population are displayed in full detail .
It is bring the hope to their live and makes them taste the life in way that they had dreamed about it .
I took this time to command people who are sacrificing their entire life of the betterment of sportsmanship .
Also it uses balance , contrast , emphasis and proportion .
Apart from that , it has been a good practice for speaking .
More accurate surgeries , emotional bond and increase of communication are examples of positive consequences .
All of them are based on the typical Mediterranean cuisine .
This article is about how I think about the efficiency of public transport .
But if the Prices will be to high , no onw would visit the games anymore .
We bring food and drinks and we spend a day in beautiful places such as the top of a montain , an amazing castle or a tipical market of a town .
I am inclined to believe that pets can be treated as a family members because they are loyal , have souls as well as they are human friends .
She felt blessed as she was given such a perfect son .
For instance , the angels camouflage themselves as monument of tomb in grave yards , carvings of the cathedral on the streets , and ornamental carvings in front of an antique police office .
When you start playing you should practice minium twice a week , better three times a week .
I used to dream of playing for barcelona and because barcelona has good players I like I , for example Lionel Messi .
Everyday work stressed me and by the end of my shift I get so tired .
SHOPPING RECOMMENDATIONS
After my graduation , I was employed by AECOM Asia Ltd Co. as a graduate engineer since September 2013 .
In fact she will also participate in the exam .
At 17:00 they let us in the venue and they made all the checkings .
In addition , shopping is also a problem for men .
As for me , my daily schedule do n't have much options , just only study , sleep and others .
New technologies are changing the way of thinking private cars in a new much more save and ecological way .
Public transport is being become a must - have mean with many people who have low - income .
Sometimes women go to the store , just to watch the new stuff , to look around and questions asked by sellers make us angry .
One of the person who I admire is Martin Luther King .
Do you have a great passion for films ?
He carefully chose the clothes he was going to wear .
To conclude , you can not change your parents anyway .
I mean the underground in the first place .
Since I was young I like swimming and when I grew up I told my mum that I want to make competitions .
So if we still doing nothing new , out country will still unattractive .
But there is a chance that you can meet generous people .
As for as public Transport you can save fuel as well as pollution but it take more time to reach the destination .
Michael was a teenager therefore was not mature as a an adult thus his decision were all emotional .
Mariusz Kaczorowski
Tom said he was really happy and proud of us .
That is why a private life is so important , especially for stars assessed all the time by society .
The more we get deep into the conversation , the more I want to learn this type of skating .
Media or also known as mass media is one of the most powerful means of spreading information .
The greatest one is the burden of financing care .
There are many accidentally problems encountered by international students studying in Australia .
I have become an independent learner and started to raise a question , share my opinion to the tutor .
I dislike is that I will be away from my family .
First days I was a little bit nervous but day by day I started forgetting about any competition .
Using the car can be more flexible for some individuals .
I recommend this sport to all people , because it could be , as me , one moment to distract from the world , one moment to spend without thinking about tmorrow .
For those reasons , I am convinced that Germany is the best country to complete my study abroad .
Third , sometimes a person who has humor can help others to overcome some difficult issues .
They were invented to help us calculate things in the first place anyway .
They said in a delightful and evil tone .
Kalina Yevtushenkova .
I believe I would be an ideal candidate for this position .
My favourite sport is cricket . I love cricket very much since from my school time .
Traffic jams cause many problems in big cities .
We do not need to go down that road again .
On the other hand , the ask is if this solution could be enough or no .
It 's true that we do n't pay attention to our grandma 's .
In the Czech republic there are many places you should visit .
Michael was one of the greatest drivers of all time .
Try one of the cloudy ciders on the tap and you will not be disappointed !
And it is all on account of the budgets we have .
My hobbies include drawing , baking cakes , and reading .
I luxuriate the manufacture of the spellbinding models and the gift we get to pick in the dinosaur shop .
Philosophy of his hero is so much diffrent we used to think everyday that I have taken a look on my life from another point of view .
But to me , I choose playing sport in my free time .
My family have a company , and if you want , you going to work with them .
I look forward to seeing you during your trip .
This powerful vehicle is counted vital for another reason : being an indispensable factor in many aspects .
If you are a little bit tired of all this trip you can go to Sicily where a beautiful and special landscape can welcome you .
I am also hopeful to meet the group of old friends once again to revive the wonderful and unforgettable common memories of student life .
the gifts usually are a book and a ticket for the theme park in Madrid , and the children who have participated win a book .
It 's fast , easy , comfortable and safe way .
Art / Music is less important than science / technology .
The main reason is that the craved stone balls are different types of stones .
Clearly , multiple factors have had major influence or the nature of the student population , attending universities and now this shift affects , and is affected by university policy and practiced are important issue .
What is the recommended source for extracting the prepaid roaming revenues ?
People can easily obtain the lasted knowledge by owning a computer that can access to the network and have the ability to reading .
Perhaps someone had been killed , or kidnapped in the street
We will rent water dispensers with a maintenance services to required customers in future to attract more customers .
Would we , not - famous , people want that kind of interest ?
What do you think about buying it for her ?
It would be appreciated if you could provide assessment procedures , timeframes and charges as well .
Therefore , I think public transport will be disappeared in the future .
I know I would benefit a lot from the experience .
Still we use plastic bags and bottles , phosphate detergents , throw batteries away .
I work too like free lance worker with the same subjects because it is necessary to increase my incons .
Are you serious about the new activity center ?
How the famous people feel and what they miss ?
In Champéry you can ski over to France , that is awesome .
I play badminton with my family last night .
I have so much nothing in my head to write about
It is very important to think about possibilities that should create your fortune .
Usually after major operations , having a stroke or bone fracture .
Most of the people watched news , movies , or tv shows on television .
There have been rumors of the contruction of a Metro in our town .
I think that for people who want learning English Write and Improve it is great !
After the married , He and his family face a difficult situation .
The room was full of things that day .
Unfortunately , a lot of people are interested in others .
The company likes to produce new products and use high salary to hire great talents .
Save some nature to the earth , and leave clear air for our kids .
Also , people can have a good relationship with their humor .
The World Cup , Olympics and other international games work for easing tensions among different nations .
As to my students , I feel really so fulfilled .
I 'm , usually , not good at talking or any social things .
Currently I am working as a python programmer .
I am writing this letter in order to apply for the job in the " usa summer camps " .
I had to check their work and correct their mistakes .
The quality of the products and services are quite good , because there are a huge competition , however I suggest you taking care about some fakes or cheats .
I worked at the local cinema where Fred was also working .
However , it will remain in the future as still many people use it or even depend on it .
Access to sevreal public transport services ( such as underground , buses , tram , etc . )
It was , after all , an amazing experience .
How could this have happened to him ?
If you like active city with enormous activity , I guess it is excellent place .
Therefore , if I studied abroad fifty years ago , I could n't call my family directly and it is also not an easy job .
I 'm 29 , I have a 9 year old daughter .
At least you 'll always have your parents .
Moreover , I live alone in my home , therefore I can cook and be an excellent cooker too .
Years ago I was very worried how will happening in the future .
" Tom . Tom . Tom . Tom " it said .
And finally , teenagers may become more dependent and introverted because of electronic devices such as mobile phones or personal computers .
He sat on a sofa in front of a television and suddenly he realised the fact that every morning was exactly the same , nothing has changed since such many years ! "
Susan looked at him , then at the woman .
The purpose of this report is that people would become more aware of the significance of taking care of the environment in order to erradicate this issue which is having serious consequence nowadays .
Starting in April or May could be right for my schedule .
You 've been suspiciously quiet about that recently .
It seems more convenient to them to move on their own rather than tied to a public transport .
As you see there are a lot of opportunities for the tourists to spend their own money in my city .
From this day on , the girls drift apart .
The weather may be a disadvantage , as well .
Another example can be represented by the first aid activities and so on .
The floor is so dirty " and she went .
Hello , Jane , can I talk to you for a minute ?
But then I proved to myself that everything is possible .
Michael had cheated on her and he did it consciously .
I often play soccer with my father and my brother .
Individuals can also play their part in controlling global warming .
They asked him about this project and what was his idea .
Sometimes , I am exhausted due to a hard workout .
Then , sheets of bank notes would be printed by 50 bank notes per sheet , which have colour imagines on both sides in special ink .
You 've chosen the best country for attending university .
It has been starting build from Qin dynasty , Its use was to resist Huns , but now it is a great place to visit .
As many young people , Michael lives with email , Whatsapp , Facebook and something like that .
In Sweden we have a lot of different people from different kultures .
However , learning ideas and concepts need more investigation and understanding many of the academic textbooks . .
Not a good experience for ill - hearted !
They are designed to doing all things related to housework .
You will learn better and faster than studying at home .
Volleyball is a discipline which I practise for 6 years .
The children were playing outside , old and new couples were enjoying their love and everything seemed to be absolutely bright .
He has lived behind the shadow of his brother , the leader guitar and one of the most important guitarist .
Do team sports also help to meet other people and make new friends .
People depend on water for cooking , drinking , and other domestic purposes .
Another example is the cars which are taking the same way as well as the mobile phone has done .
As the time passed , I became more skilled at football .
It is for the person who decides to have coitus to make sure to use appropriate anti conception .
Suddenly his water floaded and tears drop from his eyes .
One day before going , Michael suddenly having a problem .
i think if the goverment do the best work about the transport , they can save it .
The way they go to work is worth knowing .
So , I intended to get a job in another state like Dubai , I heard jobs there is very good and also the compensation . I have submit my CV in various jobs .
At sum up , in my opinion travelling by car is better .
it introduces many kinds of delicious foods like meat , cheeken , sea foods and if you want anything different you will find it there .it is suitable for my class because it is difference from any other restaurant
Anyhow . I finally connected with some people .
However , I think the reasons I have provided in favor of my view point are stronger .
This is not their fault , of course .
They look unnatural , in spite of their similar appearances with human .
Emily knew she would have to come to a decision soon .
I practise several sports , but my favourite is football .
So I gave up to try it again today .
It could be the place where you work or your house .
He fought for the liberation of slavery in West Africa .
By the way I live near to the cafe , so I have a short duty stroke and come every time punctual .
I have always tried to convince them that I am not that bad some people said .
However , there is some people who prefer the use of public transport in spite of using the car .
Curiously , Lula is the only Brazilian president without a university degree .
For example , cars are the main kind of transport because of this most of the families have more than one in their houses .
-sleep 8 - 10 hours / night
It gives us much pleasure and many moments of joy .
Another way , you could follow agency to get a guide , but it is not free , you have to manage cost for the service .
Please note that we are keeping a good relation with our customers and always giving our good service as well .
This job would be boring if every day wolud be nice .
In the towns of the future , the care of the environment is one of the most important thing .
It 's great to hear from you !
Another reason is that you can hear the music that you like in your car .
there is no way to travel from Egypt to the USA using a car .
I would like to apply for a job at summer camp .
We were very surprised and scared at the same time .
However , the soundtrack was awful , it did n't get having a scared .
So that we can be active citizens and help the EU continuing developing
" That is impossible ! What would our friends say ?
My brother go and he promised to return later with my sister .
It takes hours driving to and from , hours where one just have to concentrate on driving , hours gone futile .
However , are parents the best teachers in our life ?
One year later a commemoration of his passing was celebrated .
The garbage picks up paper once a week , plastic two times at month and undiferretiated three times a week to all people who live in my country .
Second advantage is Internet by website , such as twiter , facebook ... You allow speak with your quick friend , or you can meet ith them by website , therefore you do not call by telephone , so internet is too much cheap .
In Hong Kong , it is very hot in summer .
On the other hand , we can set up stands in shopping malls .
It was perfect , she jumped sixty centimeters .
It means nobody should interfere with famous people 's lives .
You know that I had learnt biotechnology at school in Bulgaria .
Using public transport has certain advantages and also , disadvantages .
You can stop wherever you want and there are a lot of other points to travell with the car .
First , you should visit the New Cemetery .
I 'm going to tell you about me .
Julia Timmerman , The Netherlands
The seats next to me were still empty .
As I remember there were educational channel like Discovery and National Geography .
She always wanted to be in the spotlights , in which she had always succeeded , since everyone adored her .
First of all , my car has high speed .
And I am confident that I would be a beneficial member of your summer camp team .
Three robots in specific hour make a show with instruments like a band .
It will be our third time at this campsite .
Nevertheless , the lecturer contends that the theory is indefensible .
Maybe , many people who have studied did it to get a job opportunity in their own country , but life is life .
About the reasons to take the test , there is little to say .
This is because all the people dream for a better future .
It is performed one after the other according to their age groups .
You need just the necessary to get an happy long life .
Someone designed all things around : a chair , shoes , clothes .
We jumped into the water and caught crayfish .
After I studied to be English teacher in the university of Extremadura .
Because of that , there are no regular employees , at the beginning of every summer new season stuff is hired .
it is upstearm that irrigates our economic life . and no doubt that Negligence has the ability to destroy many good sides in our life .and our government is doing her best to put end to negligence .
Nonetheless , the value of time is as important as money .
Later stefan becomes King and decide batter down the magic forest , where lives Maleficent .
Everything after a successful result will be a plus .
These are , for example , carbon dioxide and methane .
One of the most difficult sport on the Earth will learn you what it means hard work , sacrifice , pain , strain but also satisfaction , determination , pride and struggle .
Firstly , how much money would you like to spend ?
Micheal felt something shaking him .
On the one hand , we may take a communication forum , it can share everyone 's cerebration .
However , I think that it is not an easy thing to be achieved because of the limitation about information of scholarship .
About 500 meter to AL - Salam Mall .
Besides , eating with our families are one of the most happiness things in our life .
I think I am the appropriate personn for this job because I have a lot of motivation and a good English level .
2 ) Tom offered to go to the cinema .
Lucas wanted to apologise and forget what happened but Louis was really hungry , so Lucasdecided to go home .
We do n't want these natural disorders to continue .
I will be waiting for your answer and thank you for the time .
In that building you can find also a small cinema .
Although , it plays a freat role in removing the borders on nations , in a matter of seconds we can now communicate with people around the world , whether for important business matters or just talking to a friend .
In my thougths , i have the opinion the public transport is better to the enviroment because going in the public transport reduce the CO2 emissions and take out traffic from the streets .
Despite , if you dislike driving , you can use public transport : long distance trains , buses , etc .
Discussing music styles , people in my country prefer pop and rock .
It 's cheap , is n't it ?
This family says that they had to change their diet too , because of some of their usual food .
This was the whole working process of the bank notes and it was consist of 7 steps .
There would be much more exhaust if every person is driving a car .
She was a beautiful , blond , tall , Polish girl called Magda who worked as an architect in a studio in the center of London .
Usually , there is no music in the restaurant .
I 'm so excited to spend these weeks with you and I 'm really pleased to meet Eileen .
I am happy that you have chosen to spend the following year in my country .
The difficult is that you rarely know if your best friend is a true friend .
However , I know to cook every kind of food .
In camden every block counts with three or four containers to recycle paper , plastic , glass and old clothes .
However , I still did n't have a girlfriend .
I am also a Therapeutic Thai massage professional .
It is in the south of Spain , there the weather is warm .
1- Inflation in population , the roads will not bear or endure huge numbers of cars .
Finally , after much time travels , Alice had this feeling .
It 's the basic things and a habit that we can start easily from our own .
After tonight remove me the place and never went back to Freddy 's Pizza
Government policy changes help a lot for water preservation .
Peter got up and told the cops what really happened , Louis tried to excuse himself but it was too late .
That 's how bank notes are produced from paper to the one we can purchase goods in our daily life .
And the are a lot of equipment for the navy cadets .
The most important thing is to have positive thoughts .
There are several shopping centres in different areas of the city .
The park consists of a complex of renovated buildings .
People prefer buying and eating fast food to making a healthy meal .
Also , children must clean their school once a month .
On the other hand the opening hours are not enough and they should be extended .
Help and put into practice these tips will help us have a healthier life .
Although the heat in the kitchen could burn us , the smile on the customers gives the best courage .
In conclusion I have to think about one thing , which is more important in my life that the other one .
I will permit to everybody to explain his point of view .
Anna got the best mark in the group from the previous test .
Going travelling , people may scheduled various destination and time .
What are the values of young people nowadays ?
This would appear to be a better solution .
Secondly , I can catch the the narrator'semotions .
Despite the urgency of taking the train on time .
It is conveninet to travel by private cars .The price of private cars which every one can afford it , so that everyone has the private car nowadays .Some people point out private cars are going to replace the public transport .
For instance , in New York , the subway system contains 232 miles of routes .
You know what is the most important thing about riding horses ?
I would like to work in your summer camp .
Society thinks that they haven't got weakness and lack of ability .
Obviously he knew their dog Spooky had been in Paul 's bedroom taken his playstation .
Then there it was again , the sound .
And of course you should be a team player .
Car accidents are the typical reason for this phenomenon .
It took him twenty minutes to do his hair .
Also , if you want to work more specific place such as electric company , public office and so on , you can apply to internship programme .
Our life is keep changing everyday and we notice that huge range of the changing in each decades .
But , by obseving all these people you can rich yourself with different cultures and manners the other have and incorporate new topics .
Much dirty air is released every day .
Meanwhile , different countries have different rules .
I personally love to do shopping and spend my money for new clothes .
This connection allows them to see through each other eyes , and even control each other movements .
I am writing to suggest a few ways what our college can do for the environment .
Also , not all the school play in one time no every section have time to play in .
people to watch animals in their natural environment , and most importantly , will allow
people to watch animals in their natural environment , and most importantly , will allow
We build road to us and make the life easy and better .
The doorbell rang insistetly , It was Saturday , in the earlier morning and I still was in bed .
Also I 'd recommend delicious homemade ice cream .
In fact , they hardly ever can defined themselves such as pop fans , rockers , ...
In this view , I consider , though , there is lots of sports on Televison , they are not too much , because the people have looke for it .
HISTORY OF WATER TREATMENT
From my point of view public transport will not disappear even if cars are much more comfortable , faster and more evolved than now .
In general , television is the most popular media in Hong Kong .
I liked a lot my project and I wanted to follow in it but my project manager was worried .
Now youngsters have open access to knowledge and information through the Internet .
Coat of arms of the city of Rybinsk is a scarlet heraldic shield , over which - green with golden beach pier for which the output is black rebelling bear holding in the left leg on the left shoulder golden ax , undertwo silver starlet
They will have three eyes , antennas over their heads , and guns firing green extraction .
On the one hand , public transport affords you to waste money , because the price of the ticket is not very expensive .
He wanted to know his partner 's opinion too .
The sport is one of the best forms to be healthy and make some exercise .
Looking forward to receiving your new letter , and on tenterhooks for the information you 'll provide .
I catch buses regularly and see a lot of people there .
I would like to propose some solutions , as well .
In particular , I have been dealing for 10 years with children with disabilities .
In the supermarket you can find a container for batteries .
Firstly , they were given 5 books of different subjects .
Nowadays it is easier to use the car instead of public transport .
So travelling by bus is not convenient , not only for time but also for the problems that you can find .
I should n't call myself a sports fan .
In Zermatt you can see the mountain Matterhorn ( the mountain that you see on toblerone package ) .
when i jump to throw the ball in the basket , i feel that i am flying .
Serbia is my country where I live for 24 years .
Travelling by public transport is expensive and uncomfortable .
I love so much , my dear friend .
In addition to have hard physical training and get different special skills , people also can improve personal quality in military service .
A bigger wedding is required to meet this change .
Before the university entrance examinations , many students come here and wish for their luck .
In sum , both movies portrayed love as a chemistry reaction that stems out when two people willing to help each other out of life challenges .
It is the main part that helps employees to be successful in careers .
The only thing they have in common are eyes , taken from their mother .
For example , individuals can reduce use of the plastic materials , use public transport to control emission , recycle waste material etc .
At the same time , skilled machinists are prepared with the use of metal plates in order to set up a fixed mould .
The Vikings where like pirates that lived in the countries I was talking about one thousand years ago .
Captain at sports is what I did in high school .
I would appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience .
Travelling by train is quite fast , and pleasant , I can safely travel to more places worldwide than people taking a boat or plane transport .
The next question was:'Does it make society materialistic and competitive ?
I looked up as she opened the envelope .
However , what students learned might be biased to certain aspects .
I 'd like to describe some of them .
I hope this letter finds you in good health .
Would you like to live on the Moon ?
But it 's not possible that every one have and use their own car .
With the development of the technologies , people will use other means of transport .
It makes you see the road and your environment differently .
My name is John , I 'm twentynine years old and I live in Romania .
Even if the room counts with a considerable number of computers , the absence of Internet does not give students the opportunity to use the many websites useful to improve their language skills .
Then she put her cover of an old woman and took her way home .
He told me that it was an exciting experience .
Last but not least , the price is good , especially compared with the quality of food and service .
Nowadays I am living in Aberdeen ( Scotland ) but I am from Spain .
One of the most disappointing topics is that you played down the situation we are living and the necessities people has .
I ca n't wait for you to answer .
He was torturing Cecilia with reproaches .
Singapore could be the place that you would find everything you are looking for .
Fortunately , Turkey postponed the law coming into force .
After all , family and friends are important .
Firstly , Public bus service is very popular in most part of the world .
Even though we have finished the term exams , they have just given us a week free .
Advertising is most commonly aimed at the manipulation consumer 's behavior in a commercial aspect .
It was half past seven and her class begun fifteen minutes ago .
It is easier to change routes when circumstances change unexpectedly .
I think this sport is the most completely compared to the other sports .
The clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is done while clients are waiting they always give bread and wine
I was an exchange student and attended high school there .
Driving your own car gives you more freedom in travelling and increases your sense of independence .
But now they are earning more money than they earned before .
Using this transport I will go to New Zeland then Australia and other countries .
Recycling : The best way to deal with the rubbish
All of the world is constantly changing - develop a new technologies , people invented new think .
Nowadays higher education becomes more and more necessary for starting a good career .
There are 7 billion people in the world , and it is increasing rapidly .
It is not true that public transport has no future .
In addition , English is not too difficult to learn .
She has mooved to Kyiv , graduated from university and started to work .
It 's even the longest river I whenever saw .
Local transportation is one of the most problem in our area .
All in all , I believe that public transport will not disappear too soon .
I immediately sat down and began to feel relaxed .
I am now living an environment - friendly lifestyle since 5 years ago .
Today I am very exciting because on Sunday I will go to Bangkok .
He was signing autographs and chatting with fans .
Nowadays our world is fighting everyday against diferrent problems , one day there is the problem of violence , one day the atmosphere conditions or many others .
The number of people accessing public transport far outweighs the number of people the transport system was designed to handle .
My name is Jenny Wang and I would be the right person for the job .
I see myself as a perfect candidate for this positiona .
We can avoid repeating the same mistake again and again .
I used to cook , took them out and played a lot .
In extension of this , I will evaluate whether the effect of the pun in the original version is maintained in the dubbing version .
Anna knew that was going to be a very special day for her .
It was the first class , but as a teacher he could have had other behaviour .
Facebook is the most popular social networking site of all time .
So , it is better to use public transport .
Even though the mother of nature is complicated sometimes , she would give us a light of hope .
How my town takes care of the environment
People with dogs will be sentenced and will suffer heavy consequences .
Once , I took part in half - marathon .
By a wide definition , teachers are the people who teach you .
And they said it 's a really good for your health .
Beach , island , culture , and culinary are the common interest to explore here .
On the one hand society become increasingly fat and kinds of warnings could be useful to remind them to eat clean .
The moral is about the students do n't be naïve and take care of unscrupulous men that sell drugs .
Warm candle light and small tables with patterned table clothes create friendly atmosphere .
We need to focus on our inner skills and improve it .
The nice sleeping of it is when it watching anime .
Thomas was one of those guys that every gal had wished to be around with .
I would really appreciate it if you could take my application into account .
Then the technology improved gradually towards mechanical engines to make the transport more convinient .
Generally , although traveling by public transport is cheaper than by car .
Rubbish is everywhere , people finish their food and throw empty bags in the streets instead of holding it until they found a trash .
Will people 's life change again ?
It is a really beautiful place and has a lot of scenery , such as the great beach besides a row tree , the obviously regularly weather ... Therefore taking care of the environment there is a vitally important mission of my town 's state .
I am looking forward to taking part in this project , and enrich my personal curriculum through the participation in this project .
I am writing to you in order to candidate for a position of person , who organise a Film Club in your language school .
In Japan , there are many interesting places to visit .
It is no necessary to say I am able to work with a cafe schedeule , I have experience working shift days and weekends .
In conclusion I 'd like to offer my aid if anything would be necessary .
My step mother 's mom is also like my grandma .
First of all , the biggest problem is studying .
There is a place , in my country , which played a very important role during World Ward II .
Our live has changed a lot from the last century due to the technological improvements and society changes .
I bet you will love them at first sight .
She does n't want to leave me .
I would very pleased to hear from you soon .
But it exists a variety of techniques which helps to tackle with this kind of problems .
In our country there are few different climate zones with very rich nature , various cities with old and prominent history and culture .
When he read the content of article , he discovered many of them are similar .
The islands in my country are clean and beautiful .
In conclusion learning languages may be very handy but can also be a killing time activity .
Weight lifting is involves the basic and most natural human movements .
How can you celebrate new year in your country ?
Currently , people think about if they can get good english in my country or have to move to english speaking country .
As to people who make their livings by selling the products they obtained from farmlands , forests and wetlands , they will lose their sources of incomes .
He had to study more than ever in his life .
I had to carry some musical instruments and install a software .
They do n't know which university and field of studying choose .
I had n't got enough money so I told him .
It is very important as per this was a city and a very important ceremonial center .
So in the street always have a lot of trash cans .
In today 's world , nearly every person take care of what she or he is wearing .
This problem would be the low level of the national education .
I think it is more fun sleep together in your apartment . We could tell terror stories to each other at night , before sleep .
Finally , not every assistant is able to advise you appropriate .
way to move from place to another .
On the scene of TV , media closes their defects or removes .
Am I the same person who wrote this ?
However all people in his neighborhoor feared him because of his past .
She came to my house with a present last week and when I opened it ... I could n't believed it " It was a little and beautiful monkey !
Third advantage of visiting a museum is that you can have fun visiting a museum .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
However , he is mainly responsible for disturbing this ecosystem with various activities .
Football is a sport where anything can happen , no always win the best teams and is unpredictable , there is n't a dream team .
She can make very exciting show and surprise her fans .
I do n't need your friendship you bastard !
If something is n't catchy will not catch the poeple attention .
Everybody likes to have the freedom to explore the internet .
" Hey little boy , what are you doing ?
One of the most evident effects of global warming is the depletion of the ice at North & South poles , in turn causing sea level rise and encroachment of land .
It is a sport that purifies and regenerates you .
The obsolete trams and trolleys had been replaced .
She made a complaint ; they were so annoying .
Change frequently creates a great deal of suspicion and mistrust in us .
On the other hand Joey and Chandler live together .
Riding a horse is and old faschion way but still interesting .
The nature in Sweden can be very cold , especially in the northern parts of Sweden .
They will be more comfortable and useful for our community .
The fee of buying car and fuel oil is expensive for poor people .
Everyone is equal so everyone deserves the same .
I used to work in a restaurant in Salou and it was quite satisfactory .
I think that the differences between home now and home in the future will be small .
Government jobs carry with them serious responsibilities .
Learning another language is a wonderful way of learning about another country .
I continued crawling on all four while wondering , for how much longer , Simon till we meet again .
Effective teachers have a clear and consistent communication and management skills .
first of all , in 1995 shipsmouth was green residential city with two forests .
He went in and found an old man standing there .
- I 'm afraid I ca n't .
Food and other things are thrown into the green container .
I also forgot to set the time for the activity .
Students always love the activities I design for them .
Charles Dickens and Emily Bronte are both Victorian writers .
I expect them to be much more suitable for bikes compared to local roads .
Her parents and her sister still looking for her .
I consider myself to be a responsible and enthusiastic person .
Every morning they take breakfast together , speaking about things not too important .
Some people fear if they do not wear the latest fashion , they wo n't be valuable person .
If you 're not for it you can just get a taxi at Barajas airport to the same direction .
In Madrid there are some jobs too and you will be near me .
Teaching could be a stimulating working environment for students and teachers if it involved a rewarding career and the improvement of teaching skills .
Many people come to the park for a picnic .
-"What do you want Stacey ?"-
There are different physical exercises that can be harmful to health .
I had the chance to be introduced to a different world and I started looking at the daily life with differnet eyes .
For instance , some countries allowed people join military service after their all courses was finished .
If you would like to go fast to somewhere , do n't use public transport because it is very slow .
During I go jogging I can think about all the daily thing in my life .
People came and destroyed the house looking for the big treasure .
Studying overseas is not only changing condition , but also facing many sorts of unknown pressure .
I am not sure if I could afford it .
When we came back in our dressing room , " Golem " waited for us .
I was a broken man ; barely alive !
However I have also previously worked with older people .
Jack and the great , furry waffle .
Scout ( Jean Louise ) Finch is a round character .
Consider both aspects that can be concluded that government should respect the human right and set up a new department which use for people who want to apply to complete the military service .
We can learn that a lot of successful people are very organized .
I like his humor , because he is able to make me smile .
The ways of learning a language and mathematics are different .
Therefore , everyone must make sport according to them ability .
The 2014 expenditure for collections is taking out the library budget in 2015 .
It can help readers to feel the culture and traits in Qing Dynasty .
Even kids started to learn driving at fifteen and most of the parents gift cars in their sixteenth birthday .
and then words just slipped of his tongue .
If you play footbal , you know how to act when in a team .
I 'm a student in the Academy of Finance .
It is a rich , graceful and delightful language to learn .
After an exhausting afternoon , Peter has a bit of luck , infact his father Jack has just came back from the work , so he could get to take the milk and giving him a passage .
because the public means of transport can carry a lot , and this help to move cargoes to every where with low coast .
Running in contact with nature allows me to relax after work and recharge my energies .
It will help people not throw the garbage in the street .
I 'm planning to improve my English and I have already registered for a course .
I am as good in organizing that I am able to meet a lot of people in a short time .
We found a group of algae which store energy cleanly .
She had n't called me at all .
First , happiness comes from inside our mind .
I really hope you accept me in your camp , and I wait with excitment your response .
You must get off at London Road bus stop .
All weekends I used going to Ensenada for visiting my family , my boyfriend and my fiends .
What I disagree about this video is because he is generalizing too much .
But enough about me ! Tell me about you !
My favourite way to travel is most definitely by plane .
She instantly knew that her homeland must be nearby .
I enjoyed working with a soundmaster so far .
My country witnessed a tremendous change in the last ten years .
It is hard to live overseas alone , Therefore , making friends from the same country can assist one another .
I look forward to hearing from you very soon .
I look forward to hearing from you very soon .
Two years ago when I was still in school .
Everyone should have clean hands and fingernails .
On the basis of more weighed and reasonable approach the new edition of Art .
In my opinion , each person , without reference is it celebrity or not , deserves his own private life .
Watching the baseball game also bores me .
In Korea , we call it ' Ka - Wee - Nool - Rim ' which means being pressed by ' Ka - wee ' ghost .
transport at Sudan is so expensive we suffer from the less and expensive transport here .
I hope that the amount of players will increase and increase every day more .
Apparently it is going to make more pollution more global warming issue .
After that i polyeder with my brothers out in the garden .
I am very interested in working in the financial markets .
Next step , I reduce using some of the cosmetic products that provide or made from the materials cause a greenhouse effect .
One night when he is walking aimlessly in a privacy alley he sees a shadow which gradually comes to him .
This transport is better to population and do n't have traffic in city .
I think that 's my favorite country too .
In order to be stronger in number , they befriended those people and helped each other .
The scenes of film , the costumes and the music are very beautiful and I suggest this film to all of my friends .
When it is holiday , my brother and I play soccer twice a week .
Moreover , it is a profitable task if they make up new medications to help people suffering from that illness .
Some of the books I like is named only way is up and steal the show and is written by Emmy Abrahamson , I think she is a very well author , another author I like is John Boyne who has written the terrible thing that happened to Barnaby brocket .
As you can see , open discussion in the class are really important since they broaden your horizon and help you to understand different nation 's policies .
It 's includes vegetables , meat , fish and olive oil .
Shakespeare provided everything the people asked for --- laughter , romance , and tragidies .
Then you feel tired and depressed about the idea of keep looking for it in another place .
I advice peolpe to start this sport , because is completely and make you mind with the body feel very good .
In Spain the vast mayority of schools are state schools .
Tomorrow , I 'll go to visit my grandparents in Galicia .
In 1656 polish king John II Casmir made Lwów Oath .
No body can deny that transportation is one of the most important things in our life .
The police went to school to talk with Lucas and try to find a fare punishment .
We will not compromise the quality of the production process or the product for any cost .
I tried with swimming , and I was found that so boring .
As we all know , Occupying Central is illegal .
TV provides lots of cognitive programs like cooking , taking care of pets , how to eat as well .
- I thought that it was your normal condition .
I think it is a wrong way of thinking of sports .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
I did not go to Hogwarts not turn my brother into a frog .
In my view , I believe that children should have pets because they can benefit from taking care of pets , especially in terms of their personality development .
I am also an attentive listener of BBC Radio Four .
The possible reason is these international students can not speak English flowing .
When we arrived at the police office , I met an officer called Michael .
pop and disco music is something all young people like .
Let me know your opinion whenever you are ready ,
And I would like to go there with my boyfriend .
All these differences will make people 's lives tranquil .
This restaurant also has games for children which they can spend their time playing it .
It 's good for studying English as well as the plot .
You can change all the information on a cruise and inform passengers about the plan change for the cruise .
And we will continue this process for as long we exist .
The material processes are also known as the processes of doing .
Then suddenly Micheal felt something under his foot .
Only a few youngsters listen to classical music and love the Opera .
for example , the fight between Muslim and Hindus in India or in Lebanese civil war .
The customer should be careful before they choose fast food to be a part of their daily diet .
On the other hand deforestation is , as said , another part of global warming due to less carbon dioxide storing trees .
In most part of the Europe , people still prefer public bus instead of car to travel .
He said to himself : What have I done ?
I do n't know the stress of words is where .
Last but not least , the internet is for fun .
There is perhaps notthing more pleasant than when your favourite sport is as healthy as enjoyable .
Therefore , my knowledge about mechanical design is rather limited .
Suddenly , he 'd cut the connection between us .
It 's good to hear from you !
On the other hand almost equal number of people may maintain a contrasting point of view .
Students have to confront and get over every challenge .
By phone , by mail or on your website .
In my school ages I did not participate any programme even sports .
The Earth orbit , the Moon , maybe Mars - all will be much closer to mankind and there will be another great leap for it .
He held his breath for a second , pursed his lips
And it can even occupy the broken China to get interest in it .
When I 'm with my stepdad and hunt we have very fun because we live in a cabin and it 's a really funny man to I laugh every evening and have very fun .
If I move again I know it would take another year to find other people at least .
The night had been a rewarding experience and boosted my confidence a greatly .
But if you research about what he has done for ACDC , you realize that he was an important man .
I leave you her mobile phone in case you need it : 681234567 .
But suddenly he thought he was really angry with her .
There are lots of pros if we watch the television properly .
Almost every family have more than one car .
With the process of the globalization , people are eager to know the other country than ever .
I can also recommend other places worth seeing in Bytom .
But public transport has fixed schedule and on a rushing day not many can really enjoy their journey .
It has 58 students : 18 boys and 40 girls .
First of all we always need to wait for it and it will run according to the scheduled time only .
Some people believe that we ca n't even live without it .
Some winding paths and a far away bridge is also perceptible in the background .
She 'll end up knowing the answer .
I have experience with children between aged 10 and 12 , I have worked in the South school Centre for two years .
Although I am very keen on rugby and basketball , during the University I took part in the badminton club .
I wo n't lose , not this time .
There are three main reasons why I enjoy playing football .
Then the interview became a meeting between father and a son that really touched .
Their behavior may make you feel uncomfortable and disgusting .
Is a sport quite tiring but you can relax when the coach says it 's time to take a break .
The first reason is that public transportation carries humans .
Our fridge will tell us to buy a fresh milk , if there 's no left .
Yet , you should tell someone you can trust .
One of the most particular things of this region is the food and Cáceres is the head city of gastronomy in Europe .
A few years previously I took part in one programme name called Christmas Drama .
Working there would be a great opportunity for me .
In 2009 , Michel lived in New York with his girlfriend , Ann , in their apartment .
the problema for Emily was that his boyfriend was as cold as the weather .
These courses will develop the civic sense of students and they will start involving actively in society .
Authorities make sure that rubbish bins are placed in small distances since this is the most common reason why people throw litter on the ground .
It is true that every day we have new innovation which help people and make their life more easier .
I suppose that sometimes celebrities enjoys people gossipping about them .
There are not very big Supermarket near my home but there is a nice one .
Birdwathcing really relax me and bring me closer to the nature .
Tom loves asking questions himself about life and thinks that science class is the only that can solve his questions .
Thomas is a calmer person and has the control about the circumstances .
As he could n't sleep anymore he dressed up and brought his brother to the park .
This attitude is quite similar in many countries .
The football is a good form to do exercise because it is interesting and funny .
We were very happy there we really like Taxco .
Eventually they came to the lake on the suburbs and then she saw something unexceptable .
Cricket is good for our health than other games .
Health channels give the ways of living with healthy lifestyle .
Many times when I was on shopping , I was unhappy or disappointed for different reasons .
This year I decided to star visiting pool and swim up to three times a week .
I could also add that I know how to cook for lots of people .
I have swum in the swimming pool and also I have cycle in my bicycle .
I 'm very glad you enjoyed your holidays .
The One of the most amazing thing that attractive you , is that it has safari which is more enjoyable thing , at the sometime , it is introducing you to a wildlife without needs to go out from your city .
The urban myth that statues could move makes the contemporary people frightened .
They will have to concentrate on game and enjoy it .
Besides , you 'll understand the native people when you 're going on holiday .
Therefore , public transport is the best option to me .
We feel happier during the conversation when someone who has a good sense of humor .
If any tourist decide to visit the Pyramids , he / she shall enjoy riding Camel , horses or buggy .
This makes travelling by public transport much safer .
buses , subways , and trains .
Nowadays , Easter is associated more with the spring 's arrival than religious rituals .
More importantly , it gives the sense of achievement .
I can speak English since I used to vacation in Australia as a child .
Doing so , I begin my routine day , come back home , begin to do my breakfast , followed by the lunch , because I have to get to work at 9H00 o'clock .
Nowadays it is possible to listen to various types of music .
Then one elevator did n't function then they had a fight to find who was the blame of the elevator .
I recommend this movie only to teenagers older than thirteen years old ..
To people who prefer spending their time on the countryside I would commend a visit on the " Maria Hilfer Straße " .
All in all I would recommend to anyone to play this sport .
We also discover flowers that irrigate themselves and machine that walk a dog or wash them when we do not have enough time to do this .
Let 's take a look at our cartoon channels .
He does not love me as a woman !
Although I have 5 members of my family but just one from 5 is my real friend .
" ..... " he looked to his hands .
Megastars can run into bushy problems .
I am a twenty - year - old student currenly studying for being a chef .
There are other types of public transport such bus , train or even planes for long trips .
On the contrary to learn language take a long time and you need to be patient .
Living in a big city is always a big challenge .
Sarah got off her bike and looked through the window .
the first problem is that we do n't have enough aparatous for all of the students
Being aware of current affairs are important in our life .
There are excellent examples of good quality television on the BBC .
Attitude about schools in Colombia and Australia .
Is it worth all the time , energy and money in convincing people to be responsible to their environment ?
I have any particular problem to help them , but I have often some doubt to suggest the place to go for a shopping .
No matter in what time you come to shop , you will wait .
In that case the choice for public transport will be preferable .
Just keep going and try to do it again .
I 'm writing top you with great news .
And Michael said every time that he never will do that .
She was different from all the other kids .
Moreover , the problem would case by skateboarding immediately is the skateboarded users take over pedestrian walking space .
I 'm going to visit your hotel from June,6 to June , 24
My friends and family were there to support me .
1- chaharshanbeh soori
I am on the point of finishing my Engineer 's degree in Mining Engineering , specialization in Energy , at Vigo University .
If someone wants to play some sport , basketball is my first advice .
134 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation is offered .
I was wondering if Michael pass that exam .
I recommended it because it is the best place for young people .
They are more than 1,500 animals from 100 different species .
And this depressing weather is just making the situation worse .
Studying in libraries asks a lot of quiet and patience .
My advice for people who is starting this sport is to repeat playing until they get it .
Nonetheless , the changes will be visible on the interior as well as the exterior .
Eventually , the most essential part comes out , we need significate the quality of the sheets .
I also can get fun with my friends when I play it .
Being all the time in a centre of attention is incredibly overwhelming .
There are many a small garbage cans about cafe , stores , and other public place .
Since the first time I watched him play , eight years ago was the same year that I started watch Tennis .
Thank you very much for your time and I look forward to having a positive news from you .
After unpacking we left our room to see the rest of the resort .
If it was not true , the life would be so better .
I have experience to go to the hospital and was too interesting .
This man was his father , who had dead .
In conclusion , government are supposed to balance the modernization and sustainable development .
The best I 've ever been to .
-"Michie!Wait for me ! "
Again , thank you for your consideration .
For example , we will be able to travel through time .
I am a hardworking person and a fun girl .
It is the most popular place that people want to go .
Bad sheets and bank notes will be securely destroed .
Can I cope with all that by myself ?
You only can go to your car , sit in and drive away .
They can only be packed and distributed when they are with good quality .
Currently , the local transport available are buses and taxis .
And as you know , throwing food away is a bad habit to do which makes our planet , Earth will be polluted
I would like to inform about recorrection of my family name in the result sheet .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do somethig immediately .
Finalize can tell that with the passage of time people we change the way we see the world , comes into play evolution , not only of technology but also of society , religion , etc .
I have been proving my abilities by overcoming arduous competitions since I chose this career as a lawyer and researcher complying with my passion in persuasion and problem solving .
The " Chachas " is a restaurant situated in a mall in a fringe area of Bern .
It can be hard and it has its downsides .
Crowded buses spread epidemic in our society .
This should be enough to feel you happy like a comfortable blanket does .
I also have studied English language for ages and I consider that I have a good level .
She said to friends : ' This is best party ever !
In Ancient Egypt , garlic was used by people for heath purposes .
However , it does n't mean the public transport have to disappear .
Communication is one of the biggest problems among today 's teenagers .
Looking forward to hearing from you , at your earliest convenience .
perphaps because we were too many people and also , the more people we are , the more space we need and the room was too small .
And there are a lot of beach bars for snack between meals .
It 's possible , I will join them , because I have never been in Sochi and everyone should visit this wonder city one time of their life .
Good I am going to throw a hand .
Technology makes us easy to connect our family , friends and co - workers .
It should be because it helped you to be what you are today !
That is why I was very surprised .
Then , what makes the Weeping Angels frightening ?
The moment he reached the light everything changed .
Evening , the little boy 's mother took him home , he told his mother that what happens today , his mother smiled to my brother , and took the little boy gone , my brother smiled and went home .
If in a city people are using more public transport than their own private vehicle then it will help to protect environment and traffic as well .
First of all , swim can help your health .
If you try it you can do it .
The large - scale building projects do let human have homes , but not the animals .
You 'll have to take the cow by the horns and get some work done !
The US is supporting this illegal activity indirectly .
On the other hand , through the Internet learning on a long term we could feel bored or lonely , School gives opportunity of learning in group when students may help each other and resolve problems .
I do n't want to do anything else .
Hello ! My name is Emma and I 'm 13 years old .
I was born 2001 in august the 10th in Danderyd .
For example , playing sport at least two times a week prevents diseases and obesity .
Commercial advertising can be traced as far back as Ancient Greece .
The government is not only one to blamed but also people who leaving here , who never cares of their environment .
The river Danube divides Budapest into two parts .
I 'd like you to take into account the following requirements .
This causes young people to ignore the advice .
As the consequence , they gradually forget how to cook a simple meal and the diversity of healthy food is slightly gone .
They collect and segregate the rubbish in separate containers .
I think it is a bohemian trip too because the train use to be one of the most appreciated means of transport in the literacy .
Travelling by would be more convenient with a good conscience of protect the planet .
at 4:00 pm we set for Dhaka was an early move because of faulty car .
But in dance area I have a lot of achievements , such as victories in different competitions and festivals .
Micheal was stuck in nowhere .
Today , because of our progress of industry , we produced so many environmental problems that had n't appeared before .
Yesterday I wanted him to tell me the story of his life .
Military service is the military training which needs people have to join army or voluntary for a period of time .
It 's pork which is seasoned with red wine and , then , is well braised .
First week one km , second one km and 300 meters etc .
It is said that when you survive to a situation which has made you be at the limit , you change .
One hour later our table was on fire .
Now some scientists have suggest to having warnings on some types of food and drink .
Referee advise players about the rules of the game .
We all need a shelter , where we can hide from daily difficulties .
We will analyze its strategies from different perspectives below .
Are you thinking that emotional eating is your bad habits ?
That I have been dancing for two years but I stopped because I did n't had time .
The other benefit of living abroad is an incredible personal experiences .
FOOTBALL_MY FAVORITE SPORT
One of the new rules about the reduction of contamination in the cities is the transport public .
First of all , for the energetic students , doing sports is their favorite .
Say it simply , the things that school teach us were no longer be used in the real world .
They could get into our computers and steal our information .
Every region has a typical food and a typical cheese .
If you need any further information , please do not hesitate in conctact me .
I think cutting trees which around the circuit and undercutting kerbs can be reduce danger and technical problem on the track and we have to reduce long straights .
That is something really important for us .
For the first problem in my opinion , the school have to buy some others aparatus because there are not enough for all of the students
I am have 24 years old and I live in Rena .
In the sprinter , he proposed to me in Cordoba so I accepted excited .
He forgot he had a doctor 's appointment and he was running late .
I definitely need to pay attention to these factors and that way I can see improvement .
Most of the Metro cities are now days attract people of city towards Metro only not just because of the fare but because of the time that it saves .
But we have a local supplier that could do it .
We need to do something to sabe the world !
Once in awhile I enjoyed watch Tennis when there was a competition or tournament , besides I watched and enjoyed it , also could learn how real the game was , which were its rules or what happened when they yelled at the jumpire for a no - reason , all these details you could learn and wait for a coming day to put them in practice or help to the players , is one of the things that I want to make real .
Besides , it can also improve the consistency of advertising platforms .
She always tell me some jokes but some times i laughed !
It was freezing cold and most of the time we
In my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable .
A lot of people are not fit nowadays .
Flaminia Bruna Mancini
Perhaps on Saturday night we could watch a horror movie , as we both love , or comedy .
Many children usually did n't know how to study Engilsh , and you could help them to get there .
Especially with their mothers , girlfriends or wives .
You can never really say a situation is unfortunate unless you have already been to it .
Plans and programmes are being developed to reduce the number of cars driving throuhgt the cities .
also I believe that a good job could be lifeguard , because in summer the people go to the beach and they need lifeguard .
I strongly believed people would rather have love in the heart than everything .
We have done several movements , but sometimes is not worked .
A location whether it has sufficient quantity of water or not is the essential consideration .
I want to make a review about my book about Nigeria and read another book about robbots and their mechanism .
At first , Ken , had thought about giving some cruise tickets as a present .
Many people said that at school all the students have to start a sport and frequent that one regularly .
Our daily life is thoroughly planned , from the morning to the night .
and court contains one net in between those players .
My biggest dream is to speak French fluently .
The most important palace is Jorge 's palace .
I think I 've some useful information for you .
The staff is really interesting and helped me all the time and the customers were gentle all time .
You would not think but when you are just thinking you may have the chance to invet something new and useful for humanity .
It offers unlimited entertainment as well as food for thought .
Football matches attract a lot of spectators , who come supporting their favorites .
As I lived more than 12 years on the countryside I was dependent on busses and trains .
It said that I was now one of them .
All the important buildings and monuments had been cleaned and repainted .
Those items will help you not to be injured .
To finish , I can conclude that this English course has been very useful to me , because it has improved my English very well .
Many students gain a great deal from our activities .
First , the bank notes should be considerated how to design included background colour , artwork and security issues .
Do n't hesitate to ask questions .
He had to control his employees and this way did n't take him so much time .
Secondly , for behaviour of older children like teenagers have an impact other factors , it are not only their parents but other people , whose surrond them .
We do n't have to book tickets in private transport .
However , there are several plausible counters to this argument .
but now using public transport is looked as person of low status , so there is no future for public transport .
However , the main drawback of such advance is that we now rely more on computers than on our capacities .
But his mother hate his wife and always shout at her .
So the US has no qualification to criticize China .
It 's a good way to wake up !
That 's where it took me .
I had recently finished my course of english in Cambridge , also I have a fresh and improve English .
Nowadays , the space for countries enlarges , instead of which , the area for farmland , forests and wetland is getting smaller .
He was assigned to a task in the rehabilitation center .
" The fate gives you a human that you can bear . "
Democracy also had fundamental changes on that period .
I live in a village on the outskirts of Milan .
As result , the rapid increasing of cars on the road brought negative consequences .
Do n't waste any more time !
Before I made it to tell something , I heard terrible scream and my friend just hung up .
In conclusion , in my city , the concern of the environment 's protection do not working how it is necessary to protection of soil , environment and healthy .
Brands - pay more for better quality ?
My personal attitude to fame is rather ambivalent .
To : summercamps@bt.com
People live here take care of city environment , so the city became clean and green place .
I think that in 50 years the public transport will be more efficient .
In my opinion , I agree with the statement with qualifications by following reasons .
These days television allows us to see happenings all around the world .
How far back could it possibly go .
underground , trains and buses these means of transport are cheap so it helps the poor to save some money .
I have a MSc in Food Science and PhD in Biochemistry .
For me jogging is very stressless .
For our end of the course 's dinner , I 'd recommend the Asian restaurant Tian .
I own all needed traits for this job : knowledge in cuisin , politeness and diligence of work .
I think that family 's members could n't be friends because the relation is very different .
I like going to the cinema , get out with my friends ,
Thank you for showing interest in being a part of our company .
Making new friends and sharing interests with others are always exciting parts of social life .
We put them in metal boxes and turned them on .
Then she took the document and stared reading in aloud voice : " With this agreement your soul is mine " .
I haven't seen you for a long time .
The concerts attract many people from all over Belgium .
It is unquestionable that some research found significant improvements .
At least I had a stable job , lover , family and friends .
He asked me to observe him for a week .
Also the last summers helped me to be preparing on more things that the children demand children .
I was asked to take care of the VIP room .
Only a few of them like to wear fashionable clothes .
Life is fast moving and time is money .
I am ovewholemed with grief , living with them .
government should focus for the improvement of public transport and must discourage the individual cars .
The man in the car was very annoyed and pushed the horn seriously , but Stephan did n't hear that .
I hope to see it around the world , public trans port something we can not avoid or replace with another thing .
There is no need of expensive technical clothes , or special fields , just you , and a place safe and with enough space .
It means that in everyday life they are faced with the same problems as we do .
It is Temple of Literature , the first university of the nation .
It was a quarter to two , so tom laid back in his chair , took a big breath and waited for his workmates to come .
Despite our nervous we did it well ! and our dream come true , yeah , we 'll be glowing in the dark !
I agree with the statement above to some extent .
It 's also a really fun sport to play .
On the countryside you can find the recently edified mall named " G3 " .
It is a good purpose , to see and get to know the place , where in Poland produced traditional and well known beer .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you !
It is proven that to be a part of a project always make people feel useful .
Driving instructor picked me at the gas station and from there we went to a parking lot near AMC and practised parallel parking and k - turn .
Many doctors recommended the practice of sport , because it is very healthy for our body and for mind .
People prefer the car rather than public transport due to sexual harassment .
Kate was really angry and she oredered to him to leave her room immediately .
Since my Law school graduation , many achievements encouraged my professional development .
The conception of beauty has changed since people started thinking they need to be thin to become pretty .
I am interested in the vacancy in your cafe .
Then you should thank the interviewer for the invitation .
I also consider myself to have great organisational skills .
The receptionist nooded and conducted both to the main hall .
I think , that everybody deserve privacy , including famous people .
Are they the best invention ? : Cars
As requested , this is a report concerning the environmental condition within my town .
To sum up Internet is an progress more important in the world , but too there are a lot disadavantages and advantages .
Not everybody knows how much devotion and determination requires being a good player .
Friends , colleagues , family all thes people who was next to me on this way to this wonderful day .
I did a lot to make this concert better .
Apart from ability to get on well with people I read a lot .
Thirdly , eating at home is more comfortable .
He was fed up with all this profanity .
Spanish people love spending time with their family and friends .
After careful considering this issue , I also develop my own points of view .
Despite of it is an industrial city , there are many shops and department stores .
So , you will be able to live and watch all this amazing exotic flowers , to hear Colombian music and see typical dances .
There are a lot of magazines in many fields of sports .
Many people claim , that wearing fashionable clothes is very important .
Finally , although I usually speak Spanish , my second tongue is English .
On the one hand the old one could be hard wired into your brain .
And the flying saucers ' culture has dominated . They will be green in color .
She 's gotten used to receiving those short messages every day .
Fast food is one of ways to solve that problem .
Respected teachers and all my friends
Well , may be it 's for the best - less pressure .
The kids started going to a private school .
During my career I have gained extensive experience in academic writing .
Personally I , watch a comedy movie almost every evening .
For the last years , the public transport has been forget .
It 's the best day of my life " .
The streets will be plenty of cars in the rush hours .
the are a lot type of sports but one of them is the most practice in the world : the football .
It may be cause increasing wight or reducing the number of necessary vitamines which our body needs .
After six hours we had lunch on a fast food to France .
Besides , I really need the money for my family .
She was describe as plain Jane of the campus .
In my opinion riding at high - speed on the long straight can be cause overheating the cars engines and the can blow up .
As soon as the bride appeared in front of us , most people kept silent abruptly .
in my town there are a lot of old people , and there are nor much children , because they love in other cities .
I can start with saying something about advantages : we are not just classmates but we are friends .
Hi!How are you ? Have you found your car keys ?
Cricket brings a passion on me whenever and wherever its possible I find out a way to start the game .
In despite the risks , I recommend this sport for everyone who has a good physical condition .
The Maze Runner manages to feel remarkably fresh .
Besides this way you can have an exciting start in Madrid .
Yellow the female principle , gentle , cheerful and sensual .
Moreover , I got a diploma of English reading and writing skills .
Because of this , the store detective could catch the thief and recovered all books .
Second of all , as I did say " to a certain degree " , the idea of controlling one 's own choices regarding house picking and what they can do with them takes away a bit of their freedom , which is the complete opposite of what we should get to .
People will be fined if they throw garbage on the streets .
Also it gives the possibility to get in contact with family and friends .
I am available at anytime as the summer holidays are upon us .
It was since that day that I try to skate as much as possible and I love every bit of it .
If you have 2 legs , you can !
So , who could have sent that letter ?
We can take a bag from our house , because if we do this every time that we are going to buy in each shop , we do n't spend more piece of plastic or paper .
This place is also famous for good coffee shops .
I got your beautiful postcard and your invite .
For the education , every developed country is concerning with the issue .
The best part of this game is batting whether someone knows or not he first prefer to bat .
His son , David Belle , was taught some of the faundations of Parkour too .
The solution I think would be to fine to owners .
Let 's talk about the advantages of playing basketball .
In these days a lot of student are using the internet as a study tool .
The war in my country make me feel no longer safe .
Just think about it and give me a call .
he had a girlfriend called sinha who was a girl with a big heart but unfortunately broken one .
Yes , I have a favourite restaurant .
Most of them are extremely interesting and worth seeing it .
Otherwise , the sheets and notes would be abandoned and destroyed in the fire .
My hygiene is running or more familiar word is Jogging .
To be brief , taking the public transport is not only avoid congestion problems to save the time but benefit our mother nature future .
Nevertheless , if you do n't like sand at all , you can choose the other option in the mountain .
I recommended all the people who wants to run that if you do n't feel like you 're improving anyway keep going and whit the time you will see results .
He talked to his trainer Jack and explained the problem .
If it is too cold outside , I put a jacket on , but if it is too hot I wear shorts , sandals , a light weight vest and sunglasses .
It is possible that the robotics would be a normal part of individual 's lives .
My family aand I like to watch movies all the time .
In my opinion parking charges are too high .
Besides , an adaptation is connected with Li Ren edition .
Fire ants threaten more than human health .
Under the colorful school life , I undergo different type of experience and I finally set my career goal to become an engineer or a computer technician .
In the night I see a shadow entering the house .
I prefer to spend my spare time watching films , so in this way both I improve my English and relax .
My last job is working as dealer in a lot of shops .
I might not have the tipical sports women body type , but I really enjoy doing sport and feeling the glory of movement .
I was seventeen years old , when I decided to accept this work .
Adriana does n't like sleeping , that is one of the common things I have with her .
As you can think he is a very straight person , who knows what he wants .
To reach his goals , he trained a lot with one of his colleges and he gave no importance to the judgements that people have over him and his ambitious wishes of victory .
Later , that same day , Louis went cave diving in the mainland .
I start this sport since I was 10 years old.where my father was playing this sport also , but he started it when he was more greater than me , He was about 30 years old.where squash is one of the games that can be played in any age , I love this game because I find it making exercise to all the body in the same time , we are running in small place moving hands in stretched and different ways in the same time you are working your mind in the same time so it need caring and quik thinkink , as much exercise you will find down the road .
The next day , he was a very attractive monster , in other words , he was convert in other monster body .
I glanced at the groom jealously .
The amount of pleasure which I can get it 's simply incomparable to anything else .
When I 'm listening this , I want to commit hara - kiri .
my first play badminton when I was 7 years old .
Next thing I like about him is that he never pushes me into anything .
We have the time now to do what is necessary .
Let 's say no to sexual harassment !
Also , we need to know how it is made .
Consequently , you can reach high academic levels .
I will tell you everything when we meet !
There are three advantages of public transport over private cars that I want to explain .
My name is Andrea and I am 30 years old .
He was n't answering his phone . '
The next World Cup takes place in Russia 2018
They are called " The Four Horsemen " .
In conclusion , working and studying is very much possible .
Have you drank under the legal drinking age in this past month ?
I play football every day with my friends at club .
To illustrate , my niece did not get a great score in his test .
I will wait for you at the train station
In addition , with this ages , normally people have more charges , maybe children , mortgage , partner , etc .
Sometimes I felt that I was alone and not loved .
I hope you 'll answer me soon .
Finally , they warn me of danger but they let me do , even if in the end I 'd make a big mistake . They 'd keep always close to me and neither would fail .
However , I 'm not referring to the musical nor the intermediate version ; the oldest version is the referenced one .
One night she was working at her home ; she was in difficulty because no one satisfy her clients .
I could provide an extraordinary service with a smile even I was under unexpected situation .
People have conciencied themselves that we need to respect the nature and the human places where we live .
In conclusion , it seems the benefits outweigh the drawbacks of human genetic engineering .
Two hours later they were in the room of urgency of Cáceres Hospital and the doctors were curing Jon ' leg .
Marcuangolo fell in the street .
If you like and wish to come here my best advice is to stay at home .
When the ' mechanicals ' or workers change into their characters , it is a bit like magic .
I see that it 's good for my health .
-Help organise sports and evening activities .
Now I am so independent and I learned how to live alone .
I live in a small city called Caceres .
If you bored to see classic museums you can go to thematic museums such as natural history museum .
You can also prepare some weapons such as pepper spray , whistle or electric baton , just in case .
No one could have anticipated what happened next .
The place you must visit is the islands !
Even though people trying to develop drones to reduce logistic costs , it is difficult to apply the technology to carry humans .
As time went by , football remains my favourite sport .
She thought that this day would n't be ordinary .
And it is also known to be my favourite sport .
His eyes looked automatically on how Celine looked today .
Also , Madrid is a nice city , you can to find all things that you need .
I 'd like to talk about my past .
The future houses will be different not from architecture , but the functionality .
For example , the form to prepare the food , is gon na be dangerous because a lot food have artificial thing that is no good for us .
One Direction was in front of my door !
Despite they are not new clothes , they are usually trendy and with high quality .
I am talking about dancing , specifically ballet .
For example , sharing knowledge and experiences allows that everybody can do or apply things and develops faster .
It might be a simple way but perhaps the society would be proud on what are they doing .
Let 's consider some kinds of extreme sports .
But I never thought that it can be that serious .
May I have a new extension number ?
There 's another way to survive this competition .
Therefore , he is shown as a sympathetic character .
This sport can help your health and everyone can learn to do volleyball .
Anna looked at her watch and as fast as she can run to the park .
Learning many ideas and knowing detailed facts both are considered crucial for students education .
It is often owing to wearing clothes which do not fit and suit them .
For example I can know about the Big Bang , the origin of the universe , it 's fascinating !
Take a look at the highways near the big cities .
They did n't know that the island was Atlantis .
If the bus drivers can follow their time table there wo n't be any argument .
I am writing to apply for the Summer Camp Job .
There Alice will star an adventure where she must slay the Red evil Queen and restore the White Queen to power .
In conclusion , we have different options for this campaign .
That is how to boil an egg .
I hope that you will find my suggestions useful .
For many people , parents are teachers in our life .
This is easy word to understand , but it hides more than defination says .
if planned to travel by public transport people will walk to bus station and get down from the bus and walk for necessary thing .
Montserrat Márquez
Both of them were young , beautiful and naive .
however , even though everybody has their own vehicles they will have to use public transport once the roads are full of vehicles .
The only flaw of metro service is its unavailability in remote areas .
large number of people use it which results in over - loaded buses and trains .
Our family is people who will love us , do n't look on situations and who we are .
He was looking for funds to keep our team .
People who lives there almost know the convenient public transport called MRT , it 's fast , cheaper and does n't have to find the parking lot .
We had two factories and a great amount of traffic problems .
We also invite guest speakers and organise fun events .
Does why , is easy to believe that if things continue with this rhythm and transforming everything , in a closer future of 50 years everything is gon na be completely knew and different .
I hope you consider my application and contact me ,
It has been a long while since I last met . you and dad .
I must admit that this is my favourite band .
I read your advertisement in my newspaper last week .
So , now there is a chance for you to pretend the god .
So she decided to ask him straight away .
To get along with international friends is a great way to expand horizon .
There are always the differences between a real vacation and a dream vacation .
So , I will elaborate on this subject .
I am going to study the topics from both aspects and give my opinion in the matter .
It really worth visiting Amazon Theater in Manaus , taking pictures and having good stories to tell in your life .
Friends are important and make your life happier .
I'll never love any girls but you " .
Lnguage itself also becomes vitally important : the boy 's speech is peppered with made - up words that highlight the isolation .
first of all , rubbish factories should be sent behind the city
Consequently , drought has led to severe social impacts of natural disasters .
it take too much time to travel by public transport than by personal vehicle.there is scarcity of buses in public transport and there timings too are not fixed .
Scout always develops the story .
It is like to make friendship with nature and knows that what it needs of us and show what we need of it .
In Cáceres take care of the environment .
-This dresses are made of textile fiber almost everything here is synthetic and portable for everyone - explain Snow .
Physical therapy returns your body to its previous healthy condition before trauma .
I enjoys reading book , cooking , playing with dog and singing .
There are lots of facilities such as sports centre , ping pong club , hire centre etc .
We can also watch a documentary that teach us a lot !
To start running this community will need a few things .
Also I would be grateful for information about the task I would be called for if I got the job .
The place is provided private room and karaoke room in one place .
Ways to address the issues
Later in the week I pass the day drawing .
Apart of ovbiouslly having fun and socialice , the way you feel after running and burning feels really good .
Oh , my wife is clever .
As a consequence of an increasing in number of private cars .
Thereafter , you should go to Medellín , in that time of the year they will be celebrating some typical holidays .
Ruben is a very cute guy and I do not want to lose him never .
I hope we will get this chance next year .
Those are the main reasons that could make the public transport diseappear .
But not so many people have a driver license .
The yellow container is for plastic as water bottles , the blue container is for cardboard as milk brick , the green container is for glass as glass bottles .
The town is not to big but still not to small .
First , you gain time doing essential things .
There is an increasing trend of personal transport so that public transport will be reduced in the future .
For instance , you have been doing sport since I met you so as to give up it for a season .
In parking in front of this building very nice and crazy old man was helped us and charged acumulator in our car .
I think the boat is the best way to travel and I have three reasons for my idea .
Working in a company which is built up with good core values and has an excellent reputation could easily obtain the fulfillment and keep passion in job for a long time .
Besides , I find those talking about building massive structures and science interesting and I learnt some knowledge from those programs .
Egypt have more historical places such as pyramids is the one of empirical in the world and more people from around the wold come to see this pyramids the wold think how Egyptian people make this building from may be thousand year and still stand without change and more tourist come to take photo in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptian make this one without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machine more scientific teams come from all the world to study this building and make Egyptian science in more universities around the world to study how the air going inside this building and how it keep the food inside it and how this big stone takes out from far places and come for this place and how this building keep the body of the people after died and how this people leave inside the building and why this building like this and what the benefit of this building and how to make kike this building
Everyone is able to enjoy the excitement throughout of this game the session .
Good evening , my name is Lydia , I am a new comer of IMAS .
I have done an internship at a reception in one of the best VIP design hotels in Sevilla , Spain .
I would say you are talking about my father .
Therefore it is a multicultural and multirracial society .
He is going to go to university next year .
In conclusion , public transport is needed for everybody in a necessary time .
The most stressful day of my life for sure .
It was in the midnight when arrived , so he was eager to destroy everything .
I prefer doing sport with a friend or my sister , it is funnier .
Celebrities do n't have an easy life .
This group had a leader called Mario Casas starring Antonio Banderas .
We have to admit that toil and trouble are urgent needs of this juvenile generation .
There I learned how to work with young children .
Last week , my class and I went to Sicily for a schooltrip .
Then he worked all the night to finish the next month .
My first match was when I have been in school .
Therefore , their kids would follow parents ' habits and behaviors .
I have two little brothers , Gus and Soren .
Anyway , it is only one side - What do we know about the flipside of fame ?
When someone asks an adult " what do you do ? "
Even if it cost him hiding how much he loves her .
I hope that next time you will be able to go with me .
now days , there are many type of transport in the world , bus taxi , train but train more conform then else , I always used bus in city .
As a result of this town looks clean compare to previous decades .
No one can tell how it will be like .
Nowadays there is more and more rubbish because of the high amount of package used to wrap products and increase in consumption .
I am studying primary education because I love children .
As you know I just moved too a new town .
Also , to activate your brain quicker , go out for a fresh air .
My classes will happen from Monday to Friday , but just in the mornings .
Secondly , the state can take 5 percent from every salary .
When we talked to our seniors I think I should control myself though they talked unreal things .
In this way , those states of drought regions will obtain enough time and technical aid to overcome water problems .
So I asked him what his favourite sport is .
It is very nice to hear from you .
We should all be thankful we are what we are , because we could be a lot worse .
Peter did a beautiful presentation and now his mother is very proud .
We have still many problems to solve in our city .
Well , I wish the best thing you and that you find work .
There was a ticket for my favourite music band .
, i love her so much , i do n't know how will my world being like without her and i wo n't to know .
At the moment we have a nice house with the garden .
The man usually wear their best suits and the woman have long dresses on
I think other media will fulfil these functions as well .
Likewise , the skateboarded users brought numerous garbage that affects the stores in the plaza .
Not only they will be used to telephone , but we could pay with them .
One asserts that talent is a matter of luck ; the second , of pure time demanding and presumably expensive dedication .
Remarkably , teenagers like eating this and it is where you can find one of the best .
For one , the show played on television may enlight us and give us some enlightenment .
It was my best friend 's voice .
Mahbub Ezzeldeen Ganim
We believe none of the promises your party made were brought into action .
People have had a need in communication since the dawn of time .
In my opinion , I believe the public transport will have big role in the future due several reasons :
By using the Trivago 's services , customers can search the worthiest price of the hotel room to gain benefit .
I'm granted student by the government of Saudi Arabia and the scholarship will cover the tuition and everything related to my studies .
In these diagrams below , the manufacturing process of bank notes is shown clearly .
The teacher said to me ' Could you play in the place of your sister ?
It comes as no surprise that women love shopping .
The second aspect is , people can help to pay more tax to buy new buses .
He built up a system which based on 4 essential relationships in the society .
I have only lived on one place in my life .
If people recycles , rubbish will be given a second use , and rubbish dumps will be shrunk .
People often tend to go on their own as private transport such as cars can be bought easily on loans provided by banks .
Albeit those things in common , at the beginning of the movies , the depression of characters came from different situation .
They laughed so much that they both forgot to get out at the right stop .
I started running because I endured neck pain and my left leg is not comfortable when I sat all day .
Hello my name is Nina Joly and I 'm seventeen .
It was 10 pm when Tom arrived home .
on the other hand , public transportation takes more time to get to the required station , because already public transport taking long path to go across more places and as more as peoples take benefits from it , and public transport usually crowed and do not be on time .
For sure she has to taste our local chocolate .
" What is it ? " she asked .
Despite this , the resaturant is decorated with a full set of musical instruments , hanged up to the walls .
Every hard situation may be got over easily when you make a big effort .
However , the craved stone balls were not found near any graves .
I 'll be nice , though .
Shopping facilities in Moral de Calatrava .
In addition , traffic congestion has become another worsen problem .
Public transport was made accessible by reducing the fares and making it free for students .
economic system is in crisis , so it 's hard just for Italian , thinking for
However , this election could not be the wisest as there are other inventions more useful than television and with better future applications .
I think that there are different types of famous people .
my best friend live in madrid , but We always were together in her house or in my house 's grandparents .
When you go far in a cup you got to play a lot of games .
6 ) The movie I watched made me cry .
A historical place of importance in my country .
My teacher told me some things about the country .
We have seen a great drop in the number of solid waste .
Also i can see the air pollution is tallest .
I remember all of you and miss my family .
I will not tell you what happens afterwords not to spoil it for you .
Science is developing very quickly and nowadays scientists are discovering new things .
Internet has been developed a lot for the last years , and we can use easily for doing any tasks .
The flourishing cultural life will fascinate visitors .
Honestly , as eight years old boy who knows Christianity close to nothing , his knowledge of Christianity was lower than a 3 year - old child .
Alexa Giordano every morning .
They ran towards their house , worried for their child .
Take care and I hope to hear from you soon .
I 'm glad to read you and I wish you to come to Russia for you holidays .
We do n't use so much petroll like if we each of the passenger to use it own private transport .
It 's called Spotify and have grown super big .
One night he went to a party with his colleagues .
In conclusion , I am strongly favourable to this statement . Advertisement for young kids , not only until 5 but until 8 years old should be forbiden reasoning the kid 's vulnerability and the risk to their parents ' relationships with them .
In the other hand we must remarque how the plane sector has been grown , currently is the most common way of transport for going away and that 's also means than the shipping factory has decreaced deeply , in order to let the plane market blomm .
I think public transport has good prospect in the future according on following reasons .
ignores the car congestion problems and the pollution for the CO2 .
The fruits , used above , also sound like ones that would be found in a forest(berries ) .
The perpetrators harm the victims by words or assault .
Sometimes , your shopping turn out to be unsuccessful and you are desperate because you wasted money .
I am looking forward to hearing from you !
Sometimes you can even meet new people on the bus .
Baja California weather is not as cold as Chihuahua .
I must say that Public transport is life line in today worlds .
I am living in the center of Spain , in a small city .
Maybe you just think it 's fun but it 's been a good cause for your cat because of you 're joking .
Off the top of his head he had asked his nephew to go to the fishing together .
Actually modern life affected on our palate changing .Instance some people who work majority of their waking houres prefer to use fast food more .
Luckily , we got a word of a dancing school .
For these places , the best season is the Summer .
Firstly , laws should be set to forbid some projects which cause massive problems to the environment .
According to scientists they said that people who usually eat plenty of junk food will have more than 50% of risks to get obese and even die soon .
The number one called good quality sheets , they will be packed and dispatched .
Besides , some genetically modified crops grow more quickly .
Trafic jam will cost a lot , such as pollution which certainly cause more health problems and will make expense not only for us but for the others as well .
I arrived in New York a four months ago .
These experiences were tremendously memorable to me and it was my honor to take part in these events .
Moreover you can be lucky to avoid big traffic jams especially if you are taking the train .
Write back soon and let me know if you have any concern .
The stature of Kinta is situated in the entrance of Banjul .
Actually , we have a lot of problem with traffic : lots of cars in the railway and it do n't running ; the number of cars in the street cause a dirty pollution ; crawded railways causes a later destination .
Am Melody Martinez , I 'm 26 years old , I was born in Mexico .
Almost at the same time they kissed
I can understand people who say that shopping is boring .
Nikoleta Ozerova
Nowadays , travelling by car is much more common than we could ever imagine .
I also love watching films at the cinema or on tv .
" Ring ! " The bell rang .
Nobody there knows me so you should be afraid that some of our friends would recognise me .
The next thing about unpleasant shopping are enormous lines .
Despite all of the assistance of science in daily life , it has not without criticism in different views .
Indeed , his team was almost at the end of the NBA teams whilst they are in the middle position now .
Nowadays we live in society that we is totally dependent on transport .
It is said that only men hate to go shopping .
I am very proud about the awareness from my city people .
I will start the level B2 the next course .
As time passed Peter and John gradually became more close to each other .
travelling is an essential in everybody 's life .
In the last five years many new bins have been situated near all neighbourhoods .
But this is change after my brother arranges with me to organize our time .
Therefore , the number guests invited to the wedding are much more than that those in previous time .
It 's a restaurant located in Villa General Belgrano , Cordoba and the specialization of it is german food .
So , do n't worry and take t - shirts and shorts !
As a result I am also organised .
I am a qualified educator and I have worked with children for five years .
And still working hard to build our own brand .
It demands physical effort , being and excellent way to keep fit .
Also this is a healthy way of getting fit .
The first thing that I would suggest TV authors is focusing a set of strategic topics for an advanced society .
I have saved some money to pay the air fare .
So we should know the right way to drive .
My thoughts about mechanical design were somewhat match with the information that is provided in the first three weeks .
That day we are many people and classes at the same time and sometimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .
This can differ from the rules your parents have set for you , to the laws created by the governmen .
I must confess I feel like I am cheating .
And one lucky receiver tries to deliver to the end zone .
On the basis of medical and legal provisions as well as jurisprudence the author formulates definitions of the mentioned actions of sexual character .
so in conclusion , I think that if you contract you , you will get an axcellent people and an excellent worker
I would like to recommend that the gym opens 7:00 AM for the people who want to visit there little bit earlier and the heating changing room should be fixed .
I think this problem is typical for almost all countries .
First of all , you can come to Moscow .
SOme minutes later they designate how the cousins were going to share the rooms .
I entered middle school ; I met two friends who also love to skate , Mohammed and Khalid .
I wish that my country become a great country and better and I wish to married who I love her
In future , The cars will fly and be faster .
I am very well and everything is all right .
According to the investigation , the majority of the shops are in two areas ; Firstly the puerto shopping center , it is allocated in Puerto Marina , and the offers of the shops is majority fashion , coffee shops and pubs .
This is a good option especially during the summer time .
However , television should n't be used only for this purpose for different reasons .
The taxpayers try not to go against the establishment .
On the one hand I ca n't imagine that a little scine on the food people entrap to stop their shopping and read the warnings .
I 'm interesting in doing a course in your school .
The advantages may include that it has a low price and may rescue you if your car is not work .
It can explain a little bit of Brazil 's lack of English speakers .
You have all the kind of german food you can imagine , from sausages with chucrut to Gullash with spatzle .
It is one such commodity which serves the dual purpose of both education and entertainment at one and the same time .
Among the advantages of swimming we can highlight the following :
It 's a capital 's central park where you 'll wind lots of interesting affairs .
He opened his eyes again when the steps were faded away .
I wish you a wonderful time in my hometown .
Last month , I enjoyed helping at the Rainbow concert .
One more advantage of qning a pet is that it helps children learn to be responsible and carring .
Here is the report you asked for about my opinion ,
Pretty little liars is a little bit scary but I like it .
The show looked promising through its promos , which were based on a very famous old hindi song .
Thank you so much for your time , I hope you 'll consider me for this position .
But if you want to decide , I 'll intend to help you .
I highly recommend a plane trip as soon as possible .
As there are no many signs for this to become real , young people must wait to start their own lives .
Peschiera Borromeo , a little town near Milan , has an agricultural reality and there are many possibilities to walk around and to train yourself in a running parcour .
Bullying can cause loneliness , depression , anxiety , lead to low self - esteem and illnesses .
Eventually , it was a special trip !
Yes , you can share my contacts .
Something else I like to do is shopping .
Alejandrina Guerrero Montanez
He also cooks tasty meals and give me them .
This weather was an obstacle , it was impossible to skate in this condition .
The Government must save the gasoline and jazz to resolve the problem .
The car industry could also be considered one of the main driving engines of the Western economy .
transport are are important but car is more reliable for families they went together without waiting for transport .
Symba is the main character .
Of course during these events all the world watch it .
I 'm looking forward to your arrival !
This is harmful to everything in the world .
I brush my teeth and brush my curly hair .
This occupation is of great interest to me as it reflects my determination in life and requires my education , skills and experience .
It taught me how to advertise your product , to know more about children 's interests .
I got one sister that named Ingrid and she is 8 years old .
It is a fight for the better and healthier future .
I think that sport is important for discipline in life .
The script separates this film from the others .
It was weird that Niall was missing .
There were so many people talking to each other .
They have to study a lot with from 5 - 6 subjects in a semester .
It was lost and could n't find the way to the water .
As Academic skill Unit ( 2012 ) states that daily , weekly and semester planner can benefit for arranging our times ( P.22 ) .
Thought , but most people do not be the member of the team of alive .
Half way through his journey , he tripped .
As private transport is increasing day by day , it 's surprises that there may not be any public transport in up coming days .
But if you take a big journey alone , you 'd better take an old good bus , just like 100 years ago .
People change their way of thinking and try to do new things .
My recommend : do not hesitate to invest in a second microwave .
Understanding is the most important thing in this world .
I hope I will get me order and I hope you eill be more on time for the costumer order shipping .
I 'm going to talk about social networks .
The answer is simply ; this museum has many types of momias .
Today for some reason he got this feeling that something interesting will happend .
Here , parties are normally for family and friends .
Water treatment must meet requirements for public and industrial standards .
Water is already growing scarce over time .
He did n't mention it is a horror movie .
Moreover , the traffics on areas such as down town enforced people to use the public transportation as train , since the trains are faster .
The skills include the ability to communicate with people and to conquer hardships .
I am interested in the English Course in which I can learn at my own pace .
No one can deny the importance of travelling .
I took bad diet . You might come with me !
Surfing the Internet needs imagination , logical thinking and knowledge .
It is difficult to imagine how we can live without it .
Secendly , with the increasing of the earth 's population , the area of farmland is also decreasing .
When you meet unique people with amazing stories .
P.S. I have attached my CV
We have a hugeexperience in organising seminars and camps for families with disabled children .
The concert I helped at was amazing !
You will also develop your mind and learn new things .
They would like to offer me another opportunity for work placement on my final year at the University .
Flower of this purple dye ,
Mariana loves Panda songs .
Do you also know Clown Bassie ?
Two years ago I worked as an interpreter and an organizer of Waterski World Championship in Moscow .
Moreover , I can choose my own route to go to work .
Speaking of which , it was n't easy .
In which we have to wait more than thirty days to send and receive one message that interchanges these days with one button press .
This helicopter had humid then the helicopter star to rotate in all the island then the helicopter go sinking in the water then the hurricane finished the engineers start to distribute the food and medicine .
I have two different reasons to explain why I want to study again at BSC in Oxford .
Transportation has a major role in a society as life revolves around motion .
The first two step is to design with background color artwork and security issues and prepare metal plates with skilled machinists .
life is a long journey .everday , we gain more & more experience .
Today personal vehicle become pride of the life , mean if a person is on there personal vehicle they are look as higher status in the society .
Secondly , they like watching series in a TV .
I 'm going to write about my apartment .
Anyway they must visit our main square with many historical buildings .
But , I am really proud of my school .
Swimming is one of the most complete sports because you use every part of your body in order to sustain and advance the water .
Travelling by car is much more convenient .
Once upon a time there was a boy his name is Michael .
This does not suggest that children can not learn from having a pet with them .
The best thing with this sport is the feeling .
During the concert I was responsible for supervision of sort - out in toiletes .
I love my grandpa and grandma a lot .
And of course , we use more and more personal cars .
Therefore , it is needed to provide new facilities in the classrooms .
The space is about 100 m^2 and it has different automatic doors for inter and exit .
She has an accident today .So I have to stay here for her care .
[ 1 ] Wikipedia , Motor Vehicles Per Capita
As now fuel price coming down that does not mean that it will stay like that for ever , price go up and down .
I dance a mixture of street dance and show dance .
in conclusion using public transport produce less damage to the environment and most people prefer .
Maybe in 50 years people wo n't work as we do now , instead will build only robots .
This is caused by the changes that the labor market has experimented recently .
Well , actually it did n't happen .
He turned the lights on to see his face .
Everyone can not afford a car so public transport would be there but in future as well but fewer people will use it .
However , there are quite a lot of disadvantages of television .
I was very glad to read about your news .
The island boasts fresh air and clear parks .
I have the pleasure to give this essay to Ms .
I realise walking is not considered a sport by everyone .
And one consequence of this is they have health problems .
She never just shuts one door , and she also opens another one .
You can find the same stuff in Italy at half price !
For example , when we staying at the queue , coming to the cash register and it appears that the price on the label is more expensive .
I respect him so much and admire also .
As a conclusion internet is making things better and easier , life now is always connected to the Internet .
In my teens , I was fascinated by planes .
I can definitely affirm that he has excellent teaching skills .
It was risky ; he knew it but had no energy left in him .
Nikoleta Uvarova
Sometimes , my family and my friends gives me book such gifts .
No words , not a single comment .
The weather outside the window were totally different .
How are your things ? I went to our new shopping centre last week .
Their lunch menus are gorgeous and the price are reasonable .
From the time I started going to karate .
Orlando Duque //Red Bull
However , in my opinion , it rather useful to use public vehicles as time goes by based on two critical reasons .
However , people blink their eyes several times a minute and they are hardly aware of blinking .
Your group will see many well - known monuments of architecture , which you admire .
Is this enough information for your project ?
Either of them put a heavy burden on parents and on their children .
I 'm absolutely convinced , everyone should realize that the most important is health and sport really can help .
When the weather is good , especially during spring , market street are really popular .
Becase I seldom practiced it .
I will rather advice tourist to pay this market a visit to enable them have choices of priceless products .
Family are the members that they never wo n't leave you alone , they give you love and happiness , they make your day!They are our best friends and family .
However , there are also some drawbacks it bring about .
The name of the team was Katsa .
The most common answer would be probably the plane .
We met each other next to Oxford Street , when I was going to a supermarket .
Also , honesty , originality which is the ability to think critically , independent and creative , and precision let research to be more valuable .
Peter ran and ran and when he arrived he saw the door opened .
I am good at speaking and listening sections but not confident at writing , especially essay I 've never learnt in my life so I want to focus on this writhing part more than others .
, also , it would be really nice to have a footstool , too .
I think they show it four times a day .
Best regard , and look forward to your reply .
Digital advertising ; an exciting but undesirable business
Of course there will exist some more electronical things like some new handys , with functions we could expect right now , and there will be some other gadgets .
Will it be good , or not ?
We can think that there is no future for public transport because most of people use their own car .
Mr keffe , who lives with his wife in a housing commision home , is an age pensioner and no children .
I believe that should be taken in mind when the new facilities are built .
My favourite sport is football , I love it .
The cat had to go to the animal residency and they had to pay the expenses .
It is the highest tower in China and the third highest tower in the world .
I felt like that was partly my doing .
In here , I have learned more than the lessons I have taught .
These are the proofs that television can also educate .
Their gentle norm with lovely and adorable mind take a reference to their hobbies - reading .
I was beginning to work in a research center about Energy .
I clearly remember bringing milk and bread over from Heathrow in Sunday morning !
Opening your mind , do n't be chicken and you 'll find different one about you !
Could you please answer me with an email ?
Nevertheless , travelling by car can be posing a real treath to public transport because it is much more comfortable .
Representatives elected by respective communities attend the meeting .
Because of age changing we did n't see us , but in the moment that we grew up more , we met us the weekends and sometimes we 're upset about some problems that we had .
One of the most popular social networking websites is Facebook .
1.A football player should be punctual and hard - working .
These types of actions produce good habits in our society .
Consequently , it will be a constantly research on the field of our origins .
Later , it could support other school initiatives .
In addition , sometimes you have to combine both of them in order to arrive on time to your work place .
I pray everyday to save my mother and all my family to me .
Sports in general are followed by a huge percentage of the population .
Although he was always thinking if it was a blessing or a lessons I be competing .
It was really amazing day full of pleasures .
Because of him I am what I am .
That was really great to meet them and to talk with them .
- One for the bio waste ; and ,
I hope I will hear from you soon !
" Where has the sweet box gone little thief ?
No . I 'm single .
It is very easy to spend hours getting entertained by television .
My family is catholic so in Easter , the main days for our religion are Thursday and Friday , for my family too .
I have been really on skiing since I was a baby .
So what should we do with that problem ?
However , people have exploited the nature since the last century .
First of all , it is a contradiction in the argument .
At first I had to be involved in it a month before the event was started .
Consequently , they probably fail to experience from their live .
For example , if man had broke a leg , it might be hard to drive a car .
I like going to the cinema to watch movies .
I have a lot of interest but my favourite is volleyball .
Those are great advantages everyone can see .
You want to come to Spain ? You should !
I goes swimming since 1998 , when I had ten years old .
In clothes , youngsters prefer to wear famous fashion brands .
I 'm studying teach at college so I want to be a teacher .
I think it 's good idea if you buy some kits for football and training with your friend before match at home or playground for two or three days .
I 'm suggesting you choose between two different places : beach or mountain .
These two day were family days , I had to go to the church to a mess which represent the last alive days from Jesuschrist : the last dinner and the passion .
Another thing you do not have is the ball control .
I play basketball on weekends since I am little .
The key point why expanded used clothes industry is " kimono " .
Moreover , families take an essential part in protect their members from bad atmosphere , and it probably reflect on their perfotmance toward country .leading to effictive , creative and useful civilians .
In my opinion , technology become more and more important than art which be a necessary part in our life .
Moreover , I am willing to help organize sports or evening activities .
Furthermore , we will give some examples of clauses that represent better the meaning of our songs .
However , Peter decided to reject Tommy 's invitation , and continue to do his homework .
I had been wellprepared and i carried a lantern .
Besides we all have our close calls in life in one way or another .
Secondly , Public transport is more ecological and less polluted with the enviromment , so as it is producing less polluted fume , and many of them use green energy , such as electricity or gas .
It was the most interesting and astonishing weekend that I have lived eve .
Everything happened that summer I spent in Egypt .
The diagrams illustrates the process of making bank notes .
Mostly , it is children at schools who learn languages .
It 's for three months since I was in Ireland visiting you .
For waste management across the country , even in the countryside , they were placed the bins for recycling paper , plastic , glass and waste .
I worked in middle aged school for about 2 years , where I had experience which will be suitable for the current position .
A house for them to live !
You should shout it from the rooftops !
that in the next 50 years it is going to change .
Now a day 's travelling became easier for the humans to move all over the world .
We now that making social contacts can be sometimes a problem for a wide range of people , who sometimes find it a lonely and dauting experience .
I promise you that it will be this way .
Live you only have a life , today , perhaps tomorrow you lost all .
Today , I will talk about the problem of sexual harassment .
At last , I would like to emphasise my professionalism towards alcohol service .
So it usually postpones my sleeping time .
He prepared a coffee for himself and turned the TV on to watch the news .
Governments around the world have talking a lot about the measures should be taken to improve public transport quality .
Public transport is the vehicle for passenger who can travel from one place to another in less money .
I did n't think that I have any chance to get there , because of the big amount of rivals .
Soon on your plans : College Film Club
I 'm arriving at the train station in the morning at 6 o'clock .
The most people are travelling by their car , because the public transport was not convenient for people to use .
I could n't believe in my eyes , we found Niall .
Michael knew his mother had planned on baking a cake .
You can have some other choices that you can stop to buy something : water , juice or snack if you get hungry your way or thirsty .
Poeple wo n't stare a paint at a museum thinking how hard the artist tried to do a good job , they will judge it only .
Nowadays most schools and universities are helping students to find their most suitable jobs .
His mom was disappointed about that , too .
What is more , parents always consider their child best .
May I not live in interesting times .
My hobbies aregoing out and travelling around the world .
Also , I am availalbe to work for long hours at weekends .
Russian society gradually begins appreciating Shakespeare 's skill in portraying greatness , depth , and complexity of a human being .
If a family member was like that , it could turn into my best friend .
I hope my application will be taken into consideration .
Furthermore , GM food can also improve the production of crops .
I am writing to tell you about the concert .
That 's why people choose travelling by car because it ' is more convenient and fast .
My best dishes are chicken and omelets .
The graph comprises only German people and no migrants .
Finally you can choose who would travel with you .
I would like to start saying it is free .
That the I spent most of my time with Noman with his over talking habit .
Finally , on Sunday I rested at home with family .
Tottaly l think changing is ignorable but we can control it to make our life better , specially about food that is most important aspect of ourlife but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
It was the best night of my life .
Emma Öberg 7A3
The complexities in swimming are not only for the body work out but above all for the mind .
It gives learners the opportunity to demonstrate different their skills at the language classroom .
When I was young , I enjoyed playing basketball .
In my opinion shopping is not always enjoyable .
In my opinion home in the future will be similar to present houses .
universe is colossaling and still we are knowing little about it .
Nevertheless , poeople try to save money by every conceivable means .
About fifty thousand people live in the city .
I am looking forward to it as a small kid ! :)
While putting lot of stress on physical abilities , it is needless to say the day can be tiresome if one may decide to play in the longer version of the game , but it is equally challenging how you would keep up your mantle status .
After three days later our result has been published and I got the chance but the girl did n't .
Or were you sure about your favourite sport ?
I guess that a name Ann Smith tells you nothing .
I live in a small city , then there are few things that my town made for the environment : like the recycling , therefore we must know of what is made the material that we throw , and put them in the right dumpster .
It 's something that makes part of our grow to adulthood .
I 'm looking forward to meeting you .
The sun was shining and birds were singing .
First of all I have provided experience working with children in that range of age .
My favourite player is Marcin Gortat .
Therefore , the product awareness driven by radio advertisement is not enough .
It is the story about a little lion and his life .
A bus or an underground wagon can carry from 30 to 100 people at a time .
Shopping may cause frustration mainly , when we have to squeeze through the crowd .
Then he saw a woman started to jump over the enclosure !
As usual I 'm on a diet , so I prefer only yogurth .
But I am going to tell you about it .
On the other hand , not everybody prefers to reveal the secrets of the private life .
The police announced checkout is the murder motivation .
In addition , the prevalence of social media such as television or the internet is partially to blame .
Moreover , soccer help human body to be very healthy because when someone play soccer his organisms become strong .
She slept all the day after this big celebration .
Then she had to go for class so every balloon was sent to the sky what made a beautiful view .
Their life will be happier when you ceased to exist .
Two year ago , I won a nice cap .
I am studying in Yung Feng high school .
Reference to your advertisement I would like to apply for the position to work in AMERICAN SUMMER CAMPS , I am John from the capital city of south state in India ,
We will definitely have better drugs and also less incurable diseases .
One day we were out to three different Islands in a diving- group .
Conversely , bad sheets and bank notes will be destroyed .
You can get stuck in traffic jam for hours ! " .
We rented a wonderful place outside our city , spectacular atmosphere .
But , not only in summer I practise sports , once in winter I practise also fun sports , like skiing , snowboarding , and Ice skating , among others .
Here you can feel the spirit of antiquity and the huge contrast between Moscow and provincial Russia .
I will follow up within a week to confirm that all of my materials were received and hopefully set up an interview time .
You can see all the streets are adorned by lighting .
However , I recommend travelling to Extremadura in Spring or Autumm because in summer it is too hot .
For that , everything were kind of similar and static for many years .
However , there are some similarities for those two subjects .
Hi ! My name is Cátia and I am a student of electronic engeneering .
Near the restaurant we saw a very strange thing .
Then we got on a bus to arrive at the house which we had rented .
Peter gets a fast lunch in ten minutes , other two minutes for finding the bike and putting the dog on the basket ; at the office of the veterinary three people wait , so Peter is forced to wait .
And that 's one thing I love the most .
By hooking them up to the Internet .
A language it is the capital thing to learn because it is the way people communicate and organize their thoughts .
There was no time left to be bored !
2 . Bus car 's driver does n't care people who around him .
But after a year , I was all wrong .
After that , we now need to print it out .
First of all , It is true that not all the people like do sports because they are heavy and a bit stressful too .
firstly , the primary cause of bushfire is human activities .
Michael asked her to go with him for an ice cream so he could amend his fault .
Then I started to go with my friends .
Hartoghstraat 844
We communicate through our accounts , emails or chats .
Outdoor games are made only for this purpose that is to make a person healthier .
It does n't help to get too familiar .
Our society is becoming an increasingly elderly one .
Acid rains or global warming are issues which have been brought about the careless people .
Also , I will say you should wear the soccer shoes and socks .
We see what they really are , the underdeveloped countries that they are .
If you decide to find some information about a totally unknowed land , the museum is not a wise option .
She gave the King an adorable kitten which she had brought with her .
My holidays in Spain ( 2nd part )
Although , I do n't play really well , but I would choose it over any other sports any day .
After the revolution , construction will use for represented the win of revolution
A few minutes ago , some boy who looks like elderly than my old brother closed to the poor little boy , the little boy stopped cried , he looked on some boy , my brother felt afraid because they look like rube , but he still wanted help the little boy .
In current days , traffic jams are a fact in big cities ; therefore a lot of time is lost commuting .
They think their life is so boring and also very mad .
In my opinion the people use television for distraction .
This sport combines the movement of arms and legs with breathing , as coordination between these parties is crucial .
In recent years , public transport is really common in our lives .
It is broadening the horizons of our knowledge .
Even though shopping can make bad affect on our health especially we can feel tired or exhausted in the end of hard day .
One day my friend invited me to karate .
I am very pleased to help organise sports activities .
I feel really glad to have friends who have time if I have of something .
With the latest technology systems for lighting and beautiful painted walls with great masterpieces of well - known artists and upcoming talents .
I think that it is the only way for me .
If you want you can visit it .
Now government is working for decreasing smoke emission of the mill and industry .
Waiting for your response and help on they day do n't forget no amount is too small .
If you like the Egyptian story you can go to Tourin where you can find a huge and beautiful museum about Ancient Egypt .
I met those boys next Friday and they told me that I had to pass the test initiation .
I 'm always open to new interesting suggestions .
They are full of cars each and every day .
In my town cars do n't pollute .
There is great future for public transport , same for bicycling and on foot travelling instead of cars and other polluting machines .
People have been debated about whether private car or public transport is the first choice in recent years .
They quickly took her upstairs to the room .
However , piano is also part of your life .
public transportation is the mean reason to delivery people everywhere in a small time . in the past the had to use camels to travel which waste lot of time and tiredness .
You can buy there almost everything : fresh fruits , vegetables , and household products .
We have found this kind of agent in the songs with the love relationship as the subject .
Those good quality sheets are cut into individual notes and dispatched after packing and those bad sheets and notes are destroyed out of secutity aspect in the very last process .
And of Italian food I like pizza ( thin with tuna ) or some delicious pasta the most .
Obesity is one of the most important challenges of the current society due to the fact that people suffering from it has been growing alarmingly .
Then it is a fun and fantastic story that I do n't want to say because then it is not going to be fun to see the movie .
They should remember they are lucky devils not like they often think - victim .
Travelling by car is becoming more convenient .
CONTRIBUTION TO A LONGER PIECE
Travelling by car is getting more convenient .
Unfortunaly , for this generation there wo n't be a real relationship , all relation will become a virtual relationship .
We discuss special topic about how we come faster than a time.this famous quote explains my previous idea " time is a sword if you did not cut it , it will cut you " .
If we check the prices of air travel , we can be disappointed as well as of travel by boat .
The book ends devastating final twist .
The time spending of taking airport is lower than taking car .
Write to me soon and give my regards to your parents .
Will transport be different in the future ?
That is one of my favorite sports
Nowadays , people is aware of environmetal problems and they will try to figure out .
Moreover , this job would be an excellent experience to improve my English and be more selfconfident .
She went to the station train and get a ticket to London .
In fact today people interested in drinking wine during participating at parties or meeting with friends .
Toulouse buildings are built with bricks , red bricks .
Romania is a beautiful country and has many jobs .
In addition , financial crisis , almost of the companies has a financial problem so the ideal solution for them is downsizing .
It is easier to contract entertainment which could release our stress immediately .
He has been the AC / DC 's mind .
Too we could go to the bar to drink some juice or to go to eat an ice - cream .
I think the rain will stop when pigs fly .
Accordingly , the first one considers if the activity has been affected by file sharing whereas the second analyses the live performance success in the present technological era .
In this opportunity i 'm going to talk about different cool restaurants we could choose at the moment of going out as the close of classes .
To get this the council sets different environmental activities for the citizens to take part in .
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
The first time living here , i used to called my family and complained about here 's life .
Usually people use public transport to travel around the city .
To me , it is boring point when I see the American football .
I could n't believe my eyes !
Some people prefer one style of music , some - another .
The action has to be repeated when you leave the bus or train at the end of your journey .
I apply to your University and I am still waiting for an answer .
All the people did n't know what that was , so they did n't care about it .
Please contact me if you needed any more information about me .
In Italy volleyball is very common , specially in my region .
It is very important that you choose genuine friends .
You 've had the wrong keys and the wrong car ' said the man .
I 'm chatolic and I play the guitar in the Church 's choir .
That is to say , the investment of the internet make it available for everyone in the world .
Not all people can afford travelling by car every day so they choose public transport .
The flowchat provides an overview of the steps of making bank notes , it shows that how bank notes are manufacted from designing to thing we can used .
You could work in a public office for example .
It is a great journey that is worth it !
Despite the present findings , it is necessary more research to understand the effects of nitrate supplementation .
I played in the street and walked to school alone .
I 'm keen on mountain biking since three years ago .
I would love to arrange fun activities for children .
this film was about the previous roberry which had been accomplished by Vin 's gangs leads to the hatred of a criminal stared by Jason Statham .
I am writing to you regarding your job advertisement .
You can see a beautiful panorama of our town .
Sebastián Ferrari
Because no revolution is worthier than a human life .
We keep on generating rubbish and using harmful things .
although Louis felt nervous , she realised this was the opportunity of a lifetime .
Visiting museums is essential parts of their travel to new places for many people .
Every day I wake up in a very bad mood .
Finally , if you ride a car you musnt care about timetable . You can go at every hour .
Large of bus all around the city .
Maybe you can bring some money and spend it on something fun .
I suggest that you can start your trip from Warsaw .
Recent U.S. study revealed that the bus ride and trains regularly maintains the agility of the body and helps in reducing weight .
Secondly , the experiences one gets from a multicultural medium is very valuable and makes one more matured .
I have a father , a mother and a brother .
People does n't wear the seatbelt , use phones , and even there are who drink when they are going to drive .
programmes young people like to watch .
People 's life will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
When I woke up , not doing know why I stayed the police office .
David is in a boarding school in Bern and conclude next summer .
Also joining a team will be a great idea .
In adition , field trips are important part of our schools activities .
Leonardo used a pyramid design to install the woman in a simple and calm manner within the painting .
But now , I feel uncomfortable without food everyday .
I would like to know with how many initial investment I have to calculate ?
whenever I search on Google " men fashion " , I only find stuff for mature men .
Some days later , somebody knocked at the door .
Other good point about this sport is that you should move all part of your body .
Travelling with your personal car is much more comfortable .
I am was asking to me if you want to go to the party with me ?
And yet , we 've come this far .
The cost of the restaurant dishes is expensive and the cost is around 150 - 300 pesos .
Metro is good for even health of the people as no pollution and all because it runs on electricity and also it connect most of the city as Delhi has a wide area span of Metro that is really awesome .
Why would you treat toddlers so badly ?
presently we have many educational cartoons that teach kids how to draw , make crafts and even learn languages .
The aim is to find a balanced way .
I think that there is not many disandvantages of learning another language .
In conclusion we have a lot of things how o improve .
I have taken courses in the last 2 months in an organization that prepares activities for children aged between one to 15 .
It is an interesting activity!There is Fifa world cup too !
( 1 ) exercise restraint and refrain from taking any antagonistic .
She wants to try different way of life like the common girls .
My second advice for them is to always have a cooperative game with the teammates .
And then they can help you to solve the problem .
And by the way , the soundtracks are awesome , you 'll be addicted to them .
First of all , they are supposed to be desighed with great care and considerations , such as the background colour , artwork and security issues , all of which are crucial for notes .
He won only one gold ball , but he should have won more than that .
I'm watching they playing , they 're really very good , but when play over school , they 're very bad
Phone Number : + 200123456789
That 's why I like it .
There are lots of good places to visit in Brazil .
Well , I think it is really creative .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Many parents may not satisfy all of these conditions .
It is not only entertains , but also educates .
By recycling , by tryng to reduce the transit , walking and cycling , that also impruves our health and fitness .
Some public transports as trains do not contaminate as cars or motorbikes .
Michael can not stand anymore , he scolded his friends and saying something that anyone do not want to hear .
However , taking your own car is the much more useful .
I my second placement I had to perform lots of administrative work including typing .
Students interact with the teacher during the revision .
In this moment there was a tropical storm , and the turbulences are horrible ; but a not time I have stopped to travel by plane .
It is often said , that shopping is a pleasant procedure but sometimes it becomes bothersome .
My country is the best country in the world .
I 'm still looking for the one suitable for me .
Now shopping became one of the best way to spend time with family or friends , but not everyone like it .
It 's going to be amazing .
your position is manager of Green Pepper cafe , so you will b responsible for managing all level and add you experience in order to improve our cafe .
Schools and working life : a report
Everyone in the village try to find the children .
They usaly do n't wan to be with me bit today we played all day long .
The second reason is more important and obvious .
Everyday , everyhour he found his self thinking about the future .
There is no doubt that traffic adds to pollution .
I admire people who dare to do such sports .
To me , that is weird .
In there he saw an old man who asked him for help .
I am a lawyer and I love to travel .
I need to speak English when I travel abroad .
Vegetables and other food planting on the farmland will decrease so much that the needs of human may not be meet one day .
I enjoy playing it alone or with my friends .
I hope you understand my point of view .
There will always be some kind of sparkling either alluring or repulsing .
And finaly , the moment was there , the opening night .
Her father and her mother died before they arrive to the hospital .
Also may I have information on which version of the IELTS should I take , the Academic or the General Version ?
We could watch the concert without buying a ticket !
The author lays the stress on the democratic processes in the country which have acquired broad and irreversible character .
On the other hand , there are buses for travelling large distances .
And it will be good preparation for your study at college .
You can visit old city and watch old buildings and castel , you can watch the beautiful view from bridges over the water .
After printing , there is much more work to be done .
As well is important because during de Civil War , the General Franco was living there for a week .
Oberon 's use of magic is mainly used to help people .
when i enter the egyptian armed forces , i played for the air defense forces team .
I 'm looking down at those woods .
As you know I was really busy last month .
He 's back home for getting ready for school when he 's try to forget what he saw , but he ca n't .
Nowadays communication face to face is something rare and most of the times accident .
Junk food contains large unhealthy chemicals such as high percentage of fat and cholesterol which are the most reasons leading customers to obesity and cancers .
The adepts of this idea usually mention extraordinary people in order to reinforce their own believe in their child 's potential to become a known genius .
The native speakers seek each other out , the British come together with the Americans and the French well … they are on their own .
We have a lot of problems waiting to be solved .
public transport is used by many people around the world , including me .
This is a new age , which we live .
On the other hand , public transport is inconvenient .
He is now recovering from Malignant Melanoma left shoulder .
We have many stamina food , I think dogs meat is good stamina food than another meats .
So , the Humans including women and men should behave according to these points .
From the outside to her inner qualities .
So , we do kind of need fashion .
Each dessert comes with some appetizers to cleanse our palate .
The government and public body should start thinking about it and to save the society public transport is the best .
In those days almost 80% of people have assured feel preocupation about their bodies and their alimentation , for this they convidenced me that they will try improve their habitual alimentation everyday and their will do sport more frequently .
Once upon a time a boy was six years old .
I believe that my background is suitable for this position .
he jump from his bed to the street and walk to his way to see what he did every morning.when he walk after the stranger man he notice that he stopped in every trash in the street to take a look and go to the next one , and guess what he saw Michael and run away also Michael was afraid .
By the time he was going down the stairs from the fourth floor his neighbour Mary stopped him .
One day I went to do running and since that moment I have not stopped .
He was decorated by the Italian President last June .
I could also share with everyone some Spanish recipes .
They do not have basic loyalty to their own country .
The last hotel I went was one the best one of my holidays .
" Are you having a mistress?",she asked one morning when they were having breakfast .
For example travelling by train is cheaper and travelling by plain is faser .
But Michael was keen on getting rid of her .
All the products are fresh and the chef takes great care in selecting the best quality ingredients .
But if you have one opportunity to go abroad , this would be so good for you and your English .
We can talk , walk and hangout with them .
First came the confusion and then remorse .
The above - mentioned situation means that during the assessment were not taken into account other goals that entrepreneur might have .
That is funny but makes me nervous .
Moreover , it is a welcome distraction from the theoretical school routine .
The lifestyle , technological material and the design of cars and houses keep changing annually .
-eat a lot of Fast Food
As far as I am concerned , the later point of view carries more weight .
I was really comfortable in my bed i coudnt belive that someone interrupt my calm .
It 's a very nice restaurant which I prefer the most
I suggest you to do sports because it makes us healthy .
Why are you so cheerful in the mornings ?
I believe that other considerations are as important as money .
You will get ready to fight with others , regardless their strengths , ages and so on .
a lot of people nowadays will take their own car , it 's easier and flexible .
For example , air , water and land pollution .
He came to know how pleasant it is to overcome hard situations .
I really love languages ! ! ! ! !
But family never let you go or family never go away from you !
I do n't know what i can tell .
All the stores and malls are closed at mid night include the five prays breaks because we need to go for pray for work you need to know what the major you want to work in so I can help you to search for a good job matching you abilities .
My village is between a river and a mountain .
I would show you the restaurant where is my favorite choice .
I usually play baseball with a group of my friends .
" Mission : Impossible " soars again with stunning five outing !
Others , including myself , believe that shop in small stores is the premium choice .
As we all know , trees store carbon dioxide .
At night , the maze grinds shut .
He was now puzzled and frighten too .
The atmosphere is quiet and relaxed but always it is crowded .
It products are more international and they offer a lot of discounts to tourist visitors .
The modern science try to find new , more economic sources by energy .
Michael do n't know anything about love and sweetness .
The other day I found a webpage about Paris .
Although an understanding of water quality was not well understood , the importance of water was apparent to our ancestors .
It was such a great experience for me .
Or do you really regretted what have you done ?
Additionally , this event is different depending on the areas .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
It is true , that plane is very expensive , at least I never haven't be able to book a cheap ticket .
Playing badminton can do lots of great things for you , expect good for health , it also can make a lot
If something changes in your life will be a notice in television , and people will invent rumours about you .
Travelling by car gives you independence .
Reading is a must for having a great nation .
There are two ways for these notes after this step .
He stopped when he saw the dark shadow walking to him .
Since then , I meet my teacher in the pool .
For this , I think that the climate will change in 20 years .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swimming and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
We are going to pay 15 euros per person .
Suddenly , a rube boy grabbed the little boy 's clothes , the little boy was cried loudly , my brother was outrege , ran to the rube boy and attached him .
Tom and Molly were classmates at secondary school .
Latent fingermarks are commonly found at the scene of crime .
Technology has reached such a point where we need to do anything in order to achieve something .
There was a bit of conflict in his plan , the new waffle was in Texas , and he lived in Washington .
Skype : MTS Joanna Little
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
If you have or you have witnessed this before .
they always keep the rubbish and dust to plastic bag and then they throw to dust bin
I am the biggest of the children , than after me is my brother Sidi .
Since today worlds is time saving world hence people do n't care about their pocket .
He is aware that the growth of the pollution is a big problem and that must be taken mesuares for trying to solve it .
How are you ? Hope everything 's fine ,
Parkour was developed in Lisses , Frace , around the 1980 's .
It is definitely a way of spending our free time .
In order to help reduce contamination I take acction from the three " R".reduce , reuse and recycle as so I am more and more ecofriendly .
Now Kortrijk is changing a lot .
I want to be fit and have a good health .
The complexity of human behaviour is critical in Sport .
Write soon and tell me how you 're getting on .
Well , I think it has future .
The peformance turned out to be pleasing , with a lot of witty jokes .
First , I am good to cooking .
He desperately run through the train towards the driver .
It allows me know my body state and whether I have relapsed .
Human beings have destroyed our environment along the time and now , the earth is in danger .
However , there are a lot of malicious software around the Internet and you must be aware .
Finally , they copied my article in this competition .
It is so much clear that private transport will overshadow the public vehicles .
I must say that not all of them are veru easy to work with .
I graduated from the University with specialisation in Fiber - optic Transmission Systems .
Nowadays we constantly use means of transport to go everywhere so that our lifestyle .
The diagrams illustrates the process about producing bank notes .
First of all I would like to present some background about myself ; My name is said ahmed .
Public transport is generally is the transport system provided by government for the general people .
We found one of the Television advertisements which is currently undertaking in Hong Kong .
Vienna is the capital of Austria and located in its east .
In particular , I recommend you to go to Baleares Islands .
A lot of products such as consumer electronics , foods , souvenirs are sold here .
I am sure only about one thing : technologies will have a more important place in our lives .
Public transport is a must and cars will never replace it .
In the other side , they might be wanted to safeguard national image .
Other disadvantages is that , people do not meet with friends , since they speak by website Internet , so every time there is unless relationship , the people is not sociable .
Television can be a useful strument if it is used with caution , accordingly I recommend use less it for prevent damage to the mental level .
I can give you some advice to start practising this sport .
I 've been start jogging for five years .
I assisted the project engineer in Engineer Inspection for Maintenance .
However , a wedding with a reasonable scale will either satisfy the guests or reduce the burden for the couple and their families .
Afterwards we went for a walk .
In that moment , he knew he 's decision was going to afect his whole life .
I start to walk through the house until I listen a noise .
In other countries it would be impossible , because if someone wanted to do this , he 'll receive a bill to pay .
I am going to play definitely the piano for a long time .
As you can see , it was all really amazing .
Later , I order take away from Chinese buffet or any pizza .
The waiting time is minimum , you get a train in every 3 to 5 minutes .
Remember when in school you learned the three esential things for living ; reproducction , nutrition and interaction .
Peter looked at his watch and knew he had to do something immediately .
Peter looked at his watch and knew he had to do something immediately .
She swiftly came beside my bed and gave me a letter .
That was such a good idea !
Maybe they could not avoid the seven - year itch .
Aly Meeuws
I ca n't wait to see you .
He knew he was n't going to make it .
To conclude we can establish a middle point .
I am writing to complain about the suggested bar on smoking in public areas .
Last but not least the service is remarkable .
Almost all the advertisements are encouraging audience to download its mobile application .
But it is an improvement to say the least !
So my opinion is good for both parties
So it prevents us to open maps to confirm every single route .
They ca n't complain , because it 's the way of life they choose .
Today with the BFF concept one has a best friend at every nook and corner for different purposes .
We do essential purchasing of players to save more money .
however you ca n't travel by train when you want to cross the sea .
The society as a whole is a place where both competition and cooperation take turn continuously influence every member .
All free time I work with children and teach them .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he has to do something immediatele .
So you need information about my country 's eating customs ?
You could spend some time walking and visiting the region .
There is a grass floor , but it 's also played on artificial grass .
Thank you for your enquiry and your interest to come here .
But this is an exception because existing technologies do not allow the usage of such personal transport as we would at present day .
This is an original and moving love story that has people agaisnt the relationship between the main characters .
To the KTV , they touched to me because there are a lot of people had planned a birthday celebrate to me together .
In the rainy season , it is boring to do rehearsals as nobody is on the field .
You could do that and then , finish it in Barcelona , were I live .
She woke up and at once she felt something makes her happy .
It carries more people while private vehicle carries fewer people .
If you have a already made shopping list , it saves your time and energy , so that you do not need to wander between rows in grocery store .
Take care and do n't let it you down !
Today every single person is curious to earn money as much as they can and the interesting part is that this curiosity is increasing day by day so is their income .
This was during my first year at the College .
My best friend had always been like a sister to me .
I went to a awesome concert of points of view and I know that I look forward to telling you how it was .
The main centre can be reached very easily .
The best places I had visit is my house in Spain .
The Alhambra : A paradise within you reach .
yours sincerely , Maximiliano Khachaturyan .
However , I have no agree with this statement because the public transport is needed for someone who are no have vehicle or economic downturn .
Secondly , adults can offer advice to the youngsters .
And it will be difficult for examining students ' ability in a national scale .
Global warming is a primary cause of starvation but also does deforestation .
Thirdly , I lived two years without feeling safe and comfortable .
He was able to reach the South by a connection flight from Rome .
I would like to thank you for you help me .
I have always lived in Danderyd .
I have always dreamed of this , being a musical star on broadway .
Learn English as a foregein language will make a huge impact in brazillians ' professional life to get a better position .
It should be a strait line trough your toes , knees and shoulders .
Family members are the most important and best friends in our life .
Audience can easily remember the brand name and get a plain awareness and knowledge of Trivago services .
I guess everychild want to investigate the world .
Sometimes I have to take care of my little cousins or my neace , clean my bedroom , not much .
Similarly , people have to join it 1 year in Taiwan .
It always can make us save the money and make the environment more nature and fresh .
Personally , I disagree with that the money is the most important consideration for deciding a job , because there are several factors equally important .
I think could have a lot bus in city .
So I think , it 's no problem for me , to stay and run the whole day .
They have to do full time job at day time , and have a part time job at night .
thanks for your interest , you 're very kind !
USA SUMMER CAMPS APPLICATION .
I am looking forward to hear from you .
If you want to live with health , you must understand it and try to choose between the few real options you have in your hands .
I had studied English at least two hours a day and longer .
Moreover , people can use their humor to overcome some difficult issues .
The most people prefer a car rather than a public transport .
Of course , then he handed in two " Staff " tickets to me .
Karate gave me a new purpose of life .
In the end , the service of public transport needs to change to attract more people and to have a rosieer future .
Because recycling is hardly developed here , in Ukraine .
Is situated in the city center , near the seaport .
For the population density is ever - increasing currently , the loss triggered by these disasters are damaging and unaffordable for any single family .
For instance , when I was in senior year in high school .
The press accentuated that many of Americans dusted off fears left over from the Cold War were harshly reminding that this is still the nuclear age .
That is why I think I am an authority in toys'advertising .
If not , the consumers of this product will end buried .
Driving a car requires to fuel gas , and gas prices are becoming more and more expensive .
I had the opportunity to meet more about this sport .
It 's all part of the game .
Dear Anne . Thank for your letter asking about my fmily and my Friends .
His wound is healing well and is free from complication .
We fisited a lot of monuments , museums and churces , like the Louvre with the Monalisa by Leonardo Da Vinci .
I like do activities with them also I feed them .
Michael is a college student majoring in music .
I look forward to seeing you to spend together this month .
But there are some lines ... that are way too dangerous to cross .
People were building new castles , palaces and churches .
If you do n't want to pass this situation , you must always do things with time .
I was n't satisfied with your behavior .
With reference to your recent ad about weekend cafe work , I am interested to apply .
I can speak English and I really enjoy to do so .
That 's exactly what he began doing .
In that moment we started to run , except Michael .
I had been learning English for the last six months .
Working as a Journalist is very exciting because many reasons .
Do you think you could join me ?
So I 'd have to say this .
New bridges have enriched the town .
I think I am the right person for you .
I ran to the outdoor toys section and I picked the skate I liked .
I think travelling by car is a very comfortable way .
Antonio Trevisano del Bruno
The more cars on the road , the more green house gases produced .
So everyone bring the trash to the place permission .
In fact , the development of different vaccines would be possible to get over a great deal of diseases .
Public transport is for many people to go to the same place .
We can play music or talk anything while we travel in the car
Now a days worlds are facing the big issues like climate change and carbon emission .
I would like to spend this Saturday with you ) )
that is why I do n't understand why is it so important for people to know what happenes with celebrity ?
To answer these questions we have to analyze giving some positive and negative arguments .
It was her turn to hold her breath .
In the first place , the environment is destroyed , because there are some tresses and flowers before buliding the house .
For example car sharing could increase in the city .
( accreditation number 2014-XT-16 )
And they will also remind you some key points you do n't understand when you preview it .
She went out to meet her friend from India .
You also need to choose books of your favorite authors .
David is always ready for a joke but amazinly that he has the ability to appear seriously .
he likes to play guitar in free time and likes to go out with friends .
the most family member I love and think she is the best friend of mine , my sister , she is elder me about 12 years , I can tell her any thing about my life , my self , my feelings , hhh also i think if i felt in love she would be the first to know that .
I need to speak and participate more in class .
The issue of weather there is no future for public transport is a topic that has cased an on going argument . in my topic i intent to discuss to contravening view piont in more depth .
So you can see nearly all Spain in a month and it is quite worth , according to my best friend .
You can tell because eyerybody looks at her like she is some crazy murdering kid .
I think it 's the most exciting holiday I 've ever spent and my favourite too .
That marvelous tasteful generation ca n't be buried alive as they have their own experiences and influences upon the modern society .
I 've taught at many schools including primary so I got a good encounter of children .
When thou wak'st , if she be by ,
Taking me as an example , I do not think I have a sleep disorder .
In our word it 's impossible to live without using technology .
He told me to play sports every day .
How often do you open your fridge ?
Due to all the above considerations , I would highly recommend Tom Black for this position ; I am sure he is the right person for your College .
Channels like national geographic and animal planet will tell us the animal behaviour and the origination of species .
Once upon a time , a young boy called Michael , was walking opposite of a beautiful lake .
I hope the charity event you 've organised with your school was successful .
With your drink the first portion is on the house .
When I arrived at home , I just wondered one thing , sleep , so I did .
This is for me and many people an excellent actor because his personality is extroverty .
My favourite food is sushi or a fillet of beef with potatoes and béarnaise .
Few other modern movies are so great in comparison .
Society is continually changing , ever since we create the first civilizations .
I was dressing a short red dress and a black shoes .
You do n't have to indulge staying in a crowded place with people you do n't know .
Is there no future for public transport ?
Is there no future for public transport ?
Yet , it has still not been built .
How lucky he could marry her .
I am from Ecuador and live in Machachi .
For instance , Copenhagen and Vienna are good examples for this .
Red fire ants originated in Brazil .
When I became , first teenager and after an adult , I knew the majority of my friends , a good friends .
She says " swallowing my pride " .
I 'm really interested in that job .
I could learn more about American culture and people .
This would reduce energy needed for the light sources .
Actually , you will have a chance soon .
I 'm wondering what you would suggest .
Souvenirs store .
However , modern music is not always acceptable for different people .
It is called ' The Rose ' and it is at the city centre in front of the station .
i looked back and i noticed that the earth was strange .
In short , plane is one of the best options to do it .
He thought that they must go at the Hospital quickly , so Jon would have a great problem if he lost more blood .
The first thing to visit , according to the plane , was the Albufeira center .
I 'll be there to meet you .
So we have the chance to improve public transport .
my name is Filip Jönsson , I 'm 13 years old .
I do currently master but I can devote myself to the Fellowship Especially since I finished the Pre - Masters and now I need only follow - up from time to time with my guide Academic , so I have the time for the Fellowship .
For instance , there are numerous program that we can choose .
Moreover , schools can play an important role in kids ' fitness .
On that moment , Spain was an unfair country .
There are also many related products which harm the environment .
We should use pesticide treatments to reduce their numbers .
I 'm happy that you wrote me to ask some advice .
I would like to start working in your cafe , because it is very interested in the kitchen and everything connected with it .
I put on my costume and walked on stage , I had to wait untill I opened the curtains .
I was watching a YouTube clip by my iPad .
But before I knew it I was asleep .
The reading discusses the idea of how advance communication technologies give us an advantages of creating a 24/7 international working day and provides several reasons of support .
I looked around but no one was there . "
The big deal is entertaining , and quality is part of it .
I am available from 10 am till 17 pm .
As you know , practising in the sports give us many benefits , you can take part in a club and have more friends .
How long do you want to travel ?
There are plenty of choice , novel , historic , drama or comedy .
Another solution to this problem would be education .
You 're fucked up all the time . "
He knew that Peter was a little bit irisponcibile , but he taught that the arragement sounded perfect and nothing could go wrong .
I think it is a catastrophe to victims and their families .
He checks everywhere but ca n't find anyone .
Regarding my preferences , I would like to admit that silent genre conquered me .
I am one of a student in Telemark University College .
I would recommend the tourist office to encouraged the variety of shops In Puerto Marina
It opened more than twenty years ago and still now is the leader of chimical sector .
Furthermore studies have shown that alcohol induce appetite which makes people consume more than they need .
I do not know who Franz Marc is .
He had to tell her she was in danger .
Attn . : Mrs Kate Ashby
Residents in Hong Kong are enjoying highly - freedom in religion , speech , organizational , activities , going abroad during the life .
The most important step is Inspection : printed sheets manually inspected .
I tell you about the concert which I was last month .
my family consists of 5 members - my father , my mother and tow brothers .
A Love Affair with Baking
Do n't be mean and spent as much money as it 's needed .
One of the momentous human aims is to make eternal the life as much as it could be possible .
The diabetes is the increasing of the glucosa in the blood , The have two types , first the Diabetes Type 1 that is predent in childrens , pacient needs insuline every day , also this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insuline realized by the person 's immuny siste .
Imagine how you will live if you do n't have knowledge called ' time ' .
It is also can save the money as the price of the ticket of public transport is cheaper compared to oil cost by using the car .
I prefer spending my free time in the parks .
We have went to Champéry a couple of times .
The day was very sunny and cloudless .
I used to helping people when needing , I do n't prefer to be a bystander .
Every word I say I say for a reason .
Anyway , you could always do any sport in your extra - free time .
The trees are also stop soil erosion in rainy season .
When you playing a cup you playing really much football and you are also very much with your friends .
I was beginning to get very nervous when somebody Knocked the door .
I hope I find the answers to your question in my letter .
And not only for boys but for girls too .
In my opinion dumplings with spinach tasted great .
I have 6 youngest brothers , 4 girls and 2 boys and everytime my parents go out for a job interview , dinner , to the movies , etc .
People surprised to know his relation was broken for so long .
Hoping to hear from you soon .
Besides , the attractive story line makes a lot of climax so that everyone can finish this film from the beginning to the end and creates the billion box office to this film .
Dementia is the illness .
He then saw a young woman waving at him .
Later his parents became very angry and even got him beaten up for his mischief .
It gives you the possibility of working as an Au Pair .
All company are the same , any solve your problems .
One reason is that travelling by car is more comfortable .
This flick stands out from low quality versions because of its accurate details .
Secondly , museums are places from where you can learn culture of the visiting city .
But there was really fun to be there but is what pretty cold , because on friends arena the roof was open .
that fact behind sense because maintainance of public transport is not responsiblity of traveler .
My name is Andreas Miret and I am 18 years .
This movie is called " About Time " .
Nowadays , experience is more important than academic knowledge to gain a job .
When I opened the door imagine my surprised by what I saw .
While I was listening noman I was discerning that I should question more .
2 . I 've noticed that the machine cost is higher than it 's been anteriorly .
Hope you wo n't stuck in the morning jam .
My most exciting day was the June 8th 2014 , an international competition in Belgium .
Final , family members will always prepare the food you like to eat .
For that reason , this town has a lot of facilities to cover that demand and to offer a good time inside .
Additionally , you imagine just the moment before the jump .
I 've never got the reason made him leave me although all his love for me , unfortunately ...
They looks over me and help me when I am in troubles .
It 's some kilometers outside of it .
The external aspect is : external client orientation .
During this time she contacts Samuel Norma , PhD Professor of University , to ask him what happens if a person reaches the 100% of his mental activity or IQ .
He did his best to calm me down .
Many people think that for badly behaviour of young people are responsible their parents and they should be punished for that .
That is why we try to buy our personal car .
So this makes it already two against zero for the placement .
He was following an important European summint on environmental issues .
That half of my day I always sleepy and angry .
I do n't know what is better no public transport or public transport .
Using public means help to protect the Earth from air pollution .
This essay will analyse the problem of water scarcity in Australia and recommend some viable alleviation solutions .
Now , I play padel four days per week .
I was excited to get back into the classroom , I mainly teach online today , and try out some of my new skills on a group .
Secondly , I am so happy that you are glad with your new home and how is It ?
Nevertheless , I realize this is not the ideal reference .
It is the best or much more convenient for us .
I am able to cook some delicious dishes too .
How could I forget about cycling ?
Her mum came to her and hugged her really affectionately . "
And I just learnt how to play ice hockey .
When Michael stepped into the room , I felt something very fresh inside me .
It is high time we changed our lifestyle .
I have just read , that you need reviews of soaps opera .
Starting to interest in alternative energy and try to see forms to use in your native country is the first step .
In the last ten years , Brazil has created a wide range of governamental programmes .
Even though is destacable the fidelity with the text of the novel .
However , the lecturer argues against the reading passage .
Furthermore , environment will suffer the terrible effects of current lifestyle .
To experience well , you should stay here at least three days .
What did you understand about the job advertisement ?
I think that any one wants to start sport can play squach which gives stretched and healthy body , in the same time this sport can be played for a long time of period without caring about the age .
Its not much trees there and a lot of high mountains .
And it is hard to plan a trip like this .
However , the destiny has given him another chance to follow them .
I am having some free months and I want to gain some money .
Managemant acountant practice is very important for organization to making decision about human resources , sales , marketing and potential customers .
Everything was perfect and the weather was hot .
I 'll eat better , I'll walk more , I'll walk more , do good things and speak more with my friends
In such a way they can remain alert and no matter what will happen .
Venice is city that is based on water .
Here you can really forget about the city pollution !
Being sedentary and eating fast food will not bring them anywhere .
Wahat is more , I am sure , that most of them do it on purpose because their main aim is the famuos .
Not mention to say , it 's definitely hard to enjoy travelling in holidays .
For couples who have babies there should be baby care services .
That letter has changed my whole life .
Sometimes I give myself a slice of homemade cake .
The immigrants came with this religious culture and along the time has became part of American culture .
In your announcement you told about working in kitchens ; I live in a small town and my grandfather was a farmer .
The room was full of sweaty bodies .
Ragged and worn , it certain had seen better days .
I think playing basketball help me to be healthy .
5 ) I look forward to meet you .
So , the deal is , I met this guy in the bar , Ron , and we started talking .
If service meets only the expectation and does not provide anything more than it , means customer satisfaction is there but customer would not feel great .
After she finds out that her mother has committed a suicide because of some kind of fraud she decides to revenge her but she gets into a prison .
Aris Drechsler
So many people around me think that makes not any sense spending community taxes in public transport .
Actually it was fun and I could make a lot of friends .
I like fantasy and that book is fantastic .
They had no chose , because life was difficult , no money .
Through all of these points , it is not faulty to say that is the public transport still available and very useful in our daily life , even there are a lot types of cars , which are more convenient .
It was the best day of my life .
Yes , it 's football !
If I will go travel I think a car is very useful . but Movement of long distance is very tire .
Mom and dad spent their life to grow up their children , to feed them , to love them !
This is one reason why it is my most favorite sport .
Please let me know if you need something extra while you are here .
I receive many calls looking for the previous worker and I need to spend my time to explain what happened to him .
He uses to travel from place to place following the most burning news around the world .
Keep me posted on your experiences in the jungle !
Ok , I have told you everything and I really should finish packing !
His mind then thought of their last kiss .
So now almost 80 percent people can afford their own transport .
We want to move away the last factory from the river .
He was always doing things for them or anyone who asked him .
It is obvious that the daily newspapers having a respectful reputation are the ones which could be accepted by thousands of people .
You should come to my city and will enjoy .
Thanks for your letter , it was a pleasant surprise .
Although now that the holidays are coming you need people to help and ride the amusement park or the lights of the fair .
What have you been up to ? I ' ve just started a new job in an important French business .
I did n't want to chat with them first .
I can understand how difficult this decision must be .
Firstly , having a car makes travelling much easier .
Usually I do this kind of sports with my sister .
When you go to the beach you have across a large avenue to get there walking .
There we visit the central park and we stay in a very luxury hotel .
It is so stupid because the environment need to be over then political position .
At the same timebad sheets and bank notes securely destoryed .
there are few things which I am very keen and passionate of , in the whole world .
I will send you list of them .
There are several reasons why I support this choice .
I read others books by this writer and I really enjoyed .
You can also choose where you would like to go .
But are driverless cars as safe as old fashion cars ?
When she arrived at a shopping centre Tom is already waiting .
She smiled and said wait for some time I will finish my body massage and then you can join .
Seraina Fennstermacher
To elaborate , their story are better as there are more twists and turns in plots .
This American band is known for their lyrics that hold something different from other the bands something close to a emocional statement .
And last but no least , I am an excellent cooker .
For that reason I appreciate my pets as if they are one of my friends .
All the action takes place in Mystic Falls .
In front of me stood a Hare Krishna !
I do n't have a favourite movie , I like many but the movies I like the most is funny and action .
I 'm looking forward to your reply
However , it seems that each day a new source for extracting fuels is exploring .
It looks like regular cars but has some advantages .
Tell me more about the people you work with and how do you feel there ?
The waiters are very friendly and helpful .
Moreover , there are not many parking places in big cities .
On the other , hand technology makes our life easier .
there was also a cup in it , It said"don't give up your dream , keep doing!go!we stand by you!come on "
I saw the job advertisement in the local newspaper .
Who classified those countries like this ?
But public transport has advantages : If we uses it is the essential transport to travel .
I like public transport and I love my planet . I think the best method for reduce the polucion .
We all are free people and everone deserve to have his own life .
My mobile number is 0789999999 .
On the other hand , the public transportation is inexpensive .
Modern technologies , the development of mass media are allowed advertising to become the greatest art from the 20th century .
In Mendez house in the suburb , Reilly found some old photos showing the sequel of criminals .
I did n't see them till next morning .
He had another week to find a birthday present .
Jennifer had auditioned , and she was 100% sure that she would become the main woman .
He taking his bag and he goes to the door .
Second , the computer system looks like solves the most of problems ; however , this system make more dangerous in specific situations .
Adults can influence the behaviour of youngsters in different ways .
But believe me , riding uses so much endurance !
Nowadays basketball is the sport which rules in the USA .
They are , definitely , my best friends .
Being on the court , it appears to be funny , gives me a feeling of fulfilment .
My name is Maria and I saw your advertisement and I am interested in the job .
It 's also a teacher in my life .
In his early age , he lost his mother to illness .
This means of renewable energy are better than the old methods because they do n't pollute .
I suggested to other people first to understand yourself such as what do you like , which is possible and than practice after every success
I am writing to aplaay for the job in the USA , published in an advertisement , last Monday .
The temperature level is exactly what you like .
Will they fly in the sky ?
I also do home work but it 's not i do because I like it .
Adults usually attend language courses , or use a variety of on - line courses .
there are many differences between old computers and the new ones .
These tickets allow you to get in to the VIP zone .
I am so glad to receive your message .
This advice is to avoid you from injuring yourself as a beginner in football .
Plastic bags should be bought in shops .
He actively does hiking , hunting and camp riding .
I believe that I can be a good helper for two reasons .
I hope you will take it into consideration and go to sightseeing our local but famous Brewery .
Besides , we should use public transport or carpool in order to reduce the CO2 emission into the environment .
Another issue we can see here is unemployment .
When the first hour had passed he decided he would go walking .
Firstly , it is true that they have similar relationships that we could have many years ago .
Do they deserve their private lives ?
Now a days nobody has enough time to spend with family , Rather they prefer to make more money by working extra hours
I started to watch Formula One for my father these is his favourite sport .
- feel a lot of press on body and can not move in dream .
I am pretty energetic , hard - worker and , also , I know to speak English really well and a bit of Italian language .
He lived in a village near a railway station .
And it was 6:32pm . "
Day by day people are increasing in Mumbai .
Thirdly , I segregate my rubbish .
I speak English quite fluently and I scored 95 points over 100 at both KET and PET certification .
I found out that granny name is Rose and she had got operation after the accident .
He rasped and crossed his arms .
For example , one of these ways is the Internet .
But at the region where I live I had not found .
Frankly speaking , actresses did NOT exist !
Focus and go through the given tasks slowly and keep calm .
it 's great to hear from you .
Althouth public transport is cheep and more enviermental , they are not so flexble or comfortable as the car .
There are a lot of places where people are setting theirs houses , perhabs we will be living under water ?
Then , it seems that these statutes might lose their spirits , only when they got our gaze .
However , I think your mind is similar to what forebear thought , because for them , society are never going to get the transport we have nowadays .
Are you interested ? Do not hesitate !
There is one thing confuse me that is the old extension number .
The tagline ' ' Hotels ?
First of all , boat moves across the sea and the sea is very beautiful .
Last month , I interned at the Hoan My Medical Corporation in Ho Chi Minh City .
I hope that most of the big enterprises , plants and stations will be taken out of the city border .
Nowadays our local governmet is making some desisions for improving the situation .
From my point of view I feel like we are losing things so important as the effort to reach goals or respectful everyone .
And I really think the US could stop picking on China .
Besides this , Tvs companies have understood sports provides this relaxess moment , mainly for men .
When having an alarm about the pollution water , land ... by town 's civil , authorities must reposibile for this cause .
So I began to pray in earnest .
I always think this , because teenagers are the change of our planet .
A survey was conducted among the 200 people who filled the complaints .
There were several reasons why this movie stood out .
My favourite teams are Chelsea , Man city , Man united , Real madrid and barcelona .
Next Monday , I am going to India .
It is very popular pace to visit among tourists .
People prefer to meet happiness and positive thinking then talking about a death and a suffering .
This will be a great experience for me to work so close to the countryside .
What if they changed into some monster they can not suppress ?
The ticket is very expensive and the trains are very old .
Peter thought that he must do something quickly to avoid her from committing suicide .
I live in the capital of Sweden , Stockholm .
Some may say that we do not need public transport anymore in the future .
I was fascinated by this field of science .
Thus , one of the team will have to stay late in order to talk to another group causing inconvenience .
It emerged that that young boy have a good head for fishing and now they are always go to the fisihng together .
Swimming is a fantastic sport , especially in the Summer because in the water you can get fresh .
That probably is the reason why the local circumstances are still similar to the ones of the Middle Ages , exclusive of some infrastructural improvements that made deceases like plaque redundant .
With car we are more independent than with public transport .
I would be interested in having more details of the social and sports
Nevertheless , celebrities decided on that kind of life .
I was really pleased to receive your email .
I get up at 6:15am .
I have explained two important aspects about sexual harassment .
Furthermore , information about these facts have become much more available .
Football requires tremendous amounts of teamwork and sportsmanship to be successful .
I've been in the United States for two years .
Surprisingly Spooky turned up and escaped with some keys in his mouth but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
It may be justified by the fact that there was an excess of chemicals in the agricultural activity .
Eventually I placed 7th both beam and floor , and after we took the photos I go back to the changing room .
But in some country , You can use underground ( metro ) , it is very advanced than old types like Bus or Taxi , The underground is faster and clean and arranged .
And what if the car you 're driving will break ?
Next , we will have a soccer competition .
I have learned a lot of things from it .
After waiting an hour the time comes and bravely with high confident level he walke to the office .
Thousands of people fought as gladiators .
Many people use public transport on a daily basis .
It 's nice go through shops and take leave with hands full of bags .
As usual , they were talking about illegal things
Washing you enjoy it .
In this game you must play with team .
Will it be Earth in general ?
They can communicate well and are aware of dangerous situations .
The problem is that the mother started to listen many wear sounds and her sons were not doing them , so who was the responsible .
Firstly , it allows you to go directly somewhere without finding out the information about the timetables of public transport such as buses or trains .
Third , Italy is famous for fashion .
On the other hand , sometimes I 'm feeling happy during this event because people seems to be so excited .
What do you do to relax , beside watching TV ?
" Bingo . We got a code "
Nowadays it is more common that people spend time to learn another language .
On the one hand , without their career effect , they would as normal as we are .
There I saw , how a venture like this work and you must not to show me the whole work again .
Skat is an old German card game .
I strongly believe that in the near future public transport will be the main vehicle to travel around the world , safe and cheap .
sometimes i go to the swimming pool in the same area which i work there and sometimes i go to the swimming pool of my cousin ,
Many people think that genetic engineering has many drawbacks .
I can illustrate my words by the example of military campaigns .
People try to build big and laxuries house but they forgot about the main .
We as a human who live in these days , we live rely on technolgy , every aspect of our live are supporting by technolgy .
Thanks for a crowd funding campaign , we obtained the mininum funds to develop our innovate work .
But what if nobody wants to talk to you ?
Even if nowadays people do n't use public transport , in the future they will .
What did I like most about this course ?
Volley ball , Net ball , Elle , Table tennis , Karate , etc .
One of the overt reasons for weather - related natural disasters is global warming .
Next point is an issue , that if I am not at home I do switch off the temperature .
The exiting Great Wall remains mainly built in the 15th century of Ming Great Wall with a total length of 8851.8 kilometres .
I tried to justify my own horrible action .
His advice helped me to increase sales of main e - retail partners .
One day he gets a parcel from a famous traveller .
Last Friday I 've visited Balla without any planning .
They spend it and get those dreams in return .
I also know a lot of cooking because in junior high I took cooking leassons and I learned a lot of variety of plates and snaks .
Overall , my personal opinión is that we give so much importance to the clothes and the appearance than it should be .
I will help you as much I can .
It was reassuring to hear a familiar voice .
Therefore , public transport will have a brilliant future .
We have so many advantages that make our lives easier .
If your figure is nice , you will have a nice mood , wonderful feelings .
Nevertheless , a friendship depends largely on sincerity and empathy .
There were delicious snacks and drinks before the dinner .
Ballet requires a lot of time and effort .
There are a lot of bad people in the street .
The girl is making a film for a school project about the journey about knowing his grandparents .
Then public transport is not as comfortable as the previous one , because luckily you can find a place to sit and forget it if it is in the rush hour .
Everyone does wrong sometimes , even the best players in the world .
I would say that some problems will happen and people will lose their jobs .
I went downstairs to the playground for the break .
In second place , it is not enjoyable to wait for the bus or the underground .
How long haven't you use public transportation ? do you agree that there is no future for public transport ?
He entered decided that he will stay over the night .
I think that i have the enough experience for the job .
In these cases , TV is undoubtedly bad entretainment .
The scientists are trying to make a cure for the Monsteration Infectations , but they still do n't have it .
In my opinion nowadays driving a car is very stressful because of traffic intensity .
In short , the lecturer questions what is stated in the reading passage that prevent the spreading by volunteers capturing the cane toads .
We ca n't avoid electromagnetic waves around , although we were living in the country or far from the industries .
But my overall favourite sport is riding horses .
Because of the reasons above , we can say that the members of our family are our best friends !
It depends what job you would like to do .
Then the engineers call to other sector to ensure the doubt of Atlantis then the professional say that other was correct .
But you can been lucky because the summer is very near and the work increase .
She took the bus and went to the office .
But you must go to the school that you want , this is just my advice ok ?
In our current society we can see it daily .
You can see how the building built in the olden days there .
8) Why are you interested in this position ?
It was lovely to hear from you .
Now I want to tell you about my summer work in local cinema .
Tom had a first drink and looked around the place .
His first stop was the car garage where he had to pay and take his friend Rob 's car .
And I am left to love without any support .
My mom likes growing plants such as vegetables .
Also it is a big opportunity to help them .
So , in general , I think Malaga is very responsible with the environment and acts in consequence .
In my opinion , in future people do n't be used public transport .
It became a mass killer and make people homeless .
Write back soon and let me know how it goes .
There are many sports grounds for example tennis cort , football grounds and play equipment for child so I think my town takes care of environment that makes everyone will be able to best condition in both mind and body long time .
It was writing by John Clees and Conni Both and it shows de daily life in a fictious hotel .
Nowadays the type of transport that you use is a concerning matter of discussion .
Moreover , it is really important for me to be own boss even though it needs much more responsibilities .
I 'm very talented to work with people .
That fascinating album surprises not only the variety of subjects but also the strength of instrumental sounds .
Suddenly I felt my whole body itching me , mom took me upstairs .
At last , the life of the woman was saved by the police and the police thanked Peter for confirming them .
At the late night in Hongdae , lots of people drink with their friends and walk around on the street with in drunken condition themselves .
Famous people often are annoyed , because every their action will appear in the magazines or Internet .
It is one of my favourite free time activities .
In fact you probably spend more money than you save , because you will want to buy all their catalogue .
Never had she seen such a high waterfall .
The second do n't agree with them .
I like going to camp because I love nature and I delight to know new people around the world .
It was the third day of my visit .
2 . METHOD : DATA SELECTION
Do n't worry about people who will interviews you .
I am waiting for a final of this game .
Some people say that in my college are vegetarian , Muslim , vegan e.c.t and they do not have much variety of food to choose like halal meat and veg and nothing that comes from animals .
It was great to hear from you .
It was great to hear from you .
It was great to hear from you .
It 's hard to imagine what they had been through during the civil rights movements .
Transferring these knowledge and experiences to young people is the meaning of education .
You 're going to wake up soon . "
After the race we get around in the cafe , drink beer and have a nice conversation .
When we come after the job , or school , we need a form to relax .
They need to focus on that a bit more .
Compared with the past the people is more conscious and is worries for the world .
Then you must travel by train or by plane .
In my point of view , Internet is useful for everyone , but we should not abuse , so carring out another activities .
It is not only convenient but also time saving .
Would Telecommunications Engineer ( 263311 ) be the right nominated occupation for me ?
The diagrams show how bank notes are made .
It was in the afternoon when we arrived .
Popularity of English - language TV programmes
Of course , also studyng in a foreign country has disadvantages .
The second reason is automatic driving technology needs some more time for the development .
Michael went to a trip to Poland by himself .
The second way is more convenient and comfortable .
I suggest at the new players of volleyball that they have to start step to step .
After making sport you will feel your body to be coming strong and you brain will be with out of stress .
Secondly , do more cooperation between countries .
In recent years , there are some different size of logistic companies have been hold , and different modes of transportation has developed rapidly .
They think that year the student can spend in job to earn money so they can afford their expenses during college .
At classes everyone was very kind for her .
If you want to come here in the Winter , you have to know the South .
Both texts contribute different approaches to music industry .
In my opinion , this is dissapointing for a number of reasons .
As a result , I think that I have some intellent on swimming .
It 's no use to teach French on schools , because the French only except near native speakers .
However , the increasing number of car ownership has been taken place of public transportation , providing more convenience to get around places to places .
Another disadvantage of learning per Internet can be issue with Internet connection .
Friday morning we did canoeing and paddle boating on the small river that ran along the center and in the evening we went to the restaurant .
It was a ring which was given away by her mother .
For sure the main role in every home will play technology .
I think that people will live more ecologically .
All it occurs during the first part of the film .
Also , advice is n't always taken positively .
I come from Ninh Binh province .
Of course , all of this is unrealistic .
The principal is dedicated to developing a favourable learning environment .
I 'm a teenagers and I like to watch movies as other teenagers .
So it would be very well if you take a warm coat and an umbrella .
Our mums had been to high school together , although they 'd never talked a lot .
If Trivago want to gain benefits from the Hong Kong market , it has to develop and enhance their brand image .
To be honest I do n't believe in Ufo .
I am 13 years old , my birthday is the 13 july .
It was a huge surprise for me !
Firstly , we are living in unstable world .
I have worked in activities out - of - school before and in other summer camps in the south of America too .
Furthermore , the shopping area lacks restaurants and entertainment facilities .
It 's interesting to admit that there is fashion on Ukrainian traditional clothes " vishyvanka " now .
Furthermore , you can choose what time you would like to travel and where .
Finally , I like playing soccer because most of my friends like me play soccer too much everyday that makes me love it too much .
you can improve it running with the ball and gradually you will improve your ball control .
People always use nature and its resources to satisfy their needs .
4988 RI Sittard
No need to pay a full amount because they have many people who entered the bus .
It is very important to check the equipment first .
Do You know I came back from Budapest ? .
So as I think I can enjoy in cricket than other games .
The sky was cloudy , the temperature was below zero , the wind made him not being able to walk and it 's now when he realized why was her sister celebrating her wedding on these dates .
However , it could be a little bit unhealthy .
And celebrities well know that they have to be controversial cause that is the best way to achieve their lovely famous .
The woman 's name was Sara .
I should n't have believed you .
When I remember that moment I am exciting .
Personally I am not completely agree with this way of thinking .
Football is a team sport played between two teams of eleven players each .
So , the first two questions are :
Even the sound of these two words sound like fantasy .
Please note that I am available to attend an interview .
This is because they want to avoid the traffic block .
I 'm also a member of a asocation of toursim and ecology since I was 10 years old .
But what are the results of global warming ?
They think they really opened eyes and awaken since it is too vivid and detailed .
In conclusion , my life will be completely changed .
Secondly , in Malaga there are strong and hard rules for factories .
A bout me I like playing volly ball and I enjoy thes sport when I play it because of being useful for my body .
Let me tell you about my favorite sport .
I keep practicing with them running around West Lake every Saturday .
My parents are my best friends and guides .
There are a number of reasons that you should join the fun fair .
We would like to give six months time to scale up your skills .
Internet is a useful means for everyone , so we are getting on with distant friend , and we look for important information when we are studying or entretainament themself .
But , in these days , with education , people are becoming more sensible and responsible towards the environment .
You must n't take everything into account .
It is common having meat as a main course .
You must remember that the money are very important in your decision .
Children under certain age are not permitted to drive .
My husband and me play in two clubs .
As the graph indicates , the sales at ice - cream van was generally larger than that at indoor swimming poor .
It is a very distinctive place because of its magnitude , its outsite look and its atmosphere .
You can learn with your referee and with coach .
Today a lot of people do sports , but all sports are not amused .
The moment perfect is when you want , in the morning , in the afternoon , in the evening or in the night .
Climbing to the top of Mt .
Potions are also used to show a sense of magic .
He will leave me at home or pay for him two riyals for every minute if I late to him .
There are a lot of food all over the world .
We began to solve it again and took us the whole week to finish it .
To sum up , I believe more people should start donating to the uncommon charity organisations , to the ones who need more help .
He was very beautiful and many girls wished him to become their boyfriend .
Hope we 'll have enough time to go there .
I like it very much . I practise it in the club .
The google agency arranges a lot of people , and declares that only one group will have the possibility to win .
Always dreaming becoming a great player , playing in a stadium crowded , clapping their hands looking at what I did with the ball .
Normally , summer is the best season for travelling .
The Times Square is a good site for buying too , although the excessive quantity of advertisement is a little bit annoying .
And we had booked all our hotels in advance .
Even if once a time , I want to focus on my work they will create one or the other issue to distract me .
National fence , volunteers , and virus are not good solutions to the cane toads spreading problem .
Polish soldiers managed to repulse them .
In the male test , the high - jumpers are thrown out into the water from a height of 27 meters in height , whereas in the female competition the launch pad is placed 20 meters away .
It means that a number of law offenders can not sustain their livelihood , and they desperately experience limited options to earn money .
There are many ethical concerns about human genetic engineering .
Other people are far too messy .
It was just the number of union members so in fact , there more secondhand clothing stores in Edo .
Hi ! My name is Alexia , I am twenty - three years old and I live in Argetina .
Greetings , Xabier Morales .
Let 's meet on John 's apartment .
Besides , it 's also an environment problem , exhaust fumes engulfed the earth , more car is used , more exhaust gas release , we are killing our mother .
We can also improve our moral attitude by watching the discussion and speech by the outstanding leaders .
People are inculcating the habit to dispose garbage at a defined space .
Football can be played either as a hobby or as a job .
His ' Song of fire and ice ' saga has been brought into the television world in the name of Game of thrones and it is currently being awarded as the best drama tv series of all times .
You will find top notch electronics and general goods .
For example , restaurant business and technology industry is totally different in Taiwan .
But I prefer a strong coffee instead of tea .
I sure do not get enough sleep but not a sleep disorder , if not , the pace of life I lead .
Last time I was so impressed from watching " Fight Club " of David Fincher .
Finally I recommend this sport for the child in order to get a healthy life , get together with their friends and forget for much time alcohol and drugs .
My village is in the north of the region of the Extremadura .
if you are person who love fashion you will enjoy going there .
This photo shows me and my best friend .
But that was until he met Celine .
Television is an object that help people to know the news in real time .
Even though it becomes more efficient to study with robotics ' help , uneasy operating requires much time .
Furthermore , you also have a lot more confidence in yourself .
In conclusion , Public transport is our future means , I mean for almost citizen .
Badminton is my favourite sport art .
We went in two riding stable but I have not found the horse that I liked ..
I was as happy as a lark but soon it was getting dark .
I was also in charge of providing safe and entertaining interection .
I hope you 'll enjoy my country .
In my opinion , it has two sides .
Therefore , is not easy back there for anybody to use other means because there was non .
Is there something that makes us unique ?
I 'll try to work at home .
Nevertheless , being famous has both its benefits and drawbacks .
Lora noticed his coldness .
I think you will like it just as me .
As Michael approached the house his feelings dropped down .
In the College Entrance Exam , my math got the highest score than others .
In order to work in the kitchen I am a really good cook and I used to help my parents every weekend .
He works very had in the sugar plantation for the slave master .
Furthermore , it 's easy to know about these valuable discoveries .
Cars and buses become dengerous and make Problem in the street .
However , it is n't all that great .
Emeil me soon and let me know how you are getting on next holidays .
From : horses , steam vehicle , first petrol and gas car to future cars when the drive will be electricty .
The Gambia is well known by the adventurers and the tourist .
My boyfriend is the best in all the entire round world .
I like very much to eat , when I can , in the pub near my house .
- Nothing . I 've lost my apartment 's keys .
Some people agree with that a good sense of humor is not one of the most important human qualities .
This brings me to the next issue .
An evil smile was drawn on his face .
When and where are you going hiking ?
Looking forward to seeing you on 12 June .
But firstly he had to pass the exams .
For example we can become addicted to our television .
She looked at her and was instantly reminded .
The men would only do the paperwork themselves .
Almost every family have a car now .
In addition , every phenomenon is based on theory .
He always smiles when he 's talking .
The poor two had gone too far and now they had to come back .
I have never forgotten that funny story about baseball match .
We discovered that another problem when tried to use the blender .
You can also do some traveling and explore new places .
There were not enough police to go round checking any public place .
I have very good friends thanks on the Internet .
There is also a film based on the book .
It was a very big and beautiful turtle !
There was so many trendy clothes in attractive prices .
Tears started to fall from his eyes .
Our interaction with human beings have pathetically reduced .
This topic leads me to think of professional skill " Architecture design " .
When they go out for work or other purposes , they choose to drive by themselves .
My favourite kind of sport is horse riding .
Everybody own a car and nobody rent a car .
I knew is the better option when you want to travel abroad .
Unfortunately many tourists do n't take care about saving personal spaces ( on the river bank or on the sea beach ) in clean .
There are two advantages and a disadvantage of the current social consequences , and I mention conceivable effects of social media site in the future .
I believe you give this matter your urgent attention .
Will I find myself writing letters ?
-It has been a long time , Peter .
I agree with the statement , fmous people deserve to have a private life without life jouralists following them all the time .
I do n't agree with the statement .
A lot of public services were cut down in order to save money .
that so many films with the help of television and we can see other programs also.according to the present world without television
Most of the people are frustrated or nervous because they have to use public transport .
I am an energetic , positive and outgoing person .
My main reason for love it is how you feel when play a match and finally your team win .
I live in a small town called Tui .
All this to be in your perfect healthy body .
It needs almost 15 hours , but you could have the view of villages during the trip .
That 's an incredible opportunity .
However , I enjoy my journey in learning them .
His partner said : Man , we have to do something and quick .
There are many reasons as football is my favorite game .
About the weather forecast for next month , I 'm afraid to tell you that the temperature might fall down .
But do n't they deserve to have more private life ?
I suggest a quick visit to every shop and make comparations in price and quality
In fact he wore a black suit and a lovely linen tie .
Now , we are over 180 members in this organization and getting increase .
On the positive side , the use of internet helps us to find easily and quickly a lot of information that talk about all the topics .
People who smoke will be jailed for 20 years .
I saw you uploading the cat into the glass bottle in Facebook .
Persistence and uniqueness are the characteristics of the fingerprint .
Today is the big day , the day of his apresentation about acid rain and your consequences on nature
I used to run summer camps and art 's workshops .
When Nemo grows up , he goes to his first school day , there he is going to be captured by a man .
Third , we have not founded a green political to eliminate rubbish .
2- It 's very cheap , I will not buy anything to do .
They would help you immune system , your skin and will also give you the amount of energy you need the whole day .
If I had known that there were full of problems I 'd have gone on travel instead to get married .
In 1995 the French came to notice that their languish was n't enough for doing business worldwide .
According to this form , we can know learning knowledges takes a part of time in one day .
Let me know about you and your life .
Although he had been trying to hind this , his personal problems were ovbious and Magda did n't feel well with him .
It happened with me once and was very unconfortably .
By Pravinija Mukherjee
I love sports and I believe to practise it is the best to get a good life .
The future transport is the public , because the traffic it will be less .
so if you want to visit any country i 'm going to recoomend to Italy .
I think the job would be perfect for me .
My name is Laura and I live in Argentina .
My friend 's name is Kadir .
I really enjoy watching him to play a lot .
Because we can travel any where but in public transport we can not travel to any other sites
Children ca n't get a car license thus children use Public transport .
These aspects or advantages are that I can say about this topic .
The doctor was angry and Michael cried .
They decided to forget what happened and stay friends .
In Brazil , the social rules like vocal patterns reflect in the communication values which can be decisive to keep a good communication .
Gas prices have come down a lot .
We picked up our things and start to walk .
Sportsmen are one of the most vivid examples of it .
Plane flies very quickly , but you have to be at the airport at least an hour earlier .
We are approving an incentive amount of Rs .
I also noticed that one team is not writing anything .
Nowadays , it is the most important challenge for television .
Report on the shopping facilities in Katowice
You can choose when you would like to go .
First of all , to get students outgoing frrom the classroum students take a breack of the school routine .
If you choose me , i comitted with myself to comply with all working in a timely manner because this is how i characterized .
But that 's not the most interesting thing !
Arthur went to London to an appointment for a job interview .
Last but not least , public transport can share the cost of traveling .
It is already in practice in western world .
Because museums offer so many interesting and different things differ from other places in the visiting city .
This means I can actually go places .
This issue has became a big problem to solve .
When the new year start we hug and kiss together , wishing happy new year and presents will exchange .
I have played tennis since I was four years old .
Often I like to read biography books , history books and novels , but I really like Jane Austen books .
I am very excited to see kevin heart and will Ferrell characters come together .
She did not appear in the club , and she did not come to the hotel on consecutive days .
First of all , the public transport is obsolete .
I did not know what going on .
Michael just felt nothing different as usual.he was on his way to school .
Public transportation , on the other hand , consumes a lot of time to travel from one distance to another .
He took his backpack and ran really fast to the school .
Several announcements over radio and TV emphasize the need to use the public transport system for travelling to save nature .
I felt relieved he forgave me .
I would define it an action movie .
The restaurant that I will talk is Woody Pool .
Therefore , Trivago use the advisement to increase its market share in Hong Kong .
These transportation can be easily found anywhere to reach your destination .
Nine crew members were also on board .
Not know if people take interest in you because they are real fans or is a person who wants to take advantage of you .
I will be completely available to do the internship from next September on .
Secondly , there is still a disadvantage of globalization on transportation in China .
Other athletes just stand there and watch the game just like us .
I kept staring at them with wide opened mouth and eyes .
This fact gives government such opportunity as manage the traffic on the roads , cities or towns streets .
Cordoba is a trhee hours train ride south of Madrid , and draws visitors from all over the world
The digital age has been a big problem for musical industry because the news technologies and internet had helped more the musical piracy .
That 's the easy part .
In their opinion young people , also themselves , were very busy with fashion and clothes .
But she is boyfriend live upstate and hasn't got a airport he 's of city because of that she was need choose by train .
Gloria Caraballo
Mass market clothes , bags , cosmetics , children toys are represented there .
Lian Glai Hu Patel
But then something gone wrong and she just walked away .
For me , a good person to speak about everything especially about my problems .
The dissolution of the Communist party has also become one of most popular issues among American mass - media .
They usually hope that their children get on the highest scores in school .
Every plant has a color sign , red , orange , green , blue and an intermediate color between the red and the orange and this was my confusion .
I usually played games with them and talked to them for the whole days .
the main character is so cool , charismatic , and patient .
People have only one life , not more ! "
I 'm afraid to travel by plane .
Probably , the stores are too old in Central Plaza which could not attract customers walk into , and have to renovate .
Love , Qiana Kam 2014.1.9
Today this holiday is celebrated around the word and you can have fun with party or costume yourself .
Today people are not willing to sacrifice themselves for other people .
The fish where going to the beach were , the people fished .
In addition , the education has already across the wealth gap .
And this is the " Mandy moment " .
Well , it 's all right .
Each synthesizer emitted a loud noise .
As I found out there were two problems about lack of points .
To my mind , bike is the best way of traveling .
It is weekend and we all together today .
However , I think that TV can do both .
- How about the cafe near our school ?
One of my favourite types of sport is swimming .
- There is another place where local youth spend a lot of hours the new and magnificent mall .
She ran forward but was far from home .
Give my regards to your parents !
I 'm going to stay one week .
Advertising has similarities with the art and often combines other types of art to be more successful .
In addition , recently I passed my First Aid Course , which was quite useful for me .
As a nature of human , we would make mistakes .
Six other sportsmen are shaking like minnow grounded by chance .
In Andalusia , in Easter , the typical desert it 's called " pestiño " .
Because I can cycling and swimming almost whenever . I might say in every season .
In addition , the advancement of transportation system which is developed day - by - day performs to the most convenient and the fastest as they can .
Using personal veihicles is more convenient to them than using public transport .
In some cases you could have an accidents , but that 's not probably .
Consequently , people prefer move in your own car .
An original mix of cultures were represented consistently .
Once Lora came and told him that she was sick .
It makes the studying more effective and comfortable for us .
There are mainly 4 stepts , design , preparation , printing and inspecting .
The three faires lead to the castle a prince , Philp , because he has to do the kiss of true love .
In fact , in Brazil , the eye contact is primordial , being considered without interest to speaker or that the speaker is bothering you if you do not give enough attention when you are talking to .
With the car I feel more free as I do n't depend to other people for move to the site .
They had a concert that evening in New York .
In addition , a new generation appear and they do n't own their cars because of a few opportunities to travel and high cost of having a car on their own .
In India , it rains from June to September .
However , their whole lives will be turned upside down when an elegible bachelor and his friends set up home in a close mansion .
I think in the future do n't exist public transport because we will drive their car .
It depends on a person how often he goes to grocery , probably according to individual needs .
My name is Monika , and I 'm 21 years old .
I believe the old values should have been taught for children in schools .
What do people do with their rubbish ?
Michael went into couple of rooms until I spotted a room written ' Anger ' .
We have always been trying to find our origins .
There 's going to be a competitions for a month , whit excellent prizes .
Cars make it easier to transport children and luggage .
Particulary I would like to point Mathew McConnahy 's role .
We had never seen such a beautiful eagle like that .
It is more fun when we travelling by car .
Driving a car is also more tiring , driver must be concentrated all the time .
They just prefer to travel long or short distance in individual transport , known as car .
There are some unfavorable influence on people 's lives .
It indicates that more kinds of species are endagered for they are unable to adapt themselves to the remaining lands .
Chemical drugs can help peolple to heal and improve from diseases but have another hidden effect .
In my city there is an old town who was declared in 1986 World Beautiful City .
When it comes to change , we can think of what way of our lives is still inconvenient that it can probably change .
Usual friends can often say " no " or let me down , but my family never does that .
Day when Anna decided to be a model was the most important in her life .
My most terrifying day was January 23rd , last year .
I believe that universities and colleges should spend adequate budget on academics as well as sports and social activities .
My city is a good example , too .
This is to say that most part of cars are not green , namely , current cars are not designed for generate a good impact in the environment .
Today many people prefer to travel by car than public transport because of the bad quality services , the bus , the trains are full and many times are until dirty and late .
He lives next to his family 's home .
Admittedly , the museum has its owm merits;it is easy to find on the map and always be emphazised as a symbol of a country .
And since then it 's the most pain .
Nevertheless , he is willing to do literary anything to save a patient 's live , although sometimes he goes too far .
Public sports are useful but sometimes inconvenient but more cheaper . You can get to know new people and different cultures .
On the other hand , the reading contrast this by mentioning disadvantages of alcohol .
And that was how Michael was at this moment .
I am interested in working at your summer camp program .
If the war or other dangerous threat the safety of country , they can not get help from other countries immediately .
Nowadys using public transport is considered to be the most convenient
We stood in the entrance and when the clock struck six there just appeared thousands of people .
But I do also like a movie called The game plan .
Everything was new to me and very exciting .
Anyway , to key to protect our living environment from being destroyed is to do it by we indivisuals step by step .
I think that there is n't for public transport because nowadays the people usually use your private car .
One of the most important reasons is precisily to take care of the environment .
I found ad about this job on the Internet
Finally , we enjoy in both ways in our life .
I am energetic , creative and reliable person .
I like singing because it can bring happiness .
if you to travel from city to city , public transport is cheaper than others .
The last time he remember he never invited anyone .
I agree with statement that Mark Twain is the greastest American writer .
He made an action which many other people could not .
God , save us from the evil .
Though being good enough , yet the growth of population and mobility do not tell the whole story .
How could I cut the rope ?
That was the best place I had ever been .
Public transport is helping people to get work on time and help to reduce pollution .
Its purpose is to promote and aid communication .
Some of the workers choosing to use public transport than their own cars .
Rarely we can see bicycles and scooters .
Your muscles begin more efficient and tonic and you have a lot of benefits for the body .
How are you ? I am fine .
Let 's think about how we treated our mother of nature before .
He shook his head and looked to the ceiling .
If I were you I would choose lifeguard because the lifeguard earn much money than the waiters .
He jumped and flapped and waved goodbye .
I am happy when I am with him .
She went with me and we talk about everything !
Unfortunately , in the last years television has lost this educational focus .
Sexual harassment may occur in a variety of circumstances - in workplaces , school and even your houses .
I have taken courses about First Aid Kit even I am doing a course as a personnel training for children with some delay and disability .
This house is characterized as containing large numbers of students who memorized the holy book of Quran .
The man spoke , " Welcome " .
They stop in a dressmaker market .
In another way of saying , this kind of education system should be included in the whole classes in all schools .
My favourite sport is chess because it is the only game for our mind .
They are capable of making you think they really know how to illusion someone .
Skills are also needed to get a job .
I am interested in applying in one to one class in order to study the most efficient I can .
But , family not always guarantees these functions neither friends .
Parents undoubtedly play an important role in our life .
It is an amazing city , it is really enjoy .
Shakespeare 's choice of words creates this .
Therefore , I prefer the boat to travel , instead of the train or the plane .
Now I wear different colours for example black , blue , grey and other .
They will use that information to cheat people 's money on the phone and you will trust them because of the correct personal information .
The boy did not do anything wrong .
I have been to Italy on holiday 3 years ago .
Fortunately , we managed to wake her up .
He also learned to how to build a good relationship with people through talking his fellows .
Uncle Tom was delighted and proud of me .
But most of teenagers are even more intelligent than adults or erderly people .
The story is about five friends that begin investigate a drug traffic happening inside at school .
And this story was told from the point of view of Leo Colston the lead character .
For example , it is no parking space required .
The idea to find a job that lasts thre month is great ..
For example , the builder needs physical strength to carry cements and bricks .
I have 1 older sister and 1 younger brother .
Internet also can be used to learn and to educate yourself , internet allow us to read books , magazines and short stories .
You wo n't regret to choose me to join your school !
However raising a child into a model citizen is extremely hard - working .
What I like mostly about all the different sections of riding horses is jumping .
I can share my knowledge about Finland and other countries .
Althought she tried to hide she has become a great and a famous model .
This story was shown a murder who completed the mission : killed everyone that he hated .
And expressions in their eyes are completely lacklustre , due to the deficiency of pupil .
In psychic way , if you are adapated forms relations and create new friends .
Currently we do usually less exercise than before because we use our car to go anywhere .
I can not tolerate their pride and prejudice anymore .
People ca n't dispense of cars these days .
I 'm thinking about our last trip .
So I think that in a short time , cars will take the place of the public transport .
Moreover , it is more approppiate to start constructing roads which were convenience for the majority .
Musically satisfying ' Happy in my heartache ' tells the story of tragic love .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you that my reply could be a great tip for your club this year .
I would be able to spend three months in a intensive course in spring .
Also , Seminars are other good sources to come up and listen to a new idea .
And then they just show products specially for children .
At last , only one person could be alive even those sacrificed had tried to escape this horrible result .
It has challenged me to adapt in a Universal approach to learning style back in my country .
I always try to find out reasons which take a lot of time .
I am interesting about natural ways how we could help in the local area .
Some of brands are excellent and really cool in my city .
You have not wait till it arrives and it is never late .
After using two times , problems started to appear .
I do yoga at least one hour every day .
In the past most of people did not too worry about their healthy .
Then College Film Club is just for you !
Secondly , farming also has contributed to migration .
Recently my country is starting to develop their resources , our renewable energy as wind , solar , hydropower , geothermal energy .
I could help in the kitchen , too .
City of different religions , different nationalities and " talking stones " is waiting for you .
But the plane had a delay of 20 minutes .
During the first months , he relationship between a mother and a child rapidly develops .
Varese has many attractions between which the lake , where I like to stay .
" I do n't know " , he answered confused .
Every student should attend and show their talent .
I saw the advertisement for a job to work this summer camp .
First of all , the historical period is the victorian age in France .
There is the possibility to set up your seat .
Weather forecast points out to prevent from violent storm , rain , snow , etc .
For example my parents hug me every day .
It 's what we call Mediterranean diet .
I ate a lot of fruit last year .
She was killed by his coldness .
Then we can notice that the narrator of the novel has different roles : Dickens 's narrator is omniscient , Emily 's one is part of the story itself and can change revealing characters ' perspectives .
However , the families that haven't a good communication haven't a good life .
But cricket is very famous and we know any cricketers .
' Excuse me ? '
yeah i think it 's statement is quite right because every person have car now a days .
It is important for children to get healthy meals , especially at the age of early teenage years .
Max did nt know what to do .
It is part of my dream that I wish I can have an invention to solve the problem in the future .
On the other hand , family is very important .
Gone are the days when tom mindlessly chased jerry .
I look forward to receiving a prompt reply .
The day of the competition and I came with others to show how I 'd practiced .
Firstly , I should say that life nowadays is unthinkable without science .
I moved to the UK from Turkey recently .
In fact , there are always plenty of people every day so I recommend ordering at least one week before going .
Also when it 's winter you can see something called the northern light .
Will my life be the same ?
everyone need to focus not only his education but also on others .
Not only in their individual parts , but also in the scenes they did together .
I opened it but there was nobody there !
The great view it provides is incredible .
It can be argued that public transport system has been loosing its popularity in many ways .
You told me that you have a shared folder with some learning tools to pass this exam .
Apart from my studies , last year I went a camp of my career where I was helping in the welcome for the new students of the career .
Teleplay are not just for fun , it can have a deep meaning , short story tells big deal , just like a useful book .
Just look at oil , nature takes millions of years to form it and we have almost ended it .
It 's recommend improving the facilities , falling in the price and opening every day until 10.00 p.m.
It is a shame that a person is working during many moths for after the people want enjoying his work without having to pay , it is literally to steal .
On the other hand , I would argue that poverty can be the major catalyst for illegality .
Subjects like passport , travel document , third country citizen , inhuman treatment or punishment will be the main criteria to the exam .
More people use public transport , less car on the road , you can walk and enjoy the city .
I think religion means a lot for people- especially polish people .
travelling by is convenient but for mass poeple public transport is very important and much need .
People are fighting as they can to only reach a calm life where everyone of them can be safe .
Your own and your community 's pockets ! ?
It is too early is n't ?
Public transport was create to release the traffic in big town centres and also to facilitate workers commute .
when my sisters are married they have one or tow children at most .I think the Egyption family became simller with the passage of time
In the past , people were used to live the instant without concerning about the future .
However , the surprise was still to come .
She had a feeling that her birthday wo n't be oridinary .
And if you want to have some fun also there are some fastivals that you might enjoy .
Further , this has extended to the secondary school .
FRIENDSHIP TODAY
Why are so many cool man in this world .
Tears ran down Rachel 's face .
On the other hand , this does not bring too many employment opportunities .
It will give you a lot of energy to study and do the things you love , while feeling and living healthy .
Sometimes , bus schedule does not suitable for me .
Also , I am do not get an intitation to an interview yet .
She made a note and wrote it down .
Our mind is always full of thoughts .
for example , using wind Energy or Solar Energy for electricity generation we will be used less fuel what is affected in emissions .
I am also very energetic , playful and creative .
I was asked to give some information about the concert to local pubs , restaurants etc .
Eventually the concert came off just perfectly !
Generally , shopping can be seen as enjoyable experience or just a usual need in order to survive .
There are some reasons , they are not , are as follows .
And how are your wife and kids holding up ?
Watching football is also a wonderful experience .
But it 's very important for your health .
And the government , pls do n't be so flabby with your own citizen .
I look forward to hearing from you soon
I look forward to hearing from you soon
I would like to enlighten I am available for the dates given , because I will have finished my degree course in June .
Friendship is one of the most valuable sentiments for people , especially for people who are in school days .
The aim today is to provide you with the description of a best friend .
It is really difficult to even think of .
Family education would be introduced to their kids .
The dissolution of the Communist party was concerned as the one of the features of the Soviet Union collapse .
People who attended the event had a wonderful time .
It 's more flexible for your travel plan .
They sometimes have to help their friends or even their parents in difficult tasks like psychical problems , give them tips .
body - communication , for example , will lose his importance . all the communication will be virtual , people will speak only on social networks .
It can lead to being touchy and gloomy .
What was inside was dangerous but fascinating .
What 's the time , then ?
Then comes the most important stage -- inspection .
Every mistake the famous make is charged against them .
However someone have to take care of them .
I score 56% in my last test .
Today friendships are take take take and very few stand the test of time .
There are huge positive effects of eating fast food .
Another thing that is important is the angle .
That could be end in constant arguments because of issues like intimacy and so on .
As a result , the city dwellers are now enjoying more healthy environment .
My ultimate aim is to continue my study .
The Entertainment section stays open after the mall closed .
I should present a little bit of history of it .
It keeps me fit , be healthy and full of energy .
And the Doctor Who , Sci - Fi TV series of BBC , exteriorized this terror from the Weeping Angels .
I lost my phone near street no 1 .
I started my hobby when I was a chid .
I hope this email finds you well !
It is faster and cleaner and much more comfortable .
I know that I have not wraithen it but I have a brother .
I like to consider myself an energetic person .
Constantly , I just walked like without terminal contest .
But if you are willing to live in happy life .
Those years I was very familiar with the smell of cheese burguers , BBQ pizzas and also kebabs .
So I practiced it day and night .
This outcome , along with several studies suggests reasonable use of connection media .
Firstly , to know what is priority is essential for achieving success .
[ 2 ] Wikipedia , New York City Subway
The palace is in the middle of the city , therefore , you may feel different mood between 19 century and this day .
First of all in the next 50 years the people 's life do n't resamble at all this .
I was born in 1996 on the 31 of January .
Since technology and standard of living are improved , many people left the traditional habit in using public transportation and choosing car for several reasons .
In the future , public transport will disappear .
He read about rites of pilgrimage and Kabaa .
He talks with her and plays with her .
I have been involved in summer camps with children from different background and diverse needs .
In school my first language was English .
Do you want to know why is the most enjoyable ?
How can we solve these problems ?
Sportswear , elegant clothes and of course accessories .
Also they can see how much language they can produse .
Another dream job for me would be an art - director .
The lecturer opposes this idea , as , in her point of view , medical experiments on animals are not to be taken .
Public transport is more useful and better than travelling by car .
Moreover she fired her without her mobile or money .
Let 's start to focus our attention at the pellet stove .
But this is an anachronism .
Teachers at school may improve more restrictions that make teenagers avoid using social networks in an extremely way .
I am available all summer so I could start to work whenever you would need to .
In order that if I were you , I would live well in the next 50 years .
Yep , it 's our weather .
First of all , let me introduce myself .
As I you have monetary that can cover your expenses on travel is totally different than if you have to work to cover your expense .
I used to work with young people in primary and secondary schools teaching Spanish language .
Whenever , he saw her , he felt pain .
New technologies are going to seize architecture .
Then you must visit my city , Milan .
There are three main reasons for supporting my idea .
One of vampires decides to return to high school .
When it comes to parties it is even more time consuming and irksome , than the ordinary one .
I expected that day during long time , it was my wedding 's day .
I reduce use of innecesary power at home , in other words , I turn on light that I need for the while i use it;I take less warm shower ; I hit only neccesary rooms .
Although we do n't realised we have to be conscious
The people put their rubbish in bags and threw it away near their houses .
I have noumerous reasons why I choose this sport as my favorite .
The housing situation for young people in my country
It could n't be him again ...
There is a little truth and possibility in it .
The question which is rising now should the employer hire women in some posts and excludes them from another , and so that for men .
Smiles and Sounds at Charity Fun Day
The Head - chef is an experienced and skillful man in his work .
Fortunately , I got an old machine gun .
To finish the lunch in Italy we eat fruit .
Moreover I am very active and hardworking as you request .
Patrick performances brilliantly the autopsy of Sam and finds out shocking information which leads the reader to the discovery of tragic and incidental deaths of neurological patients involving all at once doctors , nurses and patient 's relatives .
I swim from childhood . I feel enjoy while I am swimming .
Based on the Necessity people and government in this town together effectually takes care to the environment .
To be a fan of NFL team is very special experience .
That 's because there 're many scientific facts have been revealed .
I will mention some of the reasons why and when shopping can be unenjoyable .
Tanzawa et al . (
Young people are the most interested in fashion and computer games .
As the population grows , you will an increasing problem .
All fast food dishes are home - made .
Lately I could n't get enough sleep because of that .
At last , directors fade out the scenes flicking out the light bulb in basement for maximizing the threat of Weeping Angels !
Have you thought about learning English on the internet ?
Feeling horribly guilty , I fell asleep .
Although I was a cleaner , it was the best thing , that recently happened to me .
The number of people in the world is continually increased .
Everybody knows about the big problem that our society has , in terms of domestic abuse .
This is the result that something new has occurred and they want to collect information .
The low quality in products that young people eat and the little variety in eating habits could get things even worse .
The summer holiday was quite long , nearly two months .
There were not company cars.but now most people have cars .
This blue eyes , were much darker with insecurity , doubt and mystery .
My suggestion for the people who wants to start their hobby as badminton , firstly one need to know the rules and regulations of the play .
I want to ask some questions about the course .
I was born on friday the 13 , that 's funny .
Is a good restaurant in my town and I think you will like it .
- Sure . thank you for your advice .
When I finished my studies I will stay a long hours with children .
Of course , they can control that by complaining in a trial .
Could you tell me something about the staff ?
But I identify myself with his view of male and female relationship .
I do n't know is n't anwer .
The dream of every person that play this sport , as well as a hobby , is to make it a profession , but very few people did it .
There are not doubts : young people use technology much more easily than old people .
USA SUMMER CAMPS VACANT
Next I am going to Italy to see the PAPA.If you want I am going to Barcelona to go with you .
Let me know when you are coming .
This is the main reason why our environment is getting destoryed .
There are lot of campaigns going on globally .
However , I believe that their functionality will change .
Now let me tell you the scenario of public transport .
Interestingly , they find the way to help each other and not surprisingly finally they fall in love .
But what exactly makes spy stories so fascinating ?
There were also conflicts between western countries and the ISIS .
Firstly , you will be stronger , enduring .
Perhaps it is not their fault that this entire operation is so dysfuntional .
In conclusion I think that two relationship are different .
Peace and fulfilment of humankind 's potential .
Nowadays , sport is very important part our life .
It 's popular among young and old people .
He was so cynical to turn out to be very nasty and unpopolar .
Moreover , this would be advantageous both for hosting city and the tourists .
I never say goodbye to everyone because I will come back England .
And so the astronaut launched the escape pod and got home !
I hope for the next generations a better public service and an increasement of its use .
Probably , they want to go on holidays without recognise by other people , without giving autographs and taking photos .
Only if the government develop more technical property , pay more attention to the environment protection , such as build more trees and grass in the cities , and set a special low for those missed animals will help decrease the harm that the building project brings to us .
Going for a few food - stuffs always end with an hour in a line .
It is an important thing to love and like a lot what we practice , because that it 's the key .
Public transport , our cars or natural transport as a bike .
I hope I will see such future .
I come from Taoyuan Bade .
Thirdly , you will be more confident .
How are you ? have you something new to tell me ?
I need this course for my new job .
It depends on the individual , how to make use of the opportunity .
I prefer walk , because the bus , helicomter , metro is very polluting .
At the beginning , this was a much controversial decision .
Sometimes famous people want to be alone without any journalist .
Technological advancement is , after all , always something that drops us a bombshell , so rapid that we can never predict how far it can go .
Now a day , more and more people have their own car .
The overall rate of this movie is really high and it is a movie to remember forever .
Last but not least disadvantage against for doing the shopping , in the mall could prowl many pickpokets , because they could rob us .
The capitalist 's world make us increasingly become us updated .
- Can you show me some of them ?
Ibrahim Guirguis
Sidi has 24 years old and at least is Joni , who has only 15 years old .
A world where everybody is able to communicate in the same language - is that pure utopia or may it be a considerable idea ?
The most rated restaurant is " Mario 's Pizza " , where you can eat delicious pizza with the top you prefer .
Nevertheless , the police had found out the buried body .
Furthermore , I have worked in some important companies when I finished my degree in Journalism five years ago .
Speaking English is becoming essential for students and workers .
This is the best option for me .
But the problem is Russian drivers are not getting used to keep this line free .
But , that future is very far for our actual situation .
Not far from the town lies zoo .
I think that a complete sport is to swim for most of the people .
If we develop our different knowledge areas , we will achieve a better world .
Thomas is looking for a thrilling job .
As a student at a local school , i would like to say that to delete the field trips
And we had only water when we were thirsty .
He surfs three or four hours each day .
It 's better to talk British and force it on them .
I can make it a quick trip , too .
I have babysat children of different ages for the last 4 years and have found that so far very satisfying .
Now , young people like different kind of music , I think
I will look forward to hearing from you ,
We are always go to the cinema to watch a new one .
Television is an essential part in our life , we turn it on nearly everyday , since it can make life more interseting .
Moreover , there are many things to see and do here .
How could the course be improved ?
He started to bite his nails , restless .
Maybe car sharing is an innovative alternative to public transport .
The story actually takes place in a camp , and farmhouse , mysteriously
( taken from www.bulbs.com )
The problem is that there are a lot of swedish people that are razists .
My favourite soccer player is Frank Lampard .
Nevertheless , it cost a lot of problems and pollution .
You can find more informations also in the Internet .
They people of my city is working to keep it clean .
He can come with us in our trip .
on the walls of caves are sketches and paintings which show strange creatures and flying sauceres .
But he not be fixed that the man was a camera in his head and hi action was filmed .
Everyone eagerly waiting for the ambulance arrival but still not yet reached the reason is our college location is little far from the city that 's why it is getting late .
to teach children and adults in my country good English and I will avoid traditional education .
I hope to enjoy your trip in Seoul till you left our contury .
It swerved beautifully avoiding a tree and landed on the ground as softly as a butterfly .
This crime was happened about six years ago .
This system would also be connected to the Internet in a ' dual output port remote of information ' .
This topic has controversial opinion these days , That everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university .
Of course you are owner of your time and destinations , but it is enough ?
First , we thought that will be good to plant trees but it 's easier to make this .
I felt that I could lose my consciousness , that 's why I removed a braclet .
By now he will be able to answer himself many questions he 's been troubling with .
Hope that you follow my ideas and you like Spain
Not only the supermartket has these containers , they are also in the schools of the neighbourhood .
Sizdehbedar :
There is a lot outstanding views and worth visiting places but let me tell you about the Warriors Museum .
in addition more and more scientists agree with alien really exist
However , a car is something witch is from the person and he can do wathever he wants and find it in the same way he or she left it , and sometimes public sports are nt left in the best way .
We three counldn't sing together nor make laugh of Kim Kardashian .
Aranzazu .
HOW YOU CAN THE BEST LOOK AFTER YOUR ENVIRONMENT ?
Every holiday , the DGT , in Spain , make an awareness campaign to remember us the good manners when we are driving .
- I 've no problem with you !
- Ok , see you later then .
For these reasons , there will be the future for the public transport always .
A new person entered his life one day .
They feel our love towards them and they can exchange this love with us .
What are my plans for the future ?
So If we have our car , it is much easier than using transport .
Also I got trained my body and become more healthy .
I think is better the idea that the people to use public transportation instead of using private cars or motorcycles
I intend to write every day for practice my writing .
There is a lot of things to visit here .
" Tom . You are impolite .
I would recommend you to go there by car .
The bus network completes the public transport service .
No future for public transport , it is one of problem if that fact .
About the contamination , technology , obesity and other things around the world .
By Emma Aguirre Fuentes
In the big shopping centre your pocket can be stolen by pickpocket and you can lost a lot of money .
The enemy thinks that the passion to fund of Dan will demise , but she does n't count , that this love will be forever in his heart to fight with any adversity in his road .
Spend less time to pass .
Why everything look like more difficult and hard than were before ?
They think that big - name has marvellous life with no problems , no duties , or worries .
I usually watch television programs from Discovery Network at night .
So I was feeling very anxious that if the car fail in Aricha highway .
I wish Good lack to all Formula driver !
Peter has just got out by school and he realized that he 's overdue for his weekly guitar lesson .
Would you like me to help you ?
Another thing , at my home there are some rules : I and my brother tidy our room , we clean the bathroom when we use it , we ca n't eat in the sofà ..
What if it were my boss or clients and possibly something dreadful had happened to my job .
Anna feared , that she would have difficulties to cope up with the expectations .
Moreover , all of them choose watching TV against reading a book as first option .
so it become a fashion of using personal vehicle which create a lot of problem big one traffic problem .....
It is a friendly restaurant with a nice menu .
And you know how much I love your music .
They were more likely forced than having choosing it as an option .
Unfortunately we do n't separate rubbish .
We were very scared because car could crushed again at any moment .
The problem is choosing who to donate to .
In the end , large colleges admit largest number of students , so the student may do establishing friendships more from different nationalities , also it serves the community by graduating many students in various majors .
I 'll get you a surprise !
That is hardly surprising , it is close since 2005 .
it is impossible not to love doing sports activity on the fresh air .
Job satisfaction could make us to purchase perfection .
Would I be brave , determined ?
I hope to hear from you soon !
She checked the hour , then decided to call Michael .
In addition , the car is also more convenient in respect of the timing .
I can imagine how difficult it can be , although calm down you will find out different things to do and make friends as soon as possible .
Its a city in Poland strongly connected with a dramatichistory of our country .
We can work out our place in the world .
You can visit museums , roman monuments and also the cathedral .
Also , that make them do their jobs efficiently .
Then we went to the stadium Parc des Princes where we could not reach ,
Also , the automatic driving technology is already applied for trains .
Last week was a hard week for my wife .
I really do hope you get used to the neigborhood .
Trapagaran , environmentally friend
Every house in the village has three containers :
The age between 13 to 19 is the revolutionary one .
They are trying to reduce dependency on private vehicles and switching on public transport mode .
Ensuring there is colour on both sides , image is increased gently by a certain type of ink .
So she tried to calm him down .
If the sheets is in good quality , it will be cut into separate notes , packed and
I hope as those recounted by me in this mail and you feel a slight vibration from the concert .
it was 4 am and she had none answer .
I used to assess and treat many injured kids during my work journey in many hospitals .
Moreover , your brain gets oxygen and your body gets movement .
Sport is a part of men . I should not bypass this issue .
Similarly important is the fact that self driving cars are more saftier as no self driving cars .
An electric car is less harmful for the environment .
My name is Alexander Engström .
Therefore , when you are in a conversation , it is important to pay attention to execute with successful the unwritten rules of vocal patterns .
All surfaces are used in the better way possible .
Another ones which were bad sheets and bad bank notes from damaged apparently , would be destroyed securely .
Hi Alex!h How are you ? I heard that you went out with Mike !
It seems a tax was the excuse , but in my opinion this is a deceit .
1000 per month for K Murli and Rs .
Nowadays we watch the perfection of actors all over the world .
You should know it is called sexual harassment .
A lot of brands are generally good .
I likes the friendly students and helpful teachers .
Consequently , people prefer taking the car .
However , plane is most dangerous way to travel .
This country has a lot of history .
There are so many opportunities which card to lay and which colour is trump .
The baking of the meat is excellent .
I would like to share with you that my younger brother adores me , such as my other cousins whose ages remain as the required standard for going camping .
I try to do all the activities in class .
Some people desire to have a comfortable and pleasure journey with lower prices and the freedom of choosing their favorite accommodation .
Second , pour the hot water and eggs into the pan .
So you can bring light and waterproof clothes .
Furthermore , Government are enhancing the public transportation by services they are providing with lower cost . the fair for raid in public transportation are more less than the cost of driving the car at the same distance .
First , the bank notes are designed by consider , thinking from background colour , artwork , security issues .
But I think one thing that it is necessary before implementing this type of energies .
People do n't invest the money they spend on lottery .
I always go to sleep at 10 pm .
-Hey , do n't run Snow
I play football in my free time until now .
Furthermore , there are hazing acts at in the army .
Thomas is a small and fine fellow .
The queue you are standing in seems to be always the longest .
After freshman year I decided that I would always give my best effort .
Here I am studying dance and choreography .
we visited the Tower of London , Buckingham Palace and the wax museum .
Many people all around the world love football .
She sighed and went to have a shower .
These issues are so burning in developing countries .
back in 2010 , I traveled from Porto Alegre to Sao Paulo by car , a course that took 18 hours driving straight , surely very few people would consider it convenient .
A hour later we went to the London Eye .
WAYS TO TAKE CARE OF THE ENVIRONMENT
Window shopping through our high street is another option .
It would mean so much to me .
Suddenly the curtains opened , the show started !
I would like to tell you this experinece and how I enjoy working in there .
I will be wearing a white T - shirt and a yellow short .
Recently I have seen " Prisoners " , a great thriller .
My favourite soccer pitch is Hong Kong Stadium .
That would make them feel disabled .
People should not be complaining about anything even if they seem to be right .
The famous dishe of this restaurant is a huge hamburgure
First of all , the vanue itself was very crowded and parking almost impossible to find .
This experience is unbelievable and unforgettable to me .
When this will be going on self driving cars can be an enrichment for our life .
Celine knew at that moment that her world had fallen down .
As Lloyd Cohen ( the Director of the Worldwide Market Analysis ) said lottery play is not economically irrational and uninformed .
And I do n't know if they were change their mind in after the next fifty years .
These days , most of the people feel comfortable to travel through car and then they believe that public transport is not going to be sustain for longer time .
Living alone , I have to manage money well .
Can you ask yourself why we are here on earth to entertain or for what ?
I had to make one hundred invitation cards .
Nowadays , we are in the age of internet .
Science , I just remember I always liked a car race , but one of my frevourite is a Formula 1 .
Finally , football is like all sports very good for health .
Nowadays , people is wasting water instead of saving it .
She transcribed the letter with a lot of passion because it was evident that Juan was interested in Alison too .
Be assured that we take your concerns seriously .
I 'm 35 year old and lately I have been reading carefully all your letters .
In conclusion , sexual harassment may happen anywhere anytime by anyone .
I think I will go back next year .
It is very nice that you remembe me .
Nowadays , in order to have the best for the actual and following generations , there are international common ways for individuals to contribute to solving environmental problems .
it is An egyption movie acted by khaled aboelnaga and young actors . the actions of this film took place in Alexandrie city of Egypt and it talks about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they did n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
She looked around making faces at everyone around .
Can a TV programme get to entertain and educate at the same time ?
Out of the Mosque you can see Narrows streets with flowers and a Roman Bridge , it is a wonderful chance to have a relaxing prom .
Also , there are some performances after the fun fair .
One of the most recent outstanding innovations is robotics .
I was dressed in nice suit , going to this party .
Would we live better without technology ?
This time , you are on your own .
Also , it is nice to see polite and smile person .
Also I had also taken some self - defense lessons and a climbing course over the Alps .
Even there are lots of different possibilities and scholarship , not everydoby can allows they .
Many people argue about the use of TV .
Last century provided us countless opportunities to be more mobile .
Strange things happen in the house , they are " intruders " in the house , anne saw many times someone called victor who " play 's "
I thought that it 's the best sport ever .
However I am stopped last tragic developments in foreign countries .
There are a lot of studies that prove this .
Are we subconsciously educating ourselves ?
I adore his imagination because he is able to kidnap you on a cloud to a never never land .
Television and other things invented by tecnhology are part of our lifes .
I go to the garage to take my motorbike .
My brother 's child can very easy to get the toy which he required directly .
Next , you can head to Warsaw .
In conclusion , alcoholism is a serious problem for all the society .
That is the reason why its price is so low .
To summarize he arranged a meeting with the head of Ferrari and the media press because he would like to announce his defenitively
First of all , could you provide me information about the whole costs of the package ?
Unfortunately , deeper problems are linked to the difficulty that all the inhabitants respect those principles .
Abandoned by his friends .
Perhaps , they find ordinary sports too boring and unexciting .
Due to my background I believe to be the ideal person for the abovementioned job .
During the concert one boy forgot the text and began to improvise .
The above discussion suggests that people find private transport a safer , convenient and comfortable mode of travelling .
We think that will be convenient for him to apply the Postdoctor position during the period of military service .
If you like to go shopping , you will have multiple choices .
According , the boy or girl have strong muscles can let them look more attractive .
His delusions had drifted him away from her .
The US is really a busybody .
Public transport is and always will be very important for society .
Also you can be understood by other cultures .
For example , the speed of transportation can become faster , using green energy sources , improved the capacity of the public transportions and so on .
Doctors said she has become an anorexic .
That is because we do n't demonstrate interest in the problems of others .
There is also a possibility of buying unnecessary items .
We can see now international brands we are used to in the UK .
Hey , my name is Mathias .
Our state will have a large sum of money which is an invaluable source .
This goal push me forward to do better and better each time .
In Colombian some people have a high attitude about education but there are some others that have a very low attitude .
All the above mention crystallized my ambition in continuing higher education in a respected university .
His son was cured and in recovery room Tom visited him and they became friends .
She had allude the police before that she did n't have anything on the car .
The cars pollute big amounts of carbon dioxide , so that is the result of the grey skies of some cities like Madrid Beijing or New York are grey and this has to change .
The people already do not buy a CD , simply downloads it
Today , recycling used clothes are popular in Japan .
It was on Saturday morning around 10.30 .
I look forward to result released .
I enjoy all the time when I am there .
I could n't get in touch with him whatever I 'd done .
I hope your answer , I want to have a great holidays this year !
She talked to him:"How about you today ? " .
Nowadays my people have their own transport , for example they have cars .
My last argue with my family was yesterday
As I think , learning likes a weapon for any individual which enables him to be like a champion .
As a result , before private transportation reaches its pick for 21st century , it is more probably green mobility overlaps it and dominates in people choice .
as I worked in restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , how I gathered knowledge of basic cooking methods , hope it may helpful for now !
It is one main condition , rest of your dress are not important .
The never been noticed girl , Celine .
And this will cause diseases on the long run .
The portrait depicts a woman 's bust , with a distant landscape that is visible in the backdrop .
As he did when she was hurt .
House at the End of the Street
I was impressed because I ' ve never seen before such films .
If you get the intership , you can work as a real businessman .
I catch the bus and I waved my mum .
In my opinion classes with discussion are better .
My most recent dream is to ride on EuroVelo roads network .
But moment later she found a second letter about the same shape .
He came with him to the hospital and at last it was a success story .
I 'm living in Worcester one city from England .
In contrast to the girls interrogated who almost never play computer games the majority of the male students gamble for hours at leisure .
Here we have brand products and no name products .
Another very important thing is the travel time .
I haven't heard anything about you since then .
All thanks to new creations technologies , the innovation in the field of medicines and the new scientific discoveres .
Public transport is not only bus , but also plane and ferry .
I ca n't say expect that time more important in our life and we need to save it .
PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
To conclude , Brazil has deficiency of English speakers .
He has enemies who want to kill him .
1 ) Improve yourself in a gradual way .
We must reduce exam stress from high school students .
Once we went to Zacatecas .
Aisha is in his therties .
He made a video his friend and Mathieu .
I 'm from Mramorak .
To this , I think , it is a way which goes in the wrong direction .
Pompei - the destroyed city
Teaching English is common job for foreign people , moreover foreigner teacher is more likely than local teacher .
Michael is an editor in an international student magazine .
It keeps me amused for hours , too .
A couple 's coming slow on Frankstown with a girl by the hand , had to be the boy 's baby sister .
I ran to help them and also we called the ambulance .
My mobile no . is 1234567 .
It is amazing for you if you have enough money to pay for that tour .
We need to talk ' it said .
Journalists follow you and they do n't give you to live such as normal pupil .
Nowadays , many trees and grasses are damaged in many countries , lots of building are constricated .
The former does not need any explanation .
In fact , using technology without changing the contents would be a total failure .
My favourite team in Spain is Real Madrid , the best team .
A complicated ways from before , advance technologies made it easy and simple now , what else more could we expect next .
Therefore , he climbed a tree .
Tree planting campaign is carried out every year in cooperation with schools , community centres , etc .
Students start forgetting their physical games and got stuck in this internet world .They are giving so much time in using internet and they do only baseless gossips on social networking websites .
Then the main course is the barbacued meet that is very tender and tasty .
Two weeks later , Agatha meets John in the old palace 's undergrounds .
1 . Everyone spends much times to travel .
And you can never return to be the one you used to be .
However , the structure has been kept in order to visitors can enjoy this popular architecture 's jewel .
You have only choose what is the best for you .
All these reasons could be very bad for their health in the future .
Government should promote the good mode of transport in order to reduce carbon emission and people would be encouraging to go green .
If I am right continou reading this .
Then I helped with organization and selling tickets .
To know about other cultures and get new knowledge completly different from school .
It lower our blood pressure and release our stress .
1 . Is it possible to go without compression machine ?
I do n't believe in the friendship between the man and the woman .
That is one of the most secure ways to make sure , you will manage things on time without getting any redundant stress .
Everyone can find right his styles , so I recommend it .
First , I like the curriculum of the mechanical engineering master program .
So why bother loving someone who will never return that love back ?
You know that I love action film like this .
My favourite sport is a football soccer because it is the most popular on the worl .
are next couple days but Michael trying to stop me doing that because they never become my friends and i was bigger to do this things ;
It 's in Mohammed Fayed Street .
The people recycle the rubbish and they throw the rubbish at diferents containers .
She tried screaming and calling me who was sleeping peacefully beside at her .
The food is excellent and copious .
These days are educating themselves by watching the television .
Sometimes happens , that journalists write some silly gosspis about famous people , which are not true .
Perhaps you think it 's only a sport .
I was really surprised and happy , I would never have thought !
commuters prefer to travel by car compared to public transport .
Here is some advice to someone who is starting to this sport .
I have experience of arranging different sports activity for children .
In Extremadura , the second transport most used is the bus .
The last thriller I have watched is " True Detective " from HBO .
He hoped a lot of students could join this activity so he makes a rule which is if you take your friends ' writing you can get 1 dollar per writing .
It was a sunny day in Turin .
I am sure you have a fun time .
Sufficient to say , buying new items may be viewed as a waste of time .
I think some of you have already known this news .
Obviously , shopping for food is not equivalent to purchasing garments .
The health of teenagers : a latent problem
I will keep reading and listening to you .
The atmosphere at school is very creative .
Reading opens new horizons , made you imagine .
I like nor the dirty people neither the dirty places .
Therefore , the risks of the extinction to the Giant Pandas are real .
I have to go shopping , sorry .
However , that was not enough for me .
They should provide economic support to those who once lived in such destroyed lands and help them improve professional skills to look for good jobs .
Poland is really beautiful and you choose it wisely .
And you enjoy between your mates and live all those special moments with them .
As every year the twenty three of April , day of book , in my school all the student of fifth and sixth of primary do short story competition and the winner have a gift .
My height is 1.65 metres .
With humbly and respectfully , I would like to inform you and your organization that I am the appropriate candidate to you .
But we should n't make same mistakes .
In the oposit side , some people let the time control their life .
Suddenly we heard the sound of running footsteps .
They will serve us instead of human servant .
All of sudden , my phone rang .
friend is people who will be there in your hard time and happy time , and friend is always encourage you all things you choose in your life .
Who does not like watching movies ?
They do n't spend money in a good container .
I like managing the conversation in a group .
I am wearing a shirt , and a pair of trousers .
First of all , our generation youth people are more
It can also increase the retention of visual information .
Private transport is totally on your own , so there remains no tension of reaching a certain station on a specific time .
Writing task : Informal letter
I am willing to pay for postal charges .
I hope to hear from you soon .
I hope to hear from you soon .
I hope to hear from you soon .
I was all the day liying in the beach , talking with my friends and having an incredibly time with them .
Our life - 50 years from now
In general , I find it very boring and stressed .
transport workers by public transportation or by buses is more convenient for big companies .
There are also many historical building in my country .
I have been learning English for 10 years .
Nowdays , the number of endangered species has increased .
It was fantastic to take a part in that enterprise .
Imagine if everyone has individual cars , may we walk on the top of the car to meet neighbour by the next door .
In my eyes , windsurfing is special and indispensable to me .
Alameda de Osuna , Madrid
To conclude , marriage is a landmark of individual .
Public transport is very cheap then car and reduce traffic in the city .
A car is unbeatable for its flexibility .
It was a cloudy and cold October night .
This fact could keep the share of cars .
Not a good scene , is it ?
I did n't know anything at all .
Public activity is one of the most important thing .
There will evaluate viable solutions to the problem .
The reading speech of many , but with whom I identify most is caffeine before sleeping and eating heavy before bedtime .
On wednesday after that I go to my belly dance , I love , because I can express all my feelings .
But , is nuclear power good for us ?
It 's a nice beach with white sand and blue wather .
Tennis also gives a message of hope .
The historic context is recreated in the film .
There are several reasons of why people really enjoyed soccer so mush .
You do n't have to worry that you do n't arrive in time .
More vehicle on road that means more car accidents happening .
The past two weeks of Celine 's life changed in just a blink of eye .
Sometimes better is to visit some small shops than big centres .
Xem thêm
My mom has a kindergarden and I love helping her out .
It is my favourite place in Lublin .
We 'd been preparing to get married .
We can also say that there are other subjects more important than Physical Education , like Biology or History .
We are using up our vital resource in fast pace .
People can go anywhere they want to go from anywhere .
Also , the imperfection in formulation of specified article is stressed .
It is a fact that pollution is the one of the biggest concernment of advanced world .
the main problem is the bad service , for example , the drivers are not careful enough to drive , that might be unsafe for the users .
Sarah focused on her cellphone , and Stephan was listening music loudly with his MP3 .
I love my family but everybody staying and living in different place or country .
He got that mysterious look in his eyes .
From there we went to the mall and for last to Juanca 's house .
We had taken lunch , so we started a little walk .
Probable the only opportunity to change this will be to remark on people the opportunity to save energy and diminish the environment contamination if we use public transportation .
It may be for a day , a week , or a period of time .
Piotr Sobczak
yes we can say that for car is much convenient . but every person could not be afford car .
Things gradually improved day by day for a time and my reneues stated growing .
Have you made any progress on your website project ?
Today , Not many amphitheaters are standing .
I am wondering if you could help me by giving me some tips to write a perfect cv , or at least acceptable .
Of course , I told her , you 're dating Lisa now .
We discussed different topics , but mainly skating .
As soon as she entered the college gate everybody was smitten by her .
I like riding my bicycle in the streets .
I hope you will write back soon .
It is really hard to give some advice .
People can see a great Japanese view from there .
I also liked the Valley of the temples of Agrigento so much : it was amazing .
I think I will really like it here .
However , metros and buses are equipped with such a powerful heating systems that you forget about the cold .
This sentence and some others sound like if they were pronounced by a man …
His excited students began coming to their homes with such work , since they had only 4 days to perform their duties .
www.monroetraining.com
He just loves that girl that he would protect her from everything .
Take your time and make a plan .
We entered on a train , the ceiling was comfortable but everyone was objecting of the two men .
the party is the next week on Julias house , it is going to start at 5:00 pm
Unfortunately , I have not a favourite sport , although I 'd like to .
There are some images for my family on the wall .
Three words that I can describe myself with is :
It 's a big problem today .
The background music in the advertising is relaxed and excite .
In my point of view it is a good situation because the children can do different after school activities without moving too much .
you must to care your food and yours habits for you have a healthy body .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon
It to belong to the oldest and the biggest museums in eastern Poland .
I have a special interest in arts and crafts .
I felt nervous when the phone rang .
I felt nervous when the phone rang .
But people mostly do n't care about it .
The recenty years before , a family had only one car but today we have a car for ourselves .
Can you imagine a holiday on Mars ?
My favourite sport actually is walking;and I prefer walking in the morning and before sundown .
Then , I would make the next recommendation .
He could heard the thunders shouting with rage , a rage he wished he could feel again .
People enjoy it and do not think about its genre .
Since a century , many transports have been invented , therefore our lives become convenient .
The city have a lot traffic .
my name is marcos , I would like to apply for the job in the summer camp .
Owing a car certainly makes trips faster and easier .
It 's good for health and wellness .
You might spend time and money to learn a language .
We can not rob Peter to pay Paul .
I enjoy doing whatever kind of sport with my friends .
I started my work for the Ministry of Oil as senior translator in 2000 .
However , everything starts at the level of education that every human being receives .
We do that for work or to finally get a rest .
What would the possible advantages and disadvantages of a world wide spoken language be ?
Michael used to have a great time with his cousins , except with Tom .
For many years we , pupils , have been waiting for library .
The diagramm shows the development of 1998 to 2014 .
It was a really busy and hard period for her because her costumers of every part of the Earth wanted something new in the subject of art .
They came from different parts of the world .
I really think that , we should speak English .
Also , I have good sociable skills and can speak two languages , English and Spanish .
Next week I am going to prepare a similar party for my birthday .
How can I help the environment ?
People were changing during ages and in the same time they were building astonishment history .
You might make some good friends in this way .
The police let all the people go .
When I was fourteen years old , I win the championchip because in that period I swam as agonistic atlet .
Travelling to Japan through food !
However the extensive use of mobiles create lot of problems .
They sailed to France and England to plunder .
I do n't know why exactly .
For example there are a lot of countries where bike is the most main of transport , like Belgium .
A sheet includes 50 bank notes .
It is better to be alone than badly company .
Active Leisure Club 's gym is a modern built building .
He took his car and drove to the flat .
It makes people hard to search Trivago on the Internet .
Although it is not human , they also have feelings .
I expect a quick response from you .
Moreover , tennis can be seen as a metaphor of life .
The public transport in my city is very convenient .
Firstly , how can the college save energy ?
I have seen a TV program about homeless people .
In the historical river , there was a dynasty called Jin , during which this story took place .
To conclude with both sides , there are reasons to effect by people should or should not have to complete military service .
What amazing surprise!I was very emocional and was about to cry .
In the other hand , they should learn something new in the summer camp .
Dan was a runner of the big leagues that wanted to get the world wide record of the best time in 100 m .
I would strongly recommend the youth to take up this sport .
We can choose entertainment programs which are full of fun .
It might be such a frustrating sensation that you could n't want to go back again .
Peter 's career was similar to John 's .
I think that everyone must do all to be healthy .
I did not care to time I usually said this is my life and my time .
It all depends on the preference of the individuals .
I had expenience in cooking food and reception for parties / functions as I was a member of the School Parent Association of my kid 's school .
Besides , public transport will reduce traffice jam .
In this shopping center I bought new blue skirt .
Visitors can enter it and admire the inside .
Consequently , I had to leave .
• Does anyone feel like a victim ?
That was an unfair death .
I feel so free when I can fly over these obstacles .
Also the food should be provided from the company .
here are many fields of study that have not been discovered or researched by humans .
It was disturbing as kids were also included .
To this , we have to join the food and drinks ( who do n't think this ? ) .
The LOZA cat is Shirazi type .
Imagine you can programme your house to welcome you after a long day at work .
Some people think cooking themselves is too annoying or tired so they go out to eat .
Traditionally , we provide a firewood as a means of light at night for the sport .
Today cricket is very famous game in the world .
There are several type of transport in my town .
For example , how one person can be informed what happens to the other side of the world with only a click .
Farit Blokhin
But was later betrayed by his slave masters .
That exiting news open a new world of possibilities for the use of cars .
Also , I love it because it takes my mind off worries .
Peter looked at his whach and knew that he had to do something immediately .
That 's the descent way in reducing the adverse environmental impact and we are able to protect our Earth
This character has been his childhood nightmare .
I wo n't stand it any longer " - he thought .
Since that day , basketball became as my favourite sport .
other restaurants , and they let you eat the amount of main courses as you wish for the same price .
Report : How Budapest takes care of its environment ?
The message was posted on the website .
Football is my favorite sports In my life.so,I pay more attention to it than any other things you might think of .
If you go to south Morava , you should definitely try some vines or drink called Slivovice .
The tourists return to his country very scared .
Hi Alison , of course I 'll help you .
I agree that it 's not physical exercise but a mental one .
Besides , the phone did not work properly , it was imposible the use of it to call the receptionist .
Finally I hope to get my own business .
And then he realised it was an enourmous , lion .
You can go anywhere , anytime you want .
Fuji makes various beautiful sights and it always fascinates many people .
My favourite way to travel is by plane .
He was furious because the American do n't understand what he would say .
I hope by handing over the complete control to the class this would give them more chance to practice real world discussion and negation . techniques
From : yo@gmial.com
When it comes to bargain sale , on such period people start to behave like animals and rarely think reasonable .
He was sad to go to his office .
The present belief is that scientific approach will solve all the problems and do away with all difficulties .
I usually look after children and really enjoy it .
To pursue a career which is relevant to Mechanical field and expect myself to contribute my experiences and knowledge with enthusiasm and would love to take challenges and be yearning for the sense of accomplishment .
Last but not least , we should do everything with our conscience .
More students would be attracted when the school government made some changes in the learning system .
I went to a workshop about the light controlled synthesizer .
She said nothing and made herself invisible .
They spent time together and were very happy .
All of these make me feel nauseous .
My favourite website is Drive2.ru .
In conclusin , the whole part of process is an unreversed schedule .
They provide all sorts of funny local gadgets .
Alice had decided to return to her homeland .
Brand and good quality are not always the same .
It is the most popular sport in the world .
Well , I write to tell about my last summer .
Tennis is considered a very individualistic sport .
3- In the future people will concern more about energy , so transport will be more useful .
All of us have to choose some activity .
And in Tangerang , the air is polluted by Carbon dioxide and the other materials .
Also , you could learn to be more friendly .
Nowdays , the number of endangered species has increased .
Even if you learn a certain language and you do n't use it manually , you will simply forget it .
There are plenty of webs that can search people , meet them and chat with the same interests and commons you like .
Sometimes , these is able to change a person , making that she or he have a new perception of the world .
She prefer books , quiet places and that kind of thing , boring for elite in our school .
You are reading and thinking what will happen .
In Japan , which has one of the largest population over 60s , many senior people prefer to use buses to cars .
Whether it would be possible for you to increase the period of one topic studying ? for example 2 weeks for each unit ?
Some people probably think - there is not anything special- usual picture .
Recently , things have been disappearing from our homes .
Many thanks for your letter and your assetment for my invitation .
The police was chasing the bandit that stole a painting , but he escaped instantly .
Relational ( destroying peer acceptance and friendships )
I am a serious fan of environment .
do not do such a thing that would make you regret later"Henry said .
( So do n't need to hurry now . )
For example , if we completely relaying to use cars it is going to increase the gasoline uses .
So , how can we improve them ?
Maybe one of my best friends in the future .
Each day , the environment suffers different problems caused by the global warming and human are the unique guilty of this issue .
- Why are you in such a hurry ?
And also , after the river , the road in the city is also contaminated by the garbage .
We do n't want your attention !
But it can be also really relaxing and pleasant .
In Morning , waste collection truck came and it take these waste .
There are many reasons why I enjoy football .
I 'll make them love me .
Students need to have an active participation in discussion with their peers .
Last year I was working every friday and sunday at a ski camp in la masella .
To not to lose the track I am going to give review .
I would like to make the following recommendations :
Nowadays , children spend more time at home than before .
it is true the car is more confortable , but it uses a lot of mineral recurses like petrol wich can contaminate the ambient .
I also like to play baseball , too .
I hope it will be every day because , I wrote that , I 'm looking forward to learn English !
There is a little courtyard with three tables .
It is easy to know facts from people around you .
Even that , we start to talk more and more , until we were what we are nowadays .
Give my love to your family .
The changes on television are evident , it could be because the society are changing too .
But in 3 weeks I 'm free .
Nowadays , many people prefer owing a car more than using public transport .
As you can see , my summer was great .
I am quite good at organising sport events and games .
Every time when I felt weak about my English he supported me like no one else .
We saw " if I stay " and I loved it .
They try to make a film which explains how Christoph Colomb conquered to America and mention about what Colomb 's aims were .
Some people live very far from the bus stop .
That is why I love pets .
I follow the address and when I get there it appears to be an abandon house .
In the last season we reached the second place .
In addition to this , personally I am really helpful , exciting , cheerful and engaged .
My all - time favourite sport is basketball .
In Korea , we usually ues Chopsticks when we eat Meal ald spoon as well .
Give my regards to your family .
For instance , staying in traffic jams always steals much our precious time .
I do not have a quick answer , but I can slide some ideas .
I work in a coffee last year in my country . I can work long time .
I appreciate also that it is located near to the housing estate .
Finally is the loss of traditional meals .
Technology wo n't have been advanced enough by that time .
For example , the chanel '' Animal Planet '' has a lot of informations of animals and how it lives .
Secondly , consuming car is not a normal thing for part of developing or undeveloped country .
My name is Claudia , I 'm born in Sweden .
I can teach kids recipes that they can cook .
It suddenly broke apart , and all the beads dropped on the floor .
It was from the most dangerous and terrifyng gang of the village .
The streets look all new and improved .
They seem to have great chemistry between them .
the roads are chock a block.everybody has a private car .
I walked forwards and stared at the shop keeper .
Sometimes , if there is a spokesperson in an advertisement , the focus of audience maybe shifts from the product to the spokesperson .
What is my favourite kind of sport ?
Therefore , I suggest you to work during your travelling time .
The technology has changed us much faster and more dramatic than we used to think .
You can drive wherever and whenever you want .
In the other hand , public transport system can reduce the amount of private cars in the busy area , like bus and tram .
It demonstrate the effort was done in the last 10 years it was over because the new political position of the major .
You will forget about doctors and expensive medicine .
- I 'm just late riser person .
In other words , keeping pets is beneficial to children in terms of their personality development .
So wear comfortable clothes and a good trainers .
Tom was so happy because he finally won the prize .
The public pool is near my house .
Then , the public transport is needed to avoid more problems in the atmosphere and save the planet .
On the other hand , we can stuck with different problems while travelling by car .
It was pretty sure that a lot of work had been waiting for me ahead .
But finally I have decided to vote for one of them .
People not even care about safety parameters while driving on road .
LOZAH is four months old .
I am writing you because I am interested in the job of summer camps .
The number of these people is increasing not just in the developing countries but all over the world .
The reason is they are tired of using public transport and they would get earlier to everywhere .
For this reason , I believe that they have content more reliable .
there are a lot of accidents because many people driving so fast .
I look forward for new challenges and tasks .
We can help our environment to be healthier !
but when comparing my family with my father 's family .
There are plenty of entertainment programs which just consume our time with no other benefits .
Earlier people used to buses , taxes , autos for reaching offices , schools , colleges , shopping etc .
About 10 minutes later they started to get bored , they heard a girl calling they to enter the plane .
It has turn out to be very handy .
They will always love you base on your looks then personality .
No , not at all !
Please , let everybody take their own responsibility !
Let 's start by watching a video .
A woman 's voice answered .
Reading is one of the most important habits .
They grabbed the body and soaked him on fuel .
However he never has thought in this like a problem .
Actually there are two kinds of sports .
Soccer is an interesting sport but we need to be careful .
Curiosly the Club is closed On Saturday evenings and on Sunday .
People often discuss if TV viewing is useful for the education .
Elena could n't be happier with the situation .
I have always been really good at English .
He is proud , it 's not a good way .
I am looking forward to your response .
It 's more common eat pizza .
First of all it 's a man sport , simple and simultaneously complicated .
In total they were 32 pelople , a white kittie and a dog .
But truth was that she was jealous .
I am interested in applying for this position .
The hottest issue nowadays is the global warming .
Next month , I going to go to our town .
There are mobile phone which has a face to face communication ; the transportation driven by solar cell energy .
I am looking forward to your reply .
Secondly , It was surprising to evidence an absence of Internet access in the computer room .
Furthermore , I do not mind working long hours .
I wish you luck and a good experience .
His selfishness stood in the way .
The main attraction in Córdoba is the Mosque , it is a building where are mixed arabic and catholic elements .
Public transport has been discussed enough but there is always space for further discussion .
- Last year there was a campage for renewing and repairing the most attractive parts of the village .
Doing sports or just watching them ?
My family members are very helpful and supportive .
I enclose my CV for your information .
In fact , it is an important decision .
Shopping without purchasing anything tends to be exhausting .
One evening , it was a blistering hot day that I still should attended , one of my friends , a wedding ceremony .
Recently works Google , a multi - million dollar company , who is not only famous for search engines on self - driving cars .
Write and tell me about the magazines you enjoy reading .
give those people one good international festival .
Let 's turn to the arguments against .
This action would decrease the gas emitted to the environment .
Furthermore , travelling by car is a very comfortable way of transport .
Besides , abortion could also be considered in case of impregnation as a result of sexual abuse .
Here are some of my solutions for this issue .
Next , make sure the metal plates worked well .
In that time I did not know nobody , just one .
But they did n't do that much after knowing this truth .
I wish to become a professional football player .
Few mounts ago I read Miserable by Victor Hugo , I read this book when I was in high school but I haven't think on the subject .
The periodic move of minute hand compared to smooth path of seconds hand .
Many people choose to go travelling to relax .
he love music so much that he turn down other courses just concentrating in music .
As to enhance my knowledge , I tried to grab chance to bring up my English level .
One of them which includes all interests is Afi Palace Cotroceni .
They should reserve the energy by using bus instead of using their own cars .
At that time Kate was working in an international advertising office .
First place , my country 's politics is bad , and people have not work .
At first you have to know that the technical term for this is " mobile banking " .
Suddenly , shadow covers him and crazy dog falls on the ground and dies .
Thank you once again that we were allowed to give our suggestions for you wonderful place .
I located the instantly because I recognize their hats .
Thanks for your e - mail and photos !
You will understand that people here and there are very different and styles of their lives are dissimilar .
4 ) Do you have experience in international business ?
However , others claim that it is vital for societies and next generations .
He was sweating , looking at people in a confusing way .
She works at a language school in local University .
I look forward to receiving your answer .
And in the afternoon we went to the Center Parc of the pool .
I 'm the oldest of 4 sons .
I think it is the best one too .
It will be my great pleasure to bond with you and your organization .
He lives in the Netherlands for about a year .
I recently saw a film called Passengers .
Running connects me to my inner Goddess .
Dear Mrs. Weber and Mrs. Schnappauf ,
Place it in the most visible and strategical point in your room and stick up to it .
In few decade people earnings and living style have also changed .
The city began to take care of the environment only in the last ten years when the studies created technologies for not produce pollution .
Little by little , he grew interest in working .
Firstly , I tried with a rental bike in the area of Aznalcazar .
He wondered how he would react next time .
I wore a beautiful dress and I well brushed .
Not only the growing impervious surfaces , but also the " false " green infrastructure contributes to it .
To begin with , evidently , technological progress has noticeably enhanced individuals'quality of lives , controbuting to the economic growth of numerous nations .
I started with three kilometers for one jog .
However , my grammar is not that bad .
I 've got one brother , Francis .
Many people today go in for extreme sports .
In a flash of an eye , the police came .
What could I say about the characters ?
Besides I was not sure whether I should take it up .
We were playing everyday football in the school and I was the best .
After a week we went home .
As a result , the quality would be guaranteed .
Every students were interested in the information and they asked a lot of explanations .
I hope I 've helped you !
He put the Gambia on the world map .
I strongly think that it is necessary to make people conscious about the importance of save the planet .
I am writing to you with concern about the U - turns your party have made in broke promises .
Government build more roads and more families are able to afford cars .
I would be completely happy to provide you with some accommodation while you stay in my country .
These offer a camping , fishing , cruising , and taking a hot spring bathing with a nice view .
As a result , job satisfaction is a good way to get better paid .
I wish I could do it again .
Thirdly , the author considers such tests to keep animal suffering to a minimum .
Firstly , public transport should be made free .
Finally , 7% could be explained for other reasons .
There were some people who started playing Rock songs .
Serena Palerma
Improving my English language it 's the best way to apply for a job .
Always fight if you want .
friend is also be there when you sad and worse time . there is not ex'friend so respect your friend and they will more respect to you .
It 's placed in Rosario , Argentina .
I am a responsible person who can cope in crisis .
Without it many people will have many difficult to go somewhere or to return home .
It was great you hear from you .
At last we decided to go to a restaurant near the school .
AIESEC 's Approach
First I want to say is that people use the car like luxury objet , not as transport machine .
I look forward to hearing your response .
Students are taught by the highly qualified staff .
The weekends are a perfect time for this .
A crazy idea came to his mind .
About 9 degrees , I guess .
So I did n't mind working against time and long hours .
So Jenny , here are my two favourites film stars .
The town is covered with more than thirty lines most of them with a duplicate performing the same path on the opposite direction .
Also the food I make by myself is much healthier .
so starting from powders to chemicals , all are in public eye .
If you 'd like we could get the recommendations from our previous landlords .
Though , it will affect on the environment in a good way .
Undercontrary , on a tennis match you need just one , does n't matter if man or woman .
He was kind and spoke with Mary .
I like all from pop , electronic , hip hop to calm music .
Mention 3 things we should do to sleep better and be healthy as well , which will discuss below .
In the centre city we can go to other shopping center such as : " Passage",Europe","Scorpion".Last weekends we visited Passage .
But it is changed recently , I fell down and hurt my knee , so that I can not drive by myself .
Lucy Keyes was the last thriller I 've seen .
He needed to arrive at the Train Station on time .
I have gained a lot from these experiences .
Alice had looked on confusion as the woman had been walking away .
The Colosseum is a quite tall structure .
We are getting nervous because we are responsible not only for our life but other people , too .
Moreover , I love children , that is why I am kind and friendly person .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
I was needed practice in speaking so much , so it was what the doctor ordered !
The company will ensure that , the low negative environmental impact due to the production process .
Furthermore , they will be ecological , the main reason using renewable sources of energy .
I work as a teacher for ten years .
It was massive materials on a specific issue , but I attempted my best to catch its notion that made me recognize any unmentioned points .
For that , is a pleasure speak about them !
Bydgoszcz is my family city and destination of this journey .
What do you think of my plan ?
Fuji , there are five beautiful lakes and many hot springs .
My brother told me when his baby should be feed when they walked on the street .
It is exactly the same for driving cars .
My dad took even a photo of us with him .
And we can see that controlling traffic is not going out of the hands .
It is believed that the most important one of the problem is culture barrier .
One of the bosses in charge of such thing .
When we ask ourselves , how can we take care of the environment ?
Because of that , if you want , I will send you a recommendation letter from my boss in that camp .
Therefore I want to say a special thanksgiving to our teacher .
In order to this happen , looking out for new social networking sites designed are particular goals .
The ultimate aim is to get a feedback for service - improvement purpose .
Further to the trade fair of the last week where we were a pleasure to meet you and we were talking about you courses .
It eats chicken , tuna , milk and cheese .
I was researching some definitions of cultural literacy .
Compared to plane , train is relatively safe because it can move only on the land .
public transport will be hardly replaced by travelling by car .
Moreover , working as a team for researching , let researchers gain lots of research benefits .
Compared with professional teachers , they have specific teaching abilities .
The game starts with dancing and singing .
It was strange because I never went to the sports .
The cottage was really fine , with a fantastic view of the beach .
It 's a good exercise to make one fit and easy to play .
Sometimes I felt lonely , that I meant .
However , with that being said , in my opinion , there is still a lot of future for public transport .
The others is a film that is based on a family that lives in a house and in this where many strangers things happen .
Do you know " Steam " ?
It supposes that you can enjoy the show .
How much are the costs and how often will we have the course ?
Instead of cycling in winter . I would n't do it because according to my opinion it is quite dangerous .
Air pollution is the main causes for global warming .
Do you want to go out ?
I would like to see you soon .
In modern world , stress always disturb our life .
I felt cold sweat on my back .
Vacation is what we have waited for three long months of hard studies , homework , tests and more .
I kept trying to know more about skating .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
I started to play it when I was twuelve years old and currently I still love this sport .
We will go to any place by plane .
Universities are supposed to give their students information about the skills that a work involves .But sometimes universities gives them more theoretical formations instead of practical formation which enterprises are searching .
Waiters being happy to help anyway they can and working hard enough to reach their full potential so they can relish you .
Thank you very much for considering my application for candidacy .
I think that for the public transport there is a future , because over time the gasoline prices and the value of the reparations of the vehicles increase .
I instantly wanted to be her friend .
The reason is that in my city there are a lot of shopping facilities good for tourists .
We have developed technology to make our lives easier .
Providing that we care the environment .
he must study in a different country and they not see each other for months .
Television can educate through content whose main purpose at first was entertaining .
Finally , I want to thank you for your attention and I hope to have a future contact soon .
There are lots of guns on the wall .
I am not a native speaker of English but I wish that I will be one day .
Fuji will continue to give wonderful impression to many people forever .
Everyone should think not just about his benefit , but about others .
You lost your flight and it was a business trip!You're going to get fired ! "
They do not think in money or fame , simply they enjoy working .
All village they have a bus - stop where the bus stop to take or leave passengers .
Unlike his wife respect and love his mother and never complain to her husband these bad situations .
Moreover , people about mid 's 30 years old , they do not usually leave their country and try to get new language from are living .
Some people do n't have any conscience of the need of good environment .
She could n't open mouth , say anything at all .
The next days I did n't do much .
The third very important thing is trust .
That is why many business men want to win in this competition , so they created so many bargain activities , like if you check into places , you will buy one get one free .
But it has been raining for four days .
As we can see modernization is causing damge in rivers and seas .
For example , in our country , " Shinkansen " which measns burrett train is famous and very fast .
She even could not yell a word , just looked at him disappointedly .
Apart from that , we also need to design security issues .
During the concert we were standing on the backstage .
Nowadays internet represents the whole knowledge that people have collected over the centures .
" he said taking a pill . "
And I think that I am that because I watch a lot of tv - shows on English
It is very important and very enjoyable game .
Half an hour after I arrived home .
Madrid has many parks and many trees .
At this point , someone invites sing to me , after school , he / she and I went to dinner and went to sing .
I am going to miss my family .
Nowadays there are many teenagers who lack their own identity .
You just surely have to work your fingers to the bones but it 's definitely worth .
In conclusion , usage of public transportation is reducing day by day .
so , there will be a future for public transport because of its own benefits or advantages to human society .
I possess very good knowledge of page layout software .
It is located in Yucatan , Mexico .
This town is a very strict town .
If I have the opportunity to help you in your organization , please no doubt that I will certainly do so .
Also we have recycle bins for paper and glass .
Dear Jo , I do n't know if your is a good idea .
Not until that Stephan found that Sarah was lost did he call Sarah .
In many cases , volunteers are crucial to help maintain life , as when meals are delivered to homebound people .
We meet near fast food and after that we decide where to go .
On my opinion sometimes stars ' behaviour is very suprising .
It 's almost a love triangle !
Michael was , at this moment , angry .
In my opinion is a few advantage of shopiing .
On the contrary , I 'm just getting used to look up every day on my computer .
First of all , transport is the most relevant carbon dioxide 's emitter .
It spread massively in much of the world and has many negative impacts of all aspects .
There you can find almost everything you want .
When study hard at the high school you will be
Jackson stopped walking and get distracted by a beautiful dog , Michael continued on his way unaware Jackson was n't following him .
So I have found a job " .
I considerer that Granada score 6.5 of 10 about taking care of envirnoment .
Airplanes are the best way to travel through long distances .
This is movie is based on racial humor .
Hasselt is famous for its great shopping accommodation .
Kind regards , The Cornish Drama Club . "
These architecture also represents the culture of China .
So some counties would not force the people to join military .
Despite that it is held by the majority of countries .
She picked me up to her house .
Now I am working as a jornalist at National Radio .
Kate was crying a lot but Michael run away .
I consider the best option to buy a car so we can feel safe .
Human beings need more natural environment to live better and to ensure the living qualities .
He usually avoids me in this kind situation .
My scientific work was published in seven scientific articles .
Also reflects a comparison of Lucy 's family , and characters
As soon as the languages I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and Germany fluenly and recenly I have passed the First certificate in English .
Cooking is part of my daily work , which is also one of my hobbies .
He had been stuck in this blizzard for a lot of time .
Governments are responsible for changing this problems to achieve the harmony between man , nature and animals .
Then , researchers knew that Pal Enger , art - thief more popular in Norway , was who stolen the painting .
Adolescent has always been the hardest part throughout anybody 's whole life ..
In my town we protect the Environment Around us :
Learning not only means to study in schools , universities , etc .
this episode was his sister 's birthday , " Now it is the suitable moment to announce her about surprise " peter said .
We were stopped on the side and looked for solution .
Advertising is creative combinations of sounds , images and words .
But , the future will change this situation .
It is the fastest and the most comfortable one .
Finally , he has championed moving Celulosas factory to a safer place .
This can help heauthy the people and city will stay most clean .
There is a lot that you can do ...
It 's a price of being famous .
People will look at your figure enviously .
It is a place where you can always find loads of tourists and foreigners .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I look forward to hearing from you .
I look forward to hearing from you .
The art of making a good impression .
Our priority is good preparation for secondary school certificate .
I often play this with my friend in the evening .
We both enjoy being with a few close friends .
The bus would not leave the passengers where they want to go , because they have to leave them in the bus - stop .
I hope to hear back from you ,
No tears or sorrys would make a less culprit .
First , it costs a lot .
About my personality , I am outgoing and enthusiastic .
Earn while you learn Spanish and become more independent !
I must be honest for a while .
Preserving , exploring the trails and beaches , encouraging extremist sports are what we believe that attractives to tourists of this wonderful seaside city are .
They always were so friendly , and so kind ... that was strange image that end But that was the sad reality .
Furthermore , I am cheerful , energetic , and I am doing well with kids .
They enjoyed being the"boss " and giving telling other students what to do .
The goal is to get the ball inside the opponents net with your foot only .
I am a hardworking and a committed person in all aspects .
Abortion is a controversial issue in our society today .
She wondered who could make such a pleasant surprise .
Then it all dawned on me .
I literally feel myself stronger after every time I run .
First , it is more convenient .
I am looking for an organizational development course .
He remembered that he still had n't studied for his chemestry test .
Firstly , I describe how I can help my local environment and what I do useful for item .
There was a island that each year in some moth come a hurricane this island is located in a equator then the people went to this island currently but they ca n't went when the hurricane is there because they can dead in the hurricane .
For me it is like a meditation . I can think about everything , or nothing .
When we need to punish it we spreed some drops of water at its face .
In conclusion , it 's very important to learn the concept than saying something stupid ....
However , this great improvement still holds a few weaknesses .
people , espicially grnerator 's owner , start using Canaopies , using very long pipes to get rid off as possible as they can from the polution .
Also , the street where it has a lot of traffic .
For those reasons and some others I think that public transport must be there for many years .
I every feel very well after come back the gym .
I also work in summer as a waitress in a terrace .
He had decided not use the violence in this kind of movements , because he was concentrated about fought against the Vietnam War and poverty .
Norfolk AB51 8JK
Some of the information was collected on the shops , and on the web .
Public transport also reduces the cars ' pollution and saves fuel .
There is not special criteria such a tall and strong muscle or gender .
I hope to hear from you soon ,
The Great Wall is located in the north of Beijing .
The crystal clear and mild sun is very favorite of mine .
They prefer classes with lecture and almost no discussion .
As I think there is no channel that you ca n't learn form it .
But , one day day , Mia think that she could do a test .
My name is Facundo Mendoza .
Michael was very nervous and confused because he did n't understand anything .
What do you think I should do ?
Finally , you can think it will be a green , peaceful enjoyable world .
I 'm an energetic and a responsible person .
He is in 5º. He is going to Clara Jackson High school .
I asked myself If I had had the possibility of change the world , I would have tried to do all that in your hands .
From : Branislava Sidorov
It was just a matter of balance .
overall , in both years , the amount of earnings allocation predominantly from Housing then followed by food / clothes .
But it made my legs sore every night .
Many factories follwing the regulations and not draining the harmful wastage in the water .
Sink in apple of his eye .
Around 9 - 10 million people .
However , they become more and more popular even among the beginners .
Home of the future will be definitely different from those in which we live currently .
It became possible for me to run easily .
A game of gentlemen is my favourite game , yes I mean Cricket .
It let people to know that they are important or powerful .
Some advantages are given in the following passage .
Then Sergio left Mycrosoft , created his own website which gave him enough money and travelled wherever he want .
I did n't decide as yet where I will spend the summer .
Prefer to use cars instead of public transport .
The screen will be no longer required for the computers and TV .
From : Joonas Åberg
Generally , celebrities deserve to have a private life .
During a day I have lunch which is from can or order some junky food .
Car travelling makes people feel free during the journey .
I do n't have a favorite sport .
He decided to take the stairs and so he did .
I look forward to hear from you .
Another point is that we can meet more friends or visit our family if we have more free time and that is allways good .
Unfortunately , she could no longer play .
Therefore , the public transportation has its own means of existence , and there is a future for public transportation .
The waitresses are helpful and smiling .
I have recently bought an electric car in sustitution of my traditional car .
but it is n't true , in the A league in Italy we have different players not very tall
Other resedential areas , using their potentialsto maintain the environment by planting trees , roses , having nemourse green spaces .
We are so small a number , but that does not hinder us to hold any school program and activity at its best .
How are you ? I am fine ,
Without a pleasant place to live in , they are confronting extinction .
The food in this restaurant is very good and has a subnormal size because it is much bigger than the useful food .
I can speak English , Russian and Ukrainian .
They needed someone who looked important or rich .
My trust in futuric technology is so enormous that I hope there are going to be a new ecological and cheaper ways to travelling around our world .
Is It look like your old house or it is bigger than this ?
Impregnation as a result of sexual abuse is not uncommon and in these cases abortion should be a choice .
These panels are used to bring the light of the sun to produce electricity .
Thank you for sending me the correct form of my writing and I am really appreciate that very much .
My best friend is called Christoph .
But they do n't know the big problem with the pollution .
Transportation is very important in cities , villages as well as in sub - lines .
Yoga is a very convenient sport .
When I step on the surfing board , all my vexation and misgiving were gone .
She is only a human being ! "
Moreover , i 'm loves music , i 'm often listen to pop music , R and B , and little Rap .
Only in the big city , people use public transport to will not be traffic .
I welcome the opportunity to meet with you and look forward to hearing from you .
Luckily , we are in touch .
I went to the beach , we loved .
Until now all is normal in his life .
Travelling by car is only convenient in a restricted sense while public transport is overall more convenient .
It is a very useful experience in many ways .
You can walk whenever and wherever you like .
We just wait until others clean the streets .
The dark clouds above the sky , full of life , seemed to mock his little desire to live .
In my opinion , public transport is secured in the future .
It smelld terrific , and teasted so good .
Recently , I had worked babysitting since one year in a school .
These kinds of sports have some advantages and disadvantages .
Every day we spent time on the beach and across the sea .
The art of writing letters along with painting colorful mandalas were taught by her grandmother .
Sometimes private transports is cheaper if you go is other people .
In present times it is very common to see people learning courses through a computer .
Parents work outside the home all day .
I am going to talk about my country .
My eyes instantaneously start to hurt .
Fifty minutes passed , when my body no longer was sore .
It has also become a vital thing for life .
UNFORGETTABLE FRIEND
We have it as take away or we go in some pizzeria .
There should be both indoor and outdoor pools .
To illustrate , people should cooperation To intervene to bring peace to the world to stop the war in many areas like what United Nations doing .
You are not tied to the timetable of the public transport .
We must come to library to pay a lot of time finding information we need on the shelves the earlier time .
In the school set up a workshop to tell with students important environment to our live .
I used my car every day however few a few I started to take public transport for I can to save up money
On the top of the steps is the inspectation by hands , that is to say , they should be separated into well - qualified ones , which are to be cut into bank notes , and delivered to the banks and the bad ones which ca n't be utilited are fired definitely at the last stage .
I'm very excited because of you are here .
If I am hungry , I could order some delicious foods online .
Also , the televisin programmes that they watch are the reality show .
building our house we make the most important place for us .
All amenities that is necessary for your daily life such as fantastic school with perfect teachers and modern building is found .
Everything seems so beautiful in the shops !
There were few buses and they would take to long , therefore waiting time was quite high .
As they were talking , Anna 's best friends came up .
She said that she would go out in five minutes .
Another good idea is to use bicycles .
However , as time went by , improvement has been made in public transport .
Make sure to play smoothly for the first time and make sure to use a football shoe when you 're playing in the field .
Whatever i decided to said yes and prepared myself to take care of her .
Here are some facts to support my view .
No one can deny how much sport is very important to our life health .
I said that I will help you in applying oil she said do you know how to apply .
I call this mistake with " Du " .
We will have furniture that do not stain .
I would be fantastic to spend this summer in the USA .
I manage risky projects and eventually I get high revenues .
On the other hand , there are some arguments for sport specially volleyball .
To sum up , public transport still have their own values .
Maybe you think of television as a waste of money .
The other reason why I like practising football is because it is a collective sport .
I have two pets , a dog and a bird .
It was built in twelfth century .
He wins two national championships and also an important european competition .
I would recommend you to improve your standard and quality of service and to draw your attention to the stuff in your reception .
It 's easy , beautiful language .
People almost from all over the world attends to participate in it .
Artifitual Intelligent is one of the best way , we can switch drivers to these vehicles .
I am writing to complain about the cafe - Lunch menu .
Take an example for this , some teenagers drink detox water instead of meals for three or four days in order to lose weight quickly .
My job was to find the company 's financial statement that is corresponding to the news report .
What"s more , the notes will also be printed onb security issues .
Why I enjoy my favouite sport ?
The World Cup is happening now in my country Brazil .
Where as the private means such as cars and small planes are known as the most expensive .
Her words of wisdom left Peter stunned .
I look forward to your positive response .
Due to this reason , Taiwanese parents do not want their kids to start behind others , thus , many kindergartens started to teach children English .
I hope that I helped you and see you soon .
It 's economically and practically is more expensive .
Besides , I think I would be a good worker for you because I know cooking and how I look after the children .
This attitude is more based on the backgrounds of the people rather than the system itself .
This gives me wide knowledge in petroleum jargons that open endless horizons of experience and how to work on developing my knowledge and skills .
On the contary , people who take the public transport can more enjoy the travel because they do n't waste vitality on driving .
He already had enquired about this all the family , nobody hasn't idea which would be good enough .
The hugest gab is in 1981 where is the cheapest price combined to the highest expanditure of cigarette packs in the whole interval .
So they would help to stop a bit the problem fot the UK 's recycling system .
Indeed all the indicators show that humain behavior will not change at least in the following decades .
It 's really fun when we are playing different cups , Gothia for example .
The trains and buses are not big enough .
His insane evil mind go away until his flat .
Everything has been easy for him , he used to get what he wanted .
If you have working in Polen , the best way is job on holiday .
Some people say that are not future for public transport .
Personally , I use more public transport but I hardly ever use private transport
I 'm nineteen years old and from city but i living at domitory at Ton Duc Thang university .
All rubbish is taken away without separation .
I would like to explain my reasons .
He had to refuse to all his dreams suddenly .
This is an alarming issue that needs to be addressed at earliest .
I recommend you to visit Caceres .
Ca n't wait to see you !
Yet , perhaps the strongest argument in favor of using internet is that the vast amount of information contended in it .
A drama club will make examining plays such as Shakespeares ' more enjoyable than solely studying them will .
Was founded by talented athlete in The UK in early 1900.The Sport was becoming very famous since first World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .
Obviously , expensive and larger marriage have some benefits .
I like my student life without followers .
So , it can really educate people .
Is advisable to paint the walls with a brighter colour .
You can work , travel , going to an exchange study , rest and do something that you are interested .
Andrés Fernández
He organised demonstrations which turned out to abolishment of slavery .
I enclose for you the name in this e - mail , I think you should take a look !
She knew what does that it meant , Jason was alive .
that 's why there is no future for public transport
His office is built as a lift !
It was raining and it was dark .
On weekends , I usually wear clothes depending on the weather .
But sometimes it does n't depend on us .
This will be a great achievement !
Someone was singing a sad song .
I 'm a greedy guts !
I think the principal thing in our talking is The internet network , computers , technology and communications .
To figure out the factors , uncanny theory is used .
Family is any group of people closely related by blood .
applicants from Russia .
Firstly I want to explain why those words came to Peter 's head .
This is a sport performed by young people only .
Hereby I am writing in reference to the advertisement published for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , in order to apply for the job
I think it is the key to success .
The choice always depends on my mood .
My name is shousheng and live in Montreal Canada .
The castle is very big and you will need some hours to visit it .
In the first place , people are really fun and friendly .
Julia is a pretty girl .
Time and place are n't matter for people to watch the game .
To sum up , I suppose our town offers many interesting shops .
Let 's suppose a teenager of twenty - first century during the Middle ages .. do n't get out alive without Wi - fii !
The dinner was a three main course meal which had been carefully chosen by the new couple .
He set up a hospital in Kabul to take care of the mine 's victims .
When I was at school my friends and I attended unior swimming school .
Since car was invented , we have been seeing a large increase of cars ' production and of its use .
I am a sociable and supportive person .
We regulary organise film projections and discussions around a subject related to the film .
In this moment a big man went into the bedroom .
My programs are for the old people in different villages .
Everybody has goals that they want to achieve .
The pack have a cost of $ 350 a person .
There are few ways that help us master it .
What if it breaks me down ?
It was not an absolutely pleasant experience .
Michael felt himself strangely , because he was n't feeling walls around him .
My mouth is dry and have an awful metal taste , head aches , still slightly spinning and there is a terrible ringing in my ears .
Do you have a favourite sport ?
All in all , He apologized and at the end everything is solved
There 's a bank in each plaza .
I shall consider two of the proposed methods .
Besides , by putting these kinds of procedures , students will also gain more respect towards career and their job .
He can across the slave master in the mouth of the river Gambia while looking for his friend .
It enable you to go everywhere you want no matter when .
Collecting book is my favourite pastime .
Do we really need fashion ?
Football is such a beauty sport because it is really a fun in a lot of many ways .
In December 2010 , Fikri was banged - up by the police .
Today a minute incident can just tear apart a friendship .
Maybe the only one she 'll ever have .
Please find below clarification related to the below issue :
Nowadays people 's life is having an unexpected change all because globalitation .
Considering that the companies now are moving to the surrundings of the cities and the lack of more and flexible timetables some people exclude the public transport option .
I visited many interesting places i.e. nature reserve , historical places , zoo , rivers etc .
Sometimes it seems we have reached the pinacle of existence .
One of the most important moments in your life .
And there could also be robots , why not ?
In school I always play with friends never played alone and always my friends and I wins .
He was well - off and funny .
But that 's not the biggest problem .
I used to have training twice a week .
It is not necessary for us to know in advance how to get to the destination before the departure by using public transport .
And it 's funny and exciting to travel with the group by the bus .
I strongly disagree that they are not experienced .
I hope you will consider my application .
Nothing is worth than getting stressed out about .
there are many reasons why I want to be a programmer .
In other words , money would have more value .
This was one of the everyday invents that affects our lives .
It 's such a peaceful time .
The young people should do an experience like this .
but I think Italian restaurant is getting famous .
There 're many more libraries and learning courses available than before .
Michael may become a great musician someday .
Because we spend a lot of time together .
We keep a regular contact , we go out to dinner or take a coffee many times .
The Tuesday was an extraordinary beach day .
I would be very hap to get it .
The television advertisement shows the service being using .
Cars will be safer and speeder than now .
Also , TV , radio , internet , big companies has adverisement for helping the planet .
That is the experience can not given by car .
What is worst , the room of the house where some animals lived before , so they lost their houses , which become the houses of people , nevertheless , the earth is not only belonged to the human .
His works are known by all over the world .
She came from a poor family and she lives with her children .
Since that day , I started to take care of on my own .
Now to boycott bullying form our school i request all of you to take an oath that , I make a commitment to take a stand against bullying . I will treat others with respect and kindness .
Also , cars get more affordable in many countries .
Lastly , public transport that are always blamed by the people that are slowly and trouble than own vehicle .
I hold the opinion that a more frequent and more regular transport is needed .
He finally wanted to find a job again .
I fancy its streets crowded by workers and peasants that have been called to support the revolution .
We turned towards the bushes immediately , we were worried as we had listened to the radio that a bear could have lived there .
Firstly , staff and Personnel design the background colour , the artwork and the scuriity issues on the bank notes , which is also done in process of other card , such as notes for supermarket .
What I like to go bike is doing routes and very long paths .
I was 7 years old when I played first time .
Besides this , everybody cleans their doors to keep it tidies up .
The tourists will travel to another plants , The people will live at moon and under seas or oceans .
Is a big problem and it is almost a miracle not stepping one .
My favorite sport are football baskeball Formula One and Tennis .
They will pay you a reasonable salary .
The television is one of the most important AV media in the world .
They usually go abroad because they have not so much responsibilities just it prepares their professional future .
As we are fully depending on the indivitual generators , that are causing multiple problems in he weather dueto it 's smoke , the oil and gass left behind , in addition to sound offcourse that are themain source for the 18 countinous hours noise .
Moreover , my parents , who are teachers , they have been teaching me how I must educate , for several years .
She could distinctively hear his low , manly voice in her head .
Sooner or later we will face the music .
ADVICE AND RECOMMENDATIONS
George 's restaurant is a very pleasant place with many tasteful recipes from all around the world to enjoy alone or with your company your dinner .
I think that journalists should remember about the private life of famous people which is deserved to stay in secret for other people .
Also there is no other better for the role of agent as Mark Ruffalo .
However , boat is most slowest way to travel .
I think I ' m a perfect candidate for this job .
There were many sweets , cocktails , fruits .
Nevertheless , I would recommend you to wear appropriate clothes and to bring protection cream with you .
I think going abroad is much more exciting .
However , the most impressive thing is the game of flavours that explode inside your mouth .
Hi , my name is Emma I 'm 16 years old and I believe that I would be perfect for this summer job .
When I finished classes , I would like to access the health center not only to do exercises , but I could maintain healthy .
Learning a new language is always an exciting experience .
You may not realize when you shopping happily .
I think he will be enthusiastic when I tell him the news .
I think about some ideas to help you to organize some sports or evening activities .
The dishes are n't very expensive .
To conclude , there are some of an important research principles .
We are going on a vacation Next week .
He was even made to apologize to all his neighboring villagers .
Football , to me , is more than just a game .
I hope I helped you a bit .
Reality is killing me .
Of course it 's only my opinion .
Some people love shopping and some people can not live without shopping .
A new problem is being in the small cities , because they are not disigned to harbor a lot of cars .
I order 2 NVIDIA GTX 1080 but until now I do n't have my order in my hand .
Since that day , the diplomatic relations between both nations will be suspended .
This will be so because of the pollution , the radiation existent and the increase of global warning .
The lead actors were well known tv stars .
When she saw him , she smiled .
I believe that there should be more buses for the comfort of people .
it was Christmas eve and a new girl came to the college .
" I 'd found this in his office . "
I hope my suggestions will help you .
There have been many projects to improve the caring of the environment .
it caused our river some big problems such as disease , unpleasant smell , flood , etc .
It helps me be stronger and more active .
My apology for any frustration you may have .
Setting up more large building can destroyed people and animals live environment and some animals maybecan extinction .
Vesuvium - this is the vulcano 's name ! - covered it with a lot of cinder so that walls , houses , food , clothes , corps of citizens has been preserved as well they were .
My article is about a class play .
I invited my classmate Sally and we went on a concert together .
Do n't you think so ?
After the class Alison joined her friends .
Finally , state usually encourage on the radio , television etc .
the bathroom was just a few meters away .
Jogging is a sport you can start it every day .
This also allows for more creative options .
Generally speaking , our school is well equipped .
I think it is the best among other searching systems because of it is very fast and you get only the information you asked for and nothing excess .
Michael saw a homeless guy on the street .
It was an immense amphitheater .
Public transport is going to be used more than ever .
We meet every Monday in the college theatre .
Their acting is on spot and the costumes and magnificent .
I liked my work there so much .
Living without Internet : Is it possible ?
It is believed that the fun fair will be hold successfully too this years .
When he looked down the bathroom he saw something on the floor .
What are the sports you usually do ?
I looking forward to hearing from you soon .
I want to talk about my favourite sport game .
I would like to recommend that a famous people who names Mr. Chou .
Any changes would mean a resignation of comfort .
They also encourage people to use bicycles not to consume so much fuel .
We have to fix it all again .
She even did not want to talk to him after that situation happened .
But one day she collided with this boy .
After the first week in France found that in Paris there is a large crowd .
It 's pleased some people because they will be able to sleep an hour more .
Travelling in Spain is easy .
But he could not travel on a bus very fast in order to reach destination very quickly .
-No , no , I mean ... , I do n't think you are pregnant at all- .
by the time i have stutied a degree in journalism .
The public transport may take more time to travel and have rigid schedule than private vehicles .
She nooded and made another effort to look around .
Suddenly Micheal felt pain in his chest .
My grandfather must work hard to support his children by additional job .
Travelling by car is great .
It was built between 70 and 74 a .
But you can switch on some special morning tv - shows .
However , compared to the line of indoor swimming pool , the difference of seasonal achievement of ice cream van is considerably large .
They showed me what slalom skating is .
To sum up , people who have a good sense of humor can bring happiness to people .
They met each other nine years ago .
I asked her if she wanted a sweet and timidly , she nodded .
Why does culture differences sometimes cause a division of a country ?
Nowadays , with the development of society , a large number of forests and lands are replaced by blocks and transport networks .
The next is an understanding of what we can do to nature by changing our transportation measure .
The prices are not expensive and foods are very good .
You ca n't live only on Facebook .
I know my best friends since my childhood .
Train is more expensive , but at the same time , it is more comfortable .
[ 3 ] Wikipedia , Shanghai Metro System
I was very surprised to discover that many problems in a quite expensive model .
We can see that people get famous when they die , so , journalists are basic to create a negative or positive point of view of that person .
And how will our way of travelling change ?
I have to do jogging a few years ago .
Thank you for writing , I was worried about you .
this days the transportation become so crawdad .we have a lot of cars in the streets .
I celebrated my birthday without any complications .
Decoration is not too modern , but not too classic , it has a comfortable atmosphere .
Next , they do n't believe my capability is good .
As you can imagine , there are some advices that you should do///know if you want to take it up .
Being there is like having your own family .
They post pictures of themselves and their friends .
-Oh , amm- He gets a little bit of blush in his face- I … amm , I am sorry ! - He screams and his face gets totally red .
Studentnr : 012345
You can never have a frozen shoulder if you followed these advices :
The Youtube advertisement means the viewers have to be enforced to watch the advertisement before they watch some video in Youtube .
Cell phones are a great example of this evolution .
Best regards , and look forward to your reply .
I agree that shopping is not always enjoyable .
What if she was in trouble ?
That really gets on my nerves .
Also , I learnt communication skills with friends .
I am the right person for you .
The importance of internet on our lives
Well , the form that we use the television depend one each on .
It 's impossible to stop the science .
It was like breathing in a forest .
But I think there is an exception : monarchy .
The lecture desagree with the paragraph , suggesting that the mention test developed by Alan Turing do not respond the mainly question : Can the computer think ?
Take care , hope to hear from you soon
Stage trapdoors allowed actors to vanish magically .
In summer Kortrijk organises little concerts .
tob e more precise , I am in the graduating class .
So play football and enjoy it .
TV stimulates at two learning style which is visual and auditory .
It seemed to be a dream vacation .
We will never stop loving our grandparents !
It is also the Dutch speaking part of Belgium .
There should be a future for public transport .
a car may take days or months for the same distance .
Waiting to hear back from you ,
were just sitting on the ship with nothing to do but eat .
Ilya Yashina
First I will ask a question to you if this is your own house , you buy it with a lot of money and will you broke it with no reason ?
When they would be financially stable they would surely buy their own vehicle .
They were moving in slow - motion .
In regional centers most people commute via trolleybuses and tramcars .
I will be waiting for your reply .
So they often need help of professionals .
We must took risk and went to nearest market .
Therefore public transport has its own importance .
the chasing of Jason Vs Vin was so exciting furthermore the walkthrough is designed where Vin vs Jason interrupted by another party .
Then comes the problem of human beings .
It stared with that a woke up around seven a clock and i was n't tired at all .
Finally , to be healthy it is also important to eat balanced food .
I went also , to the mountains with my family .
Since these moment my life changed and now I go to every place with " Yango " monkey 's name
But it is a good invention for the world ?
In the other hand , we can say that it is really uncomfortable to travel by public transport , but even this we can improve in future .
Not to mention not everyone can afford keeping a car with their budget .
I wish I could travel every day .
Furthermore , your actions and movements are limited by the schedule and the track of the transportation mean you are taking .
In Italy we also visited Bari and Venice too .
This is a power of the information technology .
My time off from the University is significant to my personal development .
However , there 's always a channel that sends out a new episode .
I 've never tried it myself .
When you drive you must take precautions at all times because if you can not cause an accident
An important place in my country is the Museum of Prado because it is complete with much world fame painters .
We will talk about a technology that might soon disturb the world .
My tasks have included organizing sports and other activities for children .
Because this kind of music connects them on party .
He was so excited about that trip .
-For the dance in the green palace .
It helps you not to waste your time .
You can choose between several types of food such as Japanese , Italian , French and many other food .
In my opinion I must express the facilities given by the Internet .
Relatives visit or you can visit them .
Travelling by car is convenient but there are dis advantage as well .
134 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation .
You will see it when you leave the train .
there are a lot of club , pub and bar , cafe , karaoke and has more facilities which you will be able to enjoy .
I would , therefore , recommend this idea .
In adittion we could visit others parks , like Universal and Bush Garden .
Admittedly , some of the research need to invest many resources that educational institutes can not afford .
And also homemade food has better quality than low price restaurants .
Instead the American and French revolutions are important because they introduced the idea of freedom , fraternity and equality , so also these concepts influenced strongly the poetry of the period .
It is the only Mosque in the world that is not oriented to the Meca .
Also , Shakespeare uses the thought of plays .
José Luís .
Then , they worked a bit more .
Scouts character is kind of a tomboy .
If you practise you will achieve skills .
football is considered to be the most watched and followed sport worldwide .
To keep the cat is not a simple matter which need to real love and good care .
After Moscow you can visit town of the Gold Ring .
Regarding mental processes , cognition is the type more used .
Roger Okeefe 83 years old is being referred to your care for further assistance .
In the afternoon I eat some cookies .
Take my yoga class for example .
In the movies are some references to the Dante 's " Divina Commedia " Italian poem as well as to the Bible .
Well , the weddings in my country usually is celebrate in a church .
Many items in museums has cultural value beside historical value .
We started to appreciate the advantages of walking .
Michael though that it was time to do something .
Surely people who will live in House of the Future .
my advice is be patient , be smart this sport not easy but it 's need more trainee , more time to be one of the greatest player in the game
Students must learn their lines by heart .
If I had also a year free , I would only prefer travelling not working .
Because , When I was young , My parents Feeded it for me every summer Seasons .
It has to be that way !
I think they have no life at all .
It was in school , when we were three years old only !
Patrycja Vigh
And it is difficult to change your everyday routine .
have sent me your curriculum after the weekend , because he will surely want it .
I 've fully understand why is so difficult finding which activity is more important for You .
The people 's live will change even by policy and the economy .
If I told you that , Travelling with a car or by bus , which one you will pick .
Michael thought of a dirty game he called , Henry at a birthday party and took him on the terrace and pushed him down .
The countries will have Crisis and this will probably lead to another World War .
The atmosphere seems exotic and calming .
On television we can see what people consume .
When I was young , I could n't use it .
I have just fixed the price per person .
He attends the same class with other relatives of the slave masters .
We might live better lives in the future .
Deforest the woods can damage the cycle of nature .
Development of emotional and psychological problem such as maternal deprivation can be a result .
Also I have some jobs experience that is relevant to Accounting .
It is clean and environmentally friendly city .
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
However I believe the public transport still be very important in our society and has a huge future .
Here you are the recipe : First , bring some materials like : a pan , water , one or more eggs , and sure a stove .
For example , it promoted their search engine by the television commercial and Youtube advertisement .
As they support each other through their hardships , love stems .
He felt like he is about to die .
Listen , do I tell you about getting to my apartment .
Will has people that use the television as fun , most of the time ; but has too their people that use television for searchs .
I have to swimming in the Parana 's river with all the swimmers and coaches .
If you are interested in trekking , you should buy water - proof clothes just in case .
For all the different aspects described before I believe I would be suitable for this post .
Karate is not just a sport .
Hopefully for the next time he will set up a reminder to avoid this again .
Build public transport in a city , not in a country .
Suddenly , a man in black told us if we were putting the machine into the electricity .
The side effect of depending only on cars as the main transportation are remarkable .
You can see it rose sharply in 2003 .
They had a car accident , and fortunately he had n't injury but his friend Sam was fainted .
One my free time I play guitar and dance and sing .
My mother knew my feeling and she wanted help me .
There are a lot of benefits by developing public transportation .
Let 's get started with the basics .
I think it 's right , that travelling by car will be more popular .
You can choose what you want to watch .
He had a long day ahead of him .
Of course they are much more older than the other candidates , and when the staff control their curriculum only one member confirm their candidature .
Music is a science ! yes it is .
I look forward to receiving a reply .
I 'm 50 years old and I 'm living in a little city named Monza .
My town uses only uses electric cars because they do n't dive out carbon dioxide .
Thus it is a game with a combination of brain and physical skills .
I will never forget this particular day .
It 's only for your safety .
Given the rationality of the above arguments , we , pupils , expect a positive consideration to our request .
It 's in the second floor .
I hope this problem will disappear soon .
It is called Canelle , it 's a Jack Russell Terrier .
The young people of both sexes prefer to be on - line or playing computer games at leisure .
One of my favourite is eatwith.com .
in her apartment while Michel was working .
The building has two changing rooms for men and women .
I have organized activities like : sports , visit to city , festivals , etc .
it is a story of a boy , who always find out the way to tease her sister sukh .
Tell me your opinions about this subject in comments .
Nowadays , anyone can take a photo from the web and assume it 's theirs .
I believed in him , but I did n't know how I was wrong .
Everything Michael did for her was just for a bet .
Sometimes , shopping - particularly for women - is the best way to ameliorate the mood .
We will make soon another plan after My mother became well .
this city is located in the north of Extremadura .
If It is very coldly and windily outside , I do n't worry about it and I 'm exsercising at home .
It was a windy day so they kept their jackets and scarf .
Although I do jogging I also do other sport the swimming .
A good ilustration of this would be children .
Since then every year i go in north Italy to practice .
Piotr Dudek .
And it was inaugurated in 80 a .
But the present we live it , we live the moment and benefit from it at the maximum .
In developed countries , four wheels gain high appreciation in everyday transportation .
I already had mine as a teenager .
Then it comes to the preparation of metal plates and that needs skilled machinists .
As a result you can say it is not always justified that brand products are more expensive than comparable other ones .
With any doubt a good friend is a treasure .
On the other hand , you should visit a bookshop in a street marker .
my favourite sport is volleyball.i play it since 2006.my best position is number 2.i used to play it in faculty of engineering selection.it makes me fit and long .
Now I 'm working in voluntary works , like translation , editing in Wikipedia & others
I think that this sport is very happy .
Second , running is simple .
Then she had found a gate nearby .
To begin with is design , we are able to considerate backgroud colour , artwork , and security issues , and then , we are supposed to preparing mental plates , such as skilled and machinists .
Guides are helpful and brainy - you can ask them any questions and they will answer .
my English language is weak , I like to improve it which complete my post graduate study ,
So it 's very important to give them a healthy education .
The members of my family are my best friends
But it would never happen , not anymore .
In this theatre perform fantastic actors and I would like you to see their best play which is " Jackyl and Hide " .
students who are not allowed to drive still using the public transportation and they will always do .
However , does it teach us something ?
He loved rose with his entire soul , a soul that is losting .
The best thriller I have ever read
However , I personally believe that the advantages is overweight .
We also sometimes just need to get new clothes .
The television is one of the most important media .
Basically , famous figure has no privacy .
Friendship is actually a really important issue nowadays .
I like the children and working with them .
That is eight - episodes film .
It a sweet olive oil pastry with honey .
After some hours in a shopping centre girls were very content .
I really love my mother and father .
First , the parents only want fewer kids , so the children 's resource must plentiful than 50 years ago .
There are plenty of clubs in the town .
It was a narrow street lined up by two - story buildings on the floor of which shops , pubs were flashing their neon signs .
Nowadays , I see everywhere bins and even a small kid of 3 years being teached to put unwanted materials in the bin .
It 's just a question of time when everybody will have a car .
Finally , he married Marry .
.When you started talk with him you will be inspire by his knowledge and his way of talk he have the talent to Convinces
See you there at half past six ?
Watching foreign TV programs and movies , their viewers can learn not only foreign language but also exotic cultures .
They wear black and white clothing like the decoration of the etablissment .
Public transport is a more efficient way of using energy .
Besides that it availability some services like transporting for students and faculty , some restaurants , and mini market .
To conclude , I would like to say that nowadays people are becoming more aware and conscious towards environment through education .
Moreover pupils demand is the possibility to borrow books .
In addition , I have the experience in providing the basic , the advanced life support , and the airway protection .
I screamed my lungs out .
The first is , The government can create a new plan os construction of trains .
You should knew about the prize for coming to the museum is very cheap ( $ 15.00 ) for hour if you want to stay more time the prize increase in $ 10.00 .
One of the most widely used is the subway .
Later the girl discovered that Michael was all behind the incident .
Proposal to improve School 's facilities for language learners .
He explains us the building of the ship , why it sank , how it stood in the bottom ocean and how the people helped them one to others .
Something more fashionable : there are also a few clothes shop were you can find a lot of sorts of fashionable Italian and Spanish designes .
He holds a short story competition to improve students ' writing .
I have a new beautiful pair of shoes .
Or for those who does n't have swedish culture .
For me television has advantages and disadvantages .
On the one hand I 'm for development on the other hand I would that the innovations will not destroy the old .
What 's a description of a famous person ?
The car sharing system is n't common .
I 'm very hardworking and a funny person .
They prefer to go work car than bus .
And after this everybody started to change there type of music .
Wake up world .
I look forward to hearing from you ,
I look forward to hearing from you ,
I read pretty much and my favourite book is Harry Potter .
I must be honest and I have to comment about no less important people for me , as such my best friend .
Besides , too much use of computer and mobile phones is not helping to mend the problem at all .
All the people should use public transport to reduce the number of the cars on the street
On the other hand , we should know that every means of transportation can be changed by 50 years later .
Furthermore , it can also improve my language skills .
The day of the event dress not to formal but also not to informal .
In conclution if we have decision to living long following suitable diet is crucial and unavoidable .
Also improving measure might be as an encreasing green areas in cities and towns .
The second thing , it 's a quality of an equipment .
Rodrigo Andrade S.
The monastery is situated on a hill .
We hope to go to Colombia next year .
In general the city looks clean .
Do they like it or not .
I feel happy when I play it .
They deserve to have a normal life , have mysteries , a moment of peace without interest around them .
The satanists invoced an eavel entity that is capabale of the worst things ... Annabelle .
In Ukraine young people are different too .
The Club has many social and cultural programs .
Please give me the opportunity to work with you .
-eat fruits and vegetables
The lifestyle of the people has changed completely in the past 20 years .
I had to carry on to fight to stay alive !
Furthermore , you abuse cat has violated not only the ethics but also the law .
If any problems faced , i 'm went to my parents and say the problem , there are solve the problem .
We can solve this problem if we want that .
then we return to Toluca to continue with my boring life .
And congratulations for the baby!- His boss looked at him in anger:- Do you think that I am pregnant?- .
It is in this moment when I get to talk to God .
Which was time consuming and obliviously cheaper way of commuting from one place to other .
We 're also waiting for information about you fee , order of payments and other terms of working .
Cyberschol are n't interested in health and safety issues !
With this reliance you can go throughout everything together .
There are many green parks where you can do sport and other activity without pollution .
Laura is the new girl in town .
Our commitments imposes us to forget ourselves and our healthy .
My mother said that it would be rude to go at that time .
We learn to really segreation of waste and in the future how e.g.:we could use second time a same glass .
However , characters in Rust and Bone are suffering from declined life quality ; Stephanie lost her legs , and Ali is an impecunious man .
It 's not necessarily to be nice and keen to everyone but our class actually is , in the weekends the whole class gather in different events together .
But it should be in a moderate level .
It gives me a sense of achievement , for these reasons I would like to do every day .
Having farewell dinner here is worth the money .
I 'll try to explain .
Rather than concern about the challenges , children would confront with , it is particularly advantaged for them to grasp foreign language during the elementary school .
football is a simple sport , where the player must kick the ball in the opponent goal . in this sport , you improve principally the leg muscles but all your body move .
Yet , to me public transport is my
I do n't find any difficulty in doing it .
How are things going over there ?
In this season I kike to see the sun shine .
Usually I am there with my friends or colleagues for a dinner or a lunch .
Peter grabbed his notebook and immediately wrote all this down .
On my spare time I work in a non profit organization as a clown .
It service the education and entertainment aspects in our life .
In addtion to that recyclable waste , sell and the money will be given to respective person .
So I think Public transport should remain .
We speak about everything and respect each other .
In addition , if you plan your vacation very soon , you can also save money on planes or hotels .
I am also a quick learner and adapt to different working environments .
In this CD , the Singer expresses all her feelings and told us about her last experiences during recent years .
In football my favourite position is goalkeeper .
I 'm looking forward to a response from you .
This should help us enjoy shopping .
It depends how the presenter delivers the topic .
The reason can be attributed to increased consumeristic nature and unware about waste management .
You might have a walk around after supper .
I am proud of my country !
Buses take a very long route .
Firstly , the society today are more concerned about environmentally friendly .
Their magic , like Oberon , is used to help people nevertheless not for themselves .
My neighbourhood is a very pleasant area , it is big enough and it is so green .
It was a dream come true .
While in capture , he fought the rights of all the black slaves in the campus .
Public transport is used every day by millions of people .
I , and not my sister !
Finally , we polluted our rivers .
On the contrary , the fact was inconsistent with what he expected .
These factors will be explained in another occasion .
In my opinion every country they should have different kind of public transport
We will have a good time there .
The process how to make the notes for the bank can be outlined in six consecutive steps .
However , changes always has a negative side .
I think in future is n't necessary to use the public transport and why ?
All of them are special in every way .
Then we go to a red bus and drove to our hotel .
I 've been very busy lately .
I feel better when I travel over ground because I have fear of heights .
She smiled and thought that is a joke .
I heard the sound of breaking glass .
This has helped keep me young .
MOTASSEM is nice and lovely fiance he love his job as he is Patient will dong has jop .he is a hard worker he has amazing laughs
I heard about You want to have a trip in Taiwan , I lovely helped you when you came to Taipei .
The product will be registered with Ministry of Helath and SriLanka standerds Association and adhere their rules and regulatiuon for production , storing and distribution .
Nowadays , travel in public transport has been an experience who none has failed .
First of all , an automobile gives such a valuable thing as privacy .
In your letter you asked me for advice .
For example , books also help us relax .
I believe that we can do it here .
Secondly , you will be healthier .
Sometimes he felt tired to do papers , going the gym to play basketball .
I learned somewhere that the best thing to make a path through your writing is to start tipping .
The structure is divided in these sections :
Now let 's talk about the good things .
AIESEC 's Scope
In Korean , people should completed military service at least 2 years .
She 's incredible , is like the sister I 'd never had .
For examples , lack of purity water , shortage of electricity , climate change , natural source depletion , and etc .
Each and every colour glow in the dark giving hope out of the darkness .
I was especially delighted with national music and Latin American dances .
Seeing the film we have had the possibility to watch the characteristics of the main characters of Boccaccio and the different places where the stories took place .
Is everything ok with your family ?
It was like whether it was waiting for a terrorific event .
This is my favorite sport for it improves health in some many ways and boost the resistance and quality of life .
yes , I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .
yes , I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .
on the last vacation I went to France , to Paris with my colleague Sebastian for 2 weeks .
No one is happier than me .
In the same line , dwellers of my village are doing lots of work to make their area clean and hygiene .
They are always happy to explain the different dishes and recommend well .
- Thanks a lot for your advice .
It is never too late to start .
Let me know what is your decision .
Its keyboard had a lot of buttons and its screen did n't have any colours .
I do not regret what I did because I do what I like .
This idea is more than brilliant !
Also , radio advertisements only contain verbal effect .
All days they prove they are the persons whose care about me .
Maria could n't hardly say anything , she was shocked by Robert .
This sport is about you catch the ball and score .
Please , writes me a list with the words when I need for technical konversation .
There are many good reasons to say that .
Public transport is not convenient for most of the people because every person wants to reach on time at his place but using public transport it is very difficult to reach on time .
There are a lot of private transport in the streets .
Tanny is a human - rocket that 's warming up on a neighbor track line .
I enjoy watching people and childern having fun .
If we avoid them , the earth will get worse .
Hit with Cupid 's archery ,
I 'm Emad from Egypt .
A lot of young mans love wearing jeans and t - shirt .
I ca n't definitely get a full - time job 'cause I want to relax and have fun .
Then the friends could not left to pay attention in the Alison 's words .
It would also be wise to donate schools that prepare exchange programs for their students , so that more of them could afford that .
It shows you movies , news and the new products .
Good afternoon USA SUMMER CAMPS committee
She can not wait to see Tom .
Since I was a child I wanted to learn how ballerinas could dance so graciously .
We can do it at any time as we like .
It will take place in Minsk .
They moved in the crowd that made several phone calls and talked about their busy life .
Maybe she feels bad , but not completely guilty .
Advertising by television is an effective way to communicate the service to the general public .
In the total dark environment , I experience the feeling of the visually disabled and the difficulties of their livings .
People also have an important role to solve this problem .
They had to isolate the chemicals to the formula to have the cure .
The windows are bound to be broader .
On the other hand we have transport .
I 'm writing as an answer for an advertisement for a job in the USA .
In Japan , there are many rules are set in the Sento .
We are used to travel by car , in fact each family has one .
He fired his wife after insulting her .
Some people say that shopping is not always enjoyable .
I 'd like to speak the education process in Egypt .
We should use another bucket for this task .
I expect we 'll be the best friends forever .
However , they will lose the atmosphere of houses with antique furniture and interior , which create the unique and familiar atmosphere .
I like a many food and drink .
We could go to in the world from cricket .
Initially , the format of the notes should first be designed considering the background color and security issues .
And Michael just had the regret all the way later
Some of these restaurants can be quite expensive .
It is more convenient with modern lifestyle to travel with a car because of the privacy and independently.the remarkable development of car 's luxury and more option .
Well , i 's time to go .
Town council not only encourage people to planting or garndening , it subsidise money for their green improvements .
I arrived very exahusted , because I could't sleep the night before .
You must take the number 748 .
Thanks also for your invitation to join the group .
It took place about two years ago .
I like the feeling of getting sweat and a great passion in swimming .
Therefore , you will be assessed politely .
He said to me he needed money .
She knew that her parents were doing a surprise for her , but it was kept in a big secret until night party .
If we will travel by car have more pollutes that with public transport .
It unravels in the modern New York among anonymous office buildings and empty - eyed crowds .
Three words that describe me really good is :
He was later given the opportunity to learn English language .
And now I have to pass my subjects .
I am also a volunteer in the youth church club .
They are the reason why I 'm great for these job .
Besides , I 'm an eager , mature student willing to study master 's degree at your university and I 'm looking forward to getting response back and your recommendations .
Also the ticket price is not cheap .
Everybody can do , it is practical and simple , and the goals can be set in accord with the person 's needs and restrictions .
The teacher use lesson time effectively .
Because of that 5 new parks has been created recently .
When we thouhgt that the night had finished , we had the perfect dessert .
Day by day the country develop more and more , nowadays they have trains .
I can speak English good but not fluently .
It is a kind of thing that everybody can do and it effects all parts of my body .
take part in it . I could help you with teaching math together with computer programming
My favorite singer is Adam Livece .
The sport keeps you healthy and fit .
I have been the baby sitter of these children for all that summer and I enjoyed so much with them .
Also , I found some books on the internet with Crambridge 's exams .
Every step marks a footprint in the ground .
As I have said before , I have to watch out two kids , which includes cook .
we have 3 special days during the celebration of our new year .
2 . The facilities are cheap to use
Media make use of this interest and thanks to this coin much money .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise !
They are preferring to invest in public roads and motorways .
Why do they need a smartphone ?
The first step to better sleep is to recognize that maybe I can have a sleep disorder .
And you will hardly recognize the old me .
Public transport helped us to know our country and improve ours body to move one place to another .
when he get back to the home it was late and the metting was canceled
Today in the streets have a lot of cars , bus , motorcycle , other kind of transportation .
Finally Maleficent overpowers Stefan .
With the cause of human activities , the temperature of sea surface and the atmosphere have been gradually growing to a new level .
The internet has a lot of consequences on our lives .
I heard a voice behind me saying :
Nowadays , every one of us travels a lot .
She is the narrator of the story .
Michael took a deep breath and look at the entrance door that was still open .
I like other sports such as football and volleyball too .
It was the best concert in my life .
We are architects of our own destruction .
But in my city there is no snow ..
Last month I was training at a concert by decorated the scene and seriously came out better then I expected to .
Only cool and good cars are allowed .
But consider the reaction of the fans .
But the most vital part for these changes is yourself .
Razan Salib
Maybe there will be also great new discoveries from the medicine that will make disappear any kind of diseases .
The efficiency is one of the most important things in terms of time management .
However , cars can not take place of public transportations just for that convenience .
The design of the actual Dom was realized in baroque style of Vienna .
Was it the party which lasted until 3 am the night before ?
Our flat and house make theaother animals lost they are home , and it is lead to environmental deteriation .
I used all of the things except two .
Department stores are found in all big cities .
Kate accused Michael that the celebrity made him blind and Michael did n't want to listen to her .
the First advantage of martial arts is to improve self - confidence .
Everywhere will be cameras and motion sensors .
Have you ever imagined your life without computers ?
When it does n't occur , they have to go to trials .
Besides , take the train instead of car may make a new friends possibly if chats with others besides the seats .
Is much more convenient you walk to the city centre .
For example Pretty little liars and Modern Family .
The beach at night is a one better place for happen with your family
Is Physical Education necessary at schools ?
Then he found that he just will go to the fishing shop and request for help shop assistant .
Then peter stared " happy birthday my lovely sister " peter said and gave here key of a car
Once again there 's only one bin for every group of rubbish .
There will be a future for public transport .
All that you need for become Runner its motivation and plan .
Why are all the lights on ?
The acting was smooth and credible .
To begin with , recent statistics reveal that obese adolescents ' ratio is rising .
Why do we call them youngsters ?
That will cause the global warming .
But in my case , it happen rarely .
I think that the shopping is not enjoyable for everyone when in the shops are a crowd and very long queue .
So this helps that the children could play in a much cleaner park .
Hopefully you 're able to visit the site .
Just come and give it a try !
The purpose is to increase the sale and enlarge its market share in Hong Kong .
Melody Varela
Well however your choice is , it is necessary to be perfect for your daily life !
Most people would say that running is just the most annoying sport ever .
Since GM crops technology started to be implemented it have implied in favourable socioeconomic changes .
Which tends to catch our attention and waste our money in a way that can me saved up , in this casse using public transport .
On our luck I had a mobile phone , but Michael was saying that we need to escape because we did not know are those bullies near the corner .
We have reached an age of high technology .
People who travel daily to work , usually prefer public transport over own car as it is a cheaper option .
When the one side is printed , raising the images slightly to make opposite to be colored .
Please be advised that the right amount on the settlement date .
Otherwise , the public transport pollutes less that the car but the car it 's very comfortable and not be hour hard .
Is a little streesfull when you have a lot of work .I hope when I have me job be in charge of security IT department .
In our city the buses stop at midnight .
It is importatnt when we work or study in international area .
If you can have this service may you are the people that I am looking .
For all this , the question is too difficult to answer .
I will never forget this experience !
For example , the expenditure of food , drinks and commodities need the support from the steady income .
Let me know how it goes .
However , it has also posed some alarming issues , namely environmental destruction , and increasing unemployment and health concerns .
I believe it well deserved such popularity , as apart from its scenario , it was on the whole qualitative .
I hope you are all doing well .
However , aquaintances of her , the students at the University , comforted her .
Also , it will be interesting for me tuition , which refers to biology and influence in different kind of chemical compounds over the human body .
Firstly , start to use renewable energy .
Third , lots of green area .
ANA DEL MERINO PALOMINO .
But you need , understand the main idea .
It 's a quite strange sounds , because his father , grandfather , and greatgrandfather had been to travel time .
For instance , it can be the social sustainability and a need to develop the local employment situation or an entrepreneurship as a hobby / lifestyle .
How many times are you going to shop for some snacks ?
Television is one of the most useful inventions of the modern world .
It was NICKELBACK !
Who try to make us happy ?
I like fight , because I like to hit someone .
This perspective of life is inspired by contracultural movements and some people call to these people as " alternative " , but it is each day more common and it let a inclusive and diverse society .
play it with someone , whatever just for fun or for the game , my body will feel so hot in thirty minutes .
Keeping the village clean and attractive
This is an additional important step .
Moreover , in general , artifact of social symbol is buried with its owner after he or she died .
My position entailed developing marketing content on the web pages and slideshows publicizing the success of the society 's event .
3- sizdehbedar
So fairly George 's restaurant is one of the most universally recognized restaurants
Or do you prefer the relaxed ones ?
Besides they said that in all the moment : ' Carpe diem ' .
No doubt that manufacturers know which colour is popular and fashionable in a particular season and correspondingly it means that things of this colour will be sold well .
I like my family and my friends .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise ...
That is why science is so significant nowadays .
Nevertheless , when you are learning a language , it brings confussion .
It is a debate that should everyone have to complete military service when they reach 18 years old .
Family plays an important role in our lives .
In my opinion the obsession for the business trasforms society in a ring in which every man will be against his friend only for an excellent career .
May be in the future homes will be self - cleaned and we need not clean up .
Later , the people continue in language schools .
Because I do n't know what kinds of ingredients the restaurant put .
Public transport provide all the information about routes of the way which we are follow and give a idea to the passengers about the place .
For next time we invite you to our woodhouse .
It is really good to play soccer !
Are they all qualified teachers ?
But why would the goods be cheaper ?
Owing a pet would benefit all members of family .
I should go in October . for 7 months .
As you arrive during the summer , you should then have a vacation in the South where the beaches are breathtaking , with such a clean water and golden long shores .
All those little steps help to our nation to build a developed country , friendly with the environment .
Bye I have to go .
It makes my body healthy and strong .
But before clearing that she wanted to ask one more important question :
What is the point of living ?
They also publish their conversations on the internet .
It 's a mystery story with a moral , because for surprise of reader , the director was the drug dealer that produced the drug inside the classes .
One thing my coach always says is , "
One summer tomorrow , her sister woke up very early .
Nowadays , most people go by car every day instance of using public transport .
There is a saying in Turkish saying ' If you love a rose , you have to withstand against it 's spikes . ' .
The transportation is practical because not all places are search , use more the car , truck and sometimes boat .
The floor is also a problem .
There are several reasons to support my position .
If you have a great time with your family and co - worker , it is not necessary to travel time .
Our city is quite clean and livable , people are more careful than before .
It was Anna 's wedding day .
the family was walking around the luxurious hotel .
Despite over shared water resources could lead to violence and even international tension , few countries suffered these problems .
Hope we 'll have fantastic holiday together !
Therefore , we went to join in a sports centre which take over organising this stunning outdoor activity .
There are many secondhand clothing stores now .
They worked all day long , restlessly , until they were breathless and their hands were bleeding .
He raised his hand , whom was holding a metal bar , full of blood .
People declare that shopping can make our mood better what in consequence will make as fun .
Sameh Sabbagh
And same happened with parties , festivals , sports and other events .
It is kind of you to join the event and buy something .
I could not cope with the responsibilities .
To sum up , television entertains , it ca also educate .
By the way , I met there your exgirlfriend with her new boyfriend .
My favorite place on earth is Hawaii .
David looks bored at the first moment but in fact he is wetty .
It likes my laptop and it play with the Cursor .
First , this kind of advertisement should be forbiden reasoning the fact young children are still strongly vulnerable .
It will be advisable to change the catering service .
Her family was very proud of her .
In conclusion , only family members know what we are most deeply .
But you do n't care about it .
3 ) Meryy refused borrowing money .
the people use the public transport also the people needs to move for all the city .
A car can help him to go anywhere and anytime in much less time as compared to public transport .
This kind of sport is very elegant .
Forest brings us fresh air bu8 t if there is no trees , what will happen ?
There are so many nice places in Russia .
In this case they start school at 6 years .
At the first beginning , bank notes should be well - designed considering the colour matching and artwork including the issues about safety .
The pain became stronger and stronger .
I am more romantic that my boyfriend .
Hi today i 'm gon na talk about myself .
You will find yourself walking a little longer and faster than the day before .
In my university , my accounting grade was better than others .
Basketball is recognize to people in the world .
public transport it is really important and it has a lot of advantages for helping humanity .
Despite all I tried to calm myself down and I went to the library until laura came to town .
My work was very interesting and exciting .
Furthermore , modern weddings bring to people new experiences about food , lifestyle and culture exchanging .
She began to study at the prestigious University .
The reasons for this as follows .
Firstly , demolition is partly caused by how valuable the old buildings are estimated .
I share this opinion with the revolutionary ones .
Monica is her best friend !
The choice is obvious this time ...
We have just started worrying about that but the actions in course are far from enough .
Public transport would have more future if it were better distributed .
My hobbies are reading , travel and cooking .
I went many times to different places that I had n't known yet .
You will find all different types of shops .
It 's an ancient brewery which keeps a particular atmosphere .
Fuel consumption has increased in few years .
I think that if there is no public transport in the future , the traffic will be a totally mass !
I enjoy visiting museums , travelling in my free time .
Another problem is the genetically modified food products .
The town hall put in the streets containers for trash and the workers of tomw hall clean the streets .
So , you can enjoy your time without money 's problem .
I like buying some clothes or cosmetics .
There is a big window with curtains .
Anyway , their children do not have a special place , so it would be recommended to arrange a safe place for them to play .
In the whole , I think that young people have now a large variety of interests .
He was waiting for us outside .
I am looking forward to see you
In every way , in every form .
However if we not too tired at the time we could go out .
He just do his job , play guitar and sing like a second voice .
For instance , we can know many foreign news from watching CNN .
The signature collection of the White House now ended .
It became a big problem now .
I am living in Deria which is located in Dubai .
In addition to that , cheap is the best word describing the costs .
She always work hard for our family .
Will you give me more information about it as soon as possible in order to book in quickly .
This inexpensive hotel has 112 rooms .
Because of everybody has to leave for another place through their own car and carbon dioxide released from the car .
On the other hand , should be considered this opinion : Some of big names are important for someone who has them like an ideal .
At school I learned how to cook different types of food and desserts .
I think I am good at dealing with people , particularly in the food .
Link Remember that a car is to make your life easier to transfer and save as a way also to bring security because you go in your car and is less likely to get mugged or something .
People just take turns talking without putting any purpose or feelings .
I have been very happy , and today I am happy there .
The most common reasons to study a language are the job and travelling .
I hope you have a great day ,
What is a path through writing ?
All appliances will be eco - friendly .
Rules are pretty simple but the game is quite tough , you'll hurt yourself really bad .
And the afternoon , the centre organizes a lesson for agility dogs .
Each sheet contains 50 bank notes .
when you talk with someone have you ever thought in your words before you say it ?
For example , cars require petrol to function .
I 'd like to tell you about the concert I was .
She graduated Kiev International University in 2009 .
I started to open it very carefully .
In 1999 they 're some college friends went to desert in their Holley , they have a camping to get a fun .
That what was happened with me personally .
We should be careful from careless drivers .
One of the subjects at school is English .
BC Canada YNJ 3Q3
Cause of lots of damage , but they did n't Take responsibility .
Some cities there are n't boat , because do n't have river or sea .
The spice levels are suitable for everyone .
In sum , museums are attractive places for tourist to discover about the city they visited .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon
The lecturer 's second argument invovles capturing and destroying the toads by volunteers .
It must be awful for you .
They began to plan some adventures together .
Oh , if you knew - that present made my day !
progress , and this could have some pros and cons .
Mô tả
Our city has only one airport .
I live in a small village on countryside with few people .
LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL
I might pick you up from the airport by car .
I wrote to sponsorize my favourite sport , the most beautiful sport in the World ,
One reason for the change may be due to the style of life that people have .
if stay of the public and want to do presentation , I always get nervous .
But not angry like you and me .
All the answer I could take was a huge silence ...
I await your response , Thank You .
Those days , travelling by car is becoming more popular among urban people .
The new technologies are something that we can not love without anymore .
Do n't be late .
In this film there are two not younger men who have lost their work .
Therefore , The afformentioned information above show that our future can be worse than our present .
For example , governments can impose limits on emissions by manufacturing plants and force industries to help in forestation .
Particularities of the exchange
But she had no intention to give up .
In last case , if the advertisements were still exposed , It would be essential some educational politics come with them , valorizing and teaching kids on understanding their parents .
Flowers was in every colour of rainbow , the leaves on the trees going green .
Normally , people choose clothes that famous wear or appear in the magazines .
Your project is very compelling for me .
You must n't play only but you must with team .
First of all - the air .
Usually the watch criminal series because it 's very interesting and really mysterious .
The atmosphere in this restaurant is very good and very clean .
On the lands , the railroad and highway is the go through the most city roads .
Hoping to see you soon ,
They will notice quickly because fish will smell worse than it already did .
I have run upstairs so many times .
It needed to be this way .
But I think that this wo n't be able to do .
They walked in to find a man looking through the window
I will have to sleep on it .
Government & Individual both have role to play , in facing this biggest challenge of the Time , Earth is facing .
We are the best team of all .
They might not be a good idea .
Mechanical problems can often be a costly problems .
I have experience in working in a cafe .
Just a glass of still water and some fruits .
However , urban flood keeps raging even when the amount of green infrastructure full fills the storm water control needs in some areas .
He wanted to own all she had .
It is evident that technology is in every aspect of our lives .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise .
In fact in some countries overdeveloped may will extinguish because I suppose travelling by car is much cheaper and faster .
Then , yes , the weather .
One day when she walked him home she said : Okay , I give up !
Nevertheless , our passion is still strong .
Wrestling is new sport , which is unknown to many of my colleagues at the College .
You do not worried about the traffic jam , or try to find the car park .
First , they have to spend the many and waste time witch they could spend watching TV .
The hell with it !
Please contact me regarding any queries you may have .
On the one hand we have technology .
Almost , you are a great athlete so , You could teach surfing , football or other sports .
In summary , the public transport is dying .
my boyfriend and me have a present for your small baby , Nick .
This book is written by Jane Yolen .
Público transportation is excellent , you sabe money , tale care of the environment and make friemds .
The Bouchon ' .
As you can see in my Cv that I enclose in the letter , I have studied International trade degree and a degree in Economics and Marketing with high qualifications in the London Economics School during four years .
Penultimate , there has been a sudden rise in obesity because of this new project .
Their houses are floating in the air .
Firstly , no one like to be sad .
One ca n't imagine how many germs ( virus included ) lay on a hand bar waiting for a skin to rush in .
I was born in July 25th 2003 .
Michael finally ended with the last one he would like to ; Tom .
We are taking part in championship this year .
Many people start learning English at school .
The city contain about thirty public parks .
I will wait phone call you to discuss the possibility of arranging an interview .
We had never gone to Michael 's house before .
Computers and smartphones are becoming more prominent in our lives .
This is what counts the most .
These waste materials are processed with environmentally friendly .
Then , we saw an eagle flying in the sky .
You keep doing sport but in another time .
People are afraid and we need help urgently .
The fact that these utensils are familiar for youth make them helpful and useful .
Byt when I understand how many happy give me this game I was starting more running and train .
We are here to introduce the shopping facilities and shops in this town to you .
can also satisfy passengers who could not travel by plane and require to take long haut jouneys .
At this time and age , most of the people have their own car or vehicle for their transportation .
Exchange information with other researchers , via scientific papers or seminars , sometimes come up with solutions for other researches ' problems .
It is a turist country , you may work as a waiter in my city .
You may get hurt physically and mentally from sexual harassment .
Excellent performance in the field of study has not been determined of factors for your success .
we interned 2 national Competitions in 2 years and won second place on one of our projects and gained 2 leagues on other ones .
If you plan to enjoy your trip along fresh greeny landscape in Java island , you can travel by train .
But at that moment , it ended .
The members of my family is no where near my best friends .
The next scene was demolishing of the whole building as well as exploding of jason 's copter .
There is no future for public transport ?
What happened all those words he 'd given to me !
I am an architect since 2003 .
Public transport allows you to save time and money in commuting .
This confirm " The Exorcist " is a great film .
Michael ca n't believe of what he had just heard .
There are 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms .
People are still human beings and act completely normal .
I love to travel with my family .
I would like to recommend the following movie : " The perfume " .
In this writing I will comment about one of the last mistake that I have made and its consequent .
My class visits museums once a month .
You can devote more time to do both .
I really thought I would be the right person for this .
The price is cheap if you compare it with the service and taste from the food .
This is my old brother 's story .
But before starting , you supposed to evaluate your needs and your health condition .
I went to London in the summer .
The film tells about a movie shooting and adventures of filming team which is in Bolivia .
She has a turbulent and complicated past .
When somebody travels , this person wants to never forget the place he has visited .
Let me know what you decide .
Would I hide behind crowds ?
In my city is very usual to find many dog 's shits in the road .
we won the 1st position , and got the cup of competition.if anyone attends to play this game , he should practice hard to be able to play it proffesionaly .
The movie I decided to review for you is thriller called The destiny .
Public transportation is the most popular method in travelling to places .
You also asked about the leisure activities in Spain .
Yours Faithfully , Alexia .
We can access all the knowledge from the Internet as we need .
There are no car , no metro in Venice .
He Forgot his engagement and went to live with Blanche .
Imagine the energy that we can keep and pollution that we can stop .
The live there will be harmful for everybody !
The director was waiting for her .
Finally , my overall budget amount 900 pounds .
Hence public vehicles take more time to travel .
My country 's media this year celebrated a doctor who works in Afghanistan .
I signed up for a feminine football team in my city .
Not only the background colour but also the artwork we need to choose .
When his love he doth espy ,
Technology is not reality and should never replace it .
The notes have special link with colour on both sides , which raised images slightly .
Most of the people turn to the Internet website or applications like Netflix or Youtube .
Most people go to highschool and unversity .
We must think alternative solutions for this problem .
We could learn new activities from each other .
So , I have to Leand to use Chopsticks to eat .
But my good men tell me one important sentence .
I think you should to consult with a doctor about it .
It stands next to Yeni Mosque .
The most important factor in the environment improvement is the lock of the required knowledge between the local people .
Italy offers lots of work opportunity during summertime .
The whole town is gorgeous and you seem to be in another age of history .
I am from Lviv , Ukraine .
Moreover , it is said to be healthy in order to improve problems in the back so that going swimming is really beneficial for me .
I 'm rather a friend to him than a strict mother .
The enjoyed the exercise so much that my timing was completely off .
Therefore environment will be improved .
Running will ever be my favorite sport !
In my opinion I believe the public transport will have future , because this transport is very necessary for the people .
Another factor that the animals are not control themmselves to eat the plaints lend to distriction of ecosystem .
Soccer could be one of the boring sport to other people .
after what I told you about my country I hope you like it .
Myth and fable are always my favorite types of stories , because they can either be easy to understand or extend deeper matters .
Of course , on paper , this group haven't chances , but the events will demonstrate something of different .
Some of the countries will be submerged entirely into the sea , some will survive , and less space for increasing people .
Mom make the special foods in festivals .
I had to say that feeling was really awesome .
we should put many cameras in the street to know how is caused of this accidents .
These such big and expensive marriages waste a lot of money and time to prepare .
It seems like a bunch of armed men is trying to beat each other asses .
He saw his brother watching TV as usual .
People can travel through the city easily and safely .
I definitely do n't recommend it .
We have to focus on the breaks .
In mild cases , the sting causes itch .
I hope you get interested In my application .
Now our lawns are dirty and without grass .
But it is not relevant for my future life .
if you train and you have willpower nothing can stop you .
Finally , the consecuense of cocaine are the dead , if you sniff all the time cocaine or a lot , you die early .
We were cleaning over 8 hours !
And the worst thing - the queues .
I thought I was dreaming first .
It is well - known with a great beautiful Buddhist temple in Japan and it 's also famous among foreigner .
The good points of the club are as below ,
Did you go hiking last year ?
Remmeber the stress is not lasting thing , and you can avoid it
I think he deserved to be famous , because he is a very talented person .
It is the most European city of Spain .
I think Taiwan will be recovery in the near future .
Nowadays , the transportation become more prefect , and the people'life become more convenient .
They became stars because of this film .
I am very happy to see you all ones again .
Now , it is securier to travel than last years .
We do n't separate our rubbish .
The different colors warm your soul .
He leaned over and grabbed the object .
Write to me if you have fixed your itinerary and looking forward to see you in Hong Kong .
We are sociable and welcoming people .
When anyone miss to pass the ball or miss scored a goal we shouting on his face are you crazy how you missed this goal !
7 ) What are your salary expectations ?
Someone who knew too much maybe .
Please find my resume attached to this letter .
Personally I believe that those who are not participate any activity the teachers has them to encourage .Then only they also know how talented they are .
On the other hand , the USA commission brings their results to the Parliament without previously notify their results to Spain and with the opposite conclusion of the Spanish commission .
As there are cases where car is much more efficient than public transport and other way round .
I reckon learning and trying more kinds of things can change my school life to become more colorful .
During watching the film , I imagine if I am be the fiance of Adam .
that was the reason I do not finish the book
6- Not everyone has the ability to buy a car .
The only thing they found was a pair of googles that said the direccion of the man .
He had very good talent but no one understood his creative mind .
We have lots of beautiful beaches and mountains .
Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
However , they are not my friends .
I usually go camping with children to the mountains .
However , there are some defficiencies that could be fixed .
There are many famous buildings in Guangzhou .
I am good at dealing with people .
I think the style is very important in our life .
So I wonder if I could apply in one of your course .
Just pull yourself together , Tom !
Buy a good shoes , and first time 5 minutes running is enough !
then you find yourself standing ahead clouds of reality , which sucks ..
the wellness depend on three important factors : sport , nutrition and sleep .
In addition I am very funny and always I am joking .
We have subjetive opinions ; we normally judge because we have a preconception idea .
Last summer I thought I found it .
I have already met many new kind people .
my favorite sport it affects me greatly.i'm a kung - fu player .
Scientists could provide in the past years new transportation tools from cycles , automobiles up to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros that has been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation net through the same country , and sometimes exceeded it to another country boarder upon an agreement between those countries .
Even if you have a disorder , yes I can identify factors that may interrupt my sleep .
Recently , more and more airplane accidents occur .
It was a perfect weekend because there was a holiday on Monday .
I think that not is a problem of awareness .
From : Dimitris Barberis
I 'd been set up .
And i went to open the door .
By 1855 only six plays has left non - translated .
Many of us live in a hurry .
No one will help each other .
The necessity declined that working and living needs to be fairly close to each other .
As I was a kid I fall asleep sometimes .
He had done such a huge mistake .
My flatmatter is my best friend today .
But we have concrete examples , which we should wear follow and which already demonstrated that nothing it 's impossible .
At first the police detective thought one of the special band was stolen the painting .
It was a sunny day of April .
In the global , up to three air crashes which result from being hijacked or shot happened .
Was it as good as mine ?
He is very good on this sport .
It was n't a problem .
It 's a very worthwhile job .
Read things that can help us live better can be very helpful .
So I should to walk quickly until I can enter in a old and alone house behind the park .
Under the recommendation of my instructor , I joined the Joint school windsurfing competition .
Mia could n't accept when some behave badly .
With reference to recent advertisement about ' USA CAMPAMENT SUMMER ' , I would like to express my interest in the position for the job in the campament .
tel : 001012345678901
This trailer I like and I think that the film would be cool .
In contrast , Vacation / leisure and Misc were decrease over the same period of time .
It 's a huge breath - taking complex of historical buildings and royal gardens .
Thereby , engineers must take demanding knowledge to be successful in a career .
The pollution must hurt the local people and environment from the site of raw materials .
Thank god for his existence in this world .
Now , the people is more conscious and they know how dangerous is for the planet .
Many people has no vehicles , they only depends on public transport due to some reasons .
Bra really takes care of the environment .
It is about two men and one woman .
Physical ( hitting , punching , or kicking )
Furthermore , as well known , salaries are higher in other European countries than in Spain , so your life conditions may increase the same as your career ladder .
Or is it just near there ?
I would like to be consider to work in your cafe during weekends .
Eather is our home , we all have to protect it .
To travel by train is not an option for me .
In winter I go in for skating .
It would be more difficult to start your own life by oneself .
Fortunately , it was a beautiful deer as Bamby which looked at us and ran away more frightened than us .
I had been worked at local cinema last summer .
In my city the environment 's protection is so difficult .
I think you should take a break .
The book opens with a boy .
I had never felt so nervous !
Travelling around the city by car was faster than public transport .
Although the traffic jams the accidents etc .. .
I am in Kyoto to eat Yatsuhashi .
Luckily , I have never dreamed it .
The most used public transport is the Bus .
I felt very happy with this job .
My tasks included back office administration and services in the hotel 's restaurant .
You feel like you are at home !
I have relationship with people who are playing football with me .
its good idea to improve my English writing .
Of course not always public transport is more convenient .
I do n't know why .
When Anna came back home , she saw a huge bunch of red roses and behind it Mark was sitting .
When we were in our childhood , we used to deal with public transport for going one place to another because that was only a cheaper option available .
But that 's not my goal of practicing a sport .
What kind of risks they can get if to do that .
Now it 's your time to choose .
You asked me what time would i arrive .
In addition some situations of the film are taken from the high school movie .
Nowadays he has turned into another director .
So we have to watch the national Journal for keep us connected .
Transport is very important in our life , because we transport from place to other places .
She 's my favourite singer .
I really get a lot of pleasure in doing it .
Everyone is leaving their perfectly " normal " lives in the sky .
In my opinion the difference between installation arts and classical arts stands in the feeling that they can suscitate in the audience .
Mental one can not be excluded , but that is the different question .
Have you ever been in trouble , which type of transport you should take ?
When exactly did the deception begin ?
It was love at first sight .
surely , science and technology will
Recently I have got a job offer from a company located in London and it requires me ILETs score 6.5 for visa .
The car began to chase her .
Shoes are for protect and prevent your health , you have got only one body look after them .
This is my advice for everyone who like to play in every game .
Vincenzo Manna
Others include in rest and exercise , but they do n't occupy lots of time .
I am prepared to look after children .
You need to play it on team .
" I need to talk to her .
what I usually do in my free time .
Michael is a handsome and kind person .
In connection with the first issue , Budapest completes the task very well .
It is suitable for 68976 people .
dispatched .
I hope you enjoy your travel and see you soon .
The interior is spectacular because it is decorated as the film of Hollywood .
You ca n't imagine how I 'm excited about tripping to the UK !
I read your email yesterday but I had n't had the time to reply yet .
you could enjoy a lot and learn more about different cultures .
All of us are surrounded of plastic , plastic is needed in our everyday life for a lot of things .
When you make a long trip you can go without pressure .
People do n't have to possess their car paying much money .
Surprising stories that we will not never imagine .
For this reason , instead of entertaining , television should contain educative programmes .
Next , you can play with anyone on confident and control match .
Second , swim can relax yourself .
I think what this is the most useful invention because without this we ca n't live like we live actually .
Every months a buy my pass for use on the bus .
I hope all is well with you .
She loves us and she always looks after us when dad and mum could n't do it .
The advance of technology in the last years has been awesome .
Everyone has an opinion on this statement .
It offers students a unique opportunity to study abroad aquiring an international standard qualification .
Besides , the library budget in 2015 is reduced .
You need to discovered who is your best friends . Lifelong you will learn who is who .
It is good and people are nice .
This restaurant has many awards in China before it opened in Jakarta .
Please I would like to know more information on how to proceed to apply and when this job will commence .
The luxurious hotel has 218 rooms .
This problem is that some aparatus are brouken and the paint is bad .
Swimming has been always my favourite sport .
I really like your review ! !
I hold the belief that the children are really easy to raise than before .
I have been to Italy when I was 20 .
In India cricket is worshipped and players are the lord .
The Indonesia Government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and the citizen too .
The prices in the shops often are very high and clothes are not good qualitatively .
It gives me many a positive energy and fun .
How thoughtless is that ?
A wall in a tennis field can be a good start to learn how to hit a ball .
He finishes getting ready for his appointment .
My favourite sport is undoubtedly jogging .
There is no difference if you use car or bus .
But it was n't the wind .
People easily get accidents when driving in narrowed or severely damaged streets .
They turn into arrogant and furious idols because of shortage of ptivate lifetime perpetual attention .
He needs to follow his family to the town .
I suggest everybody having the same evening walking , you need just a pair of comfortable shoese !
Now I have them almost just for me .
According to these reasons , I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
Ágora Manager
The castle 's look is in the Neo - Gothic style .
A car is being made so Eco friendly and user friendly that it is more
I look forward to your reply at your earliest convenience .
Recently , I have seen an advertisement about a job .
The first day was very nice .
I was having a great time through the entire concert .
When I see him and ask him how do you do .
I might put on a mirror on the interior side of one of the wardrobe doors .
I hope to see you soon !
And suddenly there 's a ball .
For this purpose we need a quiet place to learn .
All of the messages include the girls ' secrets oh Allison knew .
It is worlds biggest youth cup and are located in Gothenburg in Sweden .
Theerefore , which one of these two places would you choose ?
I will never forget that trip .
Due to having fairies as characters , it adds magic as fairies do n't exist in the human world .
Old historical buildings are in disrepair .
The art gallery is nice too .
Some countries have a good net of intrastruture and people use then mainly , because the public transport is cheaper than the car and more quickly .
What is my favourite Portuguese meal ?
So , Parents ' experiences can make them strong teachers for their children .
As I discovered , the river Danube is the loveliest of others .
You have comfort , you feel better .
The hotel should provide variety of cousins from the world , therefore the clients could eat whatever they wish .
grown up with me and now she is my sister too .
My country very interesting place , we have more ancient and mistyc places .
Films do not occupy a great time of my spare time .
Football is really good because it is an active sport .
This process involves five main stages .
Between Norway and Finland .
House , which in we will be life in the future , would be full of complicated to use computers and robots .
What I really enjoy it is to lie in the grass .
In my opinion , I think it is just coincidence that the sheep looks like human .
It 's near my home .
We should be careful when we drive .
We all go through hardships and failures .
- " What is your problem ?
It was a truly amazing event .
Other language of their choice follows at secondary school .
Her family and her homeland had disappeared .
However , there is also a problem .
I started running four years ago .
So , including in the CV the experience , seems to me , a step further in the students ' career .
The whole picture conveys us the process of making bank notes .
I enjoyed the time off from the University .
Of course , it does n't mean that you ca n't talk with families when you eat outside .
People of all ages and cultures eating there .
My name is Lucia Pérez .
We decided to organize a play and donate the money we earn to a Dog Foundation .
Can you imagine a transportation which never appears ?
after that the celebration was began and a lot of their friends have attended each one presented a gift for Sara , she was very delighted and suddenly the doorbell been rang
Nevertheless , the sport store is a little expensive .
I question myself everyday how can i survive in this madness world ?
Nowadays , Ways of live have being Changing in many aspects .
Public transport bring relaxing holiday and efficient business trip to people without weary long drive .
People should take less fast food and do regular exercises for maintaining a hgealthy life .
I would choose a job with satisfaction .
We should meet online to play together .
This way of thining he also Shows in game time .
during the concert I was responsible for checking tickets .
Additionally , the living costs are quite affordable .
It deserves to be mentioned the great variety of rice and noodles - with chicken , beef , prawns , vegetables .
I love this place so much !
However , I was too dizzy to go straight so that I took a ride .
With reference to your advertisement in the current issue of the summer camp job , I am writing to you to apply for it .
In these 10 years , Taiwanese have become enjoy our life , so many people like to drink coffee or have an afternoon tea .
There is an evident tendency to the decline in the active ways of spending free time .
So will following more jams , if we do not change our habits .
more places to visit in Italy .
In contrast , the professor argues that they were impossibly weapons because they show no damage .
I enjoyed this unforgettable experience to the meseum , and hope you can take your time out to go one day !
Another thing that it helped me a lot was doing regularly sport near home .
Unfortunately , we can not pretend natural disasters , but we can solve societal problems .
I think I am good player .
Once he did , he went walking outside the hotel for the first time .
This would have some serious problems for both citizens and animals .
Feeling the dramatism and realism of the best known event in Easter , played during nine years by the inhabitants , " The Pasión of Christ " .
Even though do not everyone doing that , so how much public office is care of environment is important and this town is care of that a lot .
Syria has a lot of good restaurants .
My hands were sweating and the other boys were waiting outside ecstatic .
First of all , exercising can make you
And what a beautiful house it was !
I am a true believer in walking .
the development technology and Industry very fast , so the public transport no future ,
It 's better use public transport or private transport ?
I have recently finished my undergraduate program .
However , we also have to try to not create more rubbish recycling most of them .
In the advertisement you state that you need a person who has skills for job with children .
A typical American name , right ?
It build a lot of facilities for residents .
I would be able to start immediately .
I think it is the most interesting sport
companies are looking for well educated people with a good experience to hire and students more likely to fit their choices .
He sat on his chair and looked to the window .
I tried three times to pass this exam but I failed .
There was a big surprice - party in the forest .
Sounds nice and easy , right ?
I love you forever and I will come back very soon .
I 'm very happy to hear about your news !
Moreover , people have become more aware of the environment protection .
I would like to play with the children , to practise sport and we can dance with them .
It is a fantastic film with beautiful views and an exciting story .
For instance , there is no need to change the bus .
It was a 10-day trip .
Thus , in the future , public transport will be more interesting than particular and individual transport .
You can choose the taste you like .
a summer work in a travel agency , because they need someone to
As a volunteer I was helping make meals for VIP guests .
I opted for a steak there once .
Moreover , the special effect which is displayed are so immense and lead us to feel the emotions of the actors .
Actor 's interpretativos are sublime , and they make you feel afraid all film .
We could reuse and recycle household waste .
Secondly , they can visit each place without any circumstances .
I like almost all kinds of sports .
I bet it is an interesting story .
Pets can not deceive or lie .
So a public transport is not exception .
Please write to me back and tell me , if you like the zoo or if you went on other place .
People need to spend a huge account of time on doing exercise after class .
It is located next to the Old Town .
I switch on a home hiting for a temporary time , when I am working off I used more energy to warmht at home .
I like watching it because in this programme I can get a lot of information .
Winter sports have always an element of danger .
we spent a fun time in the beginning of our life when we were kids .
There is no future for public transport .
There is no future for public transport .
you can buy souvenirs from the east or west bank .
First of all Television has less viewers now days .
For me it was the perfect combination .
We'll get lonely more and more and also selfish , too .
I hope you 're fine !
I used to live for a short time in a place where word recycle was completely ignored but they used to this because that was n't so rich .
It is the most simple form of activity .
As a result roads are overloaded and long kilometres traffic jumps damage open air .
Thanks for all and I want my money back if I not yet get my cpu .
Do you agree with me ?
We had hard days also , we argued , but then quickly put up .
Nowadays we have a hurries lives but we must stop and live our lives too .
Anna opened it and read : " Probably this day will be the best day of your life " .
There are about thousand of animals and in the midlle of it is located a gorgeous castle .
if that cock touches that net it counts as point to other team who can receive from the cock
They are simply relaxing by such a way .
Please , give my congratulations to your cousin .
Her husband was dead a long time ago .
Therefore , is due to its philosofy and the joy that I fell before , during and after a train , this is why Parkour is my favorite exercise .
The bad points of the club are as below ,
Lora has grown up and become a very pretty adult .
You may even feel like giving up .
Because the people tend to make it from their own basic culture .
That night had changed their lives .
My email adress is xxxxxxxx .
Joey is an actor and he is always making auditions without success .
This sport is very easy to play .
I like to read books and travelling to different countries and knowing there culture .
They left the house on a truck .
But all was not as wonderful as the expected .
The place set out important concerts , presentations and international festivals until nowadays .
Michael took his enemy to the hospital .
Peter opened the door and everybody turned around to watch him .
Hope my thoughts will be interesting for you .
They started talking blaming for the train late and after two hours they were still chatting .
Place like Mumbai is full of People and no place to park the vehicles .
I have never got anything like this .
In order for it to happen , a range of different variables have to take place .
It 's only a dream .
There are many reasons behind it to be popular .
What is more , he is a good husband and father for his children .
-Why do we are here ? - Margarita says .
I live in Kiev for two years .
My teacher said that I have had a fantastic project .
Re : Report about Active Leisure Club
I would like to be like she .
Blues , Rock n Roll , folk music were the basis for the new music .
This was something that could not be argued upon .
You are listening to your favourite music .
On Sundays , the gamut of products is much more bigger .
Mr keefe 's general condition has been improved .
They only want to get the free dollar , do n't spend time to focus on the writing .
The ball control is the control you have when you run with the ball .
My favourite TV programme is Quark .
I strongly recommend you to book on - line tickets to Big Theater and visit it 's opera or ballet .
Summertime was first converted in 1900 year .
Maybe my sister could sleep in the studio .
That the cameras transmitted immediately the image of the robbers at other buses to ensure that they are alert , and that the drivers receive training and sanctions by conduct bad .
Report on shopping facilities in my town :
The text was about the possibility to transfer money with mobile phones in developing countries .
The main reason for Japanese that they always follow the rules is to respect and hope not to cause any confusion to other users .
Sometimes we are with people that we love .
Nowadays we have a lot of environmental problems .
I did n't call , send message and met him .
In sum , absorbing ideas and facts is the most effective strategy .
Develop a strategy in studying is vital .
Government can dictate strict norms to control pollution and carbon footprints .
In my country we follow cricket as a religion .
I was in a museum of New York looking at all the beautiful paintings and sculptures , when I hear the alarm of the museum everyone was afraid including me .
It was built on June 20 , 1957 by the architect and engineer Angel Guido to celebrate the Flag Day .
I am a proficient user of Microsoft office packages .
In my opinion anyone could n't come to Italy without visiting Pompei .
Their fuel and kits are rather expensive .
What I just told is what the restaurant Seaside means to me . Welcoming .
Moreover , people enjoy being unbound and therefore , they are willing to travel long distances .
In this case , people who have humor can make a friend easily .
I was really excited about it .
I hope see you soon .
Long time no see .
The food is always freshly prepared .
I have been volunteering in various similar projects .
I totally agree with this statement .
I 'm a comitted , responsable , and an organized person .
Talk to me on video conferencing after party .
By train you did n't will have always place for your luggage .
As well I graduated a Climbing course and I practiced climbing since I was 12 years old .
I love MASTERCHEF .
I hope that the future will live peacefully and happily .
It 's more for exotic trips .
The technology brought about lots of development in transportation .
Then I 'll look for the diseases which the scientists are currently working on finding their cure .
Thanks for your letter asking about the wedding .
Not also does it give job to people , but also has a good impact on the town 's scenery .
Just like a fish in the water
First of all being on the covers of rags help them make their more attractive for directors .
Evgenia Ilyina .
Fast food has become part of everyday life .
Please find my CV and reference letters attached .
Thank you very much to write me this letter .
Tessa Foerster
He hardly knew who he was anymore .
Secondly , public transport improve itself to be more functional and help support people .
They feel tired after long snowy winter .
" What are we going to do ?
The atmosphere is friendly and relaxed .
We can be a famous and earn more money .
I personally think so , the reasons are as below :
This is really my favourite sport game .
We will face the more serious problems of global warming and other awful environmental pollution .
Sometimes weather conditions are not comfortable for guys , for example : wind , light frog or freeze , all of that are very difficult conditions .
The research declined that swim can decrease disease .
The frog got well while I was at home for two months .
However the modernization of the terminal was unknown to me so I was completely lost .
That always depends on what we were expecting for .
Will I see you there ?
We only needed a water tank and the Sun .
I know to cook delicious meals .
There you can cure your sick heart .
Mia that was her name .
The letter that changed my life
They have already had great impact on people 's life .
But also women think that shopping can be an unpleasant experience .
I did that for three summmers and I still help out at my parents ' restaurant when a hand is in need .
Crowd is more and all the people want to travel by public transport so it is difficult to travel . Best way to travel in there
YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE !
I am interested in work with you .
Exept some good movies they also show a lot of rubbish .
Other reason for my opinión is that almost all the people preffer use the visual sense and ear to other person more than write and listen for understand new things .
My favourite sports are cycling and swimming .
I 've taken ' ceramic course for beginners ' once .
So let 's do it !
I try to be football player in there .
Thank you for sending the AA Report to us .
The Home of the Future .
And then , Allisons body is found .
But where do we decide on which clothes we wear ?
When I go out to the camp , if I lunch there , I take care of cleaning the ground .
It influenced the further development of post - Soviet countries as well geopolitical situation in the whole world .
You can think anything but I think that is the better part of Germany .
BAD POINTS
It is a first time for me to play with a cat .
I 'm available every aftenoon from 5 to 8 p.m. , while in the USA is morning .
These pictures obviously show us what detailed steps of the bank to produce paper money into the application .
Anna did n't understood what had just happened .
I absolutely disagree with this statement .
She 's an impossible woman .
Swimming develop all types of muscles .
People want to be a doctor , other want to be a teacher .
Thus , I think the future for public transportation will be more proferous .
Nowadays , people have different viewpoints about whether the most principle concern of choosing an occupation is salary .
I enjoyed it and got achievability from it .
in my opinion the television can entertain as can educate people on different ways .
I have many problem with my speaking skill .
We hope to see you soon !
We do not have any money left .
I hope to see you soon .
My favourite sport are slalom .
Then you can focus on global warming .
This variables influence the behavior of employees .
He is an ideal farmer who never and even tells a lie .
I recommend you to visit the Kremlin .
Also , we can forget lots of annoying things from our work .
Now I will further developed our last statement .
All governments increasing their politic laws about this topic and also they promoted new rules in the daily life of the population .
Without this stimulus they may have been inactive .
Do you remember our arrangement ?
Pople are getting used to drive with their own car , it provides more confortability , and is more practical .
It 's not difficult today !
Your blood is now able to circulate easily through your vanes .
-Work in the kitchens .
They can use the money in more useful or meaningful way such as investment property .
So the public transports importance is reducing every day .
The concert was evening began at 20:00 and came a lot of persoane .
- " What ? What 's again wrong with you ?
Please , send to us actual strip material price .
Moreover , less electrical stress on the machines ensures that the machines ' lives elongate .
We should must proper planing for our city to proper look after of it .
He grabbed the phone trying to call his parents .
The first step , the bank notes should be desinged concidering some constructions , like background color , artwork and security issues , After it was prepared , skilled machinists would make preparaation of metal plates in the second step .
In addition , my major is English so teachers will teach and explain by English , which I ca n't catch up on lessons well in the first time .
They sell clocks , but at a certain time their factory had closed .
You will be watching with full interest .
I watch some football matches repetitions and Comedy Shows .
I live in Serdobsk .
But here 's what I know .
Therefore , the municipality of environment put regulations and instructions to take care of our village .
I think football shows you a lot of feelings and experiences .
Whereas our style of food has changed very much .
Places that you can visit : mountains , see and lakes .
She does n't want more .
All this was caused by a cat ?
The first item in my collection is ABC book .
There should be a ban of cars .
My favourite kinds are comedis , detective and love stories .
Everyday on news We see the refugees who are in a miserable condition .
It 's big with many activities .
Have you ever spent the holiday combine fun and knowledge ?
This film is set in England .
Poland is classed as a country with a hard history and a lot of places remind about it .
Unfortunately this is the sad reality .
I have neded to use English a lot of time during my professionals activities for that reason I have taken some English courses many years ago .
On the other hand , my other advice is that I am very sure that you will feel wonderful and happy!May be not at first time , but sure later .
In developing countries , there is still a low level of awareness about the side effects of using private polluting cars .
It 's a good idea to remove the traffic jam .
I 'm very glad to read you again ,
My niece had courage after his mother talked to him .
I have to Presentation this project next Monday .
Meet the Film Club every Monday at the College theatre
town showing the will power changing of the habit .
Michael was sitting on the bench of the garden , waiting for his mother to finish her work .
Then I think myself why I wasted all my school days .
Three years later after intense work Michael restarted to put his feet on the podium .
After taht Aurora does n't wake up .
Cars are improving , becoming safer and environment friendlier .
It 's an unforgettable experience .
In our daily life we wake up earlier in the morning .
I am writing to express my concern about the smoking ban new law .
So , we have to consider how to improve theses problems for our next generation .
People now buying cars and scooters as per their convenience and pocket .
My clients was very impolite .
No Future for public transport :
British does n't speak out what they are thinking , in contrast to the Dutch .
However it made the situation worse .
I think if we want to have equal rights for both .
Or for some consumers that can afford a toxic and expensive car ?
I took a part - time employment with the local housing company .
Player who can bat and bowl is called all - rounder .
It was fun to read as always .
Every year have " earth hour " .
A FANTASTIC FUTURE
What do people think about teenagers ?
In my days friendship was easily made with neighbours , schoolmates and social clubs friends .
later , I 'll take the underground of London that is a public fast transit system , I 'm trawiling in it
When do you want to come ?
Number of countries give attention and provide secure life to their citizens .but our country still under insurance .
Apparently , restaurant business is creative and marketing - orientation in Taiwan .
Skydiving is great !
I do not have very good english writing skill .
I could n't believe in my eyes ...
There are summer and winter kinds of sports .
My Favourite Sport - Football .
It would bug me if s1 did nt read it to say that is a porn novel
Because a majority of do n't have enough resources to pay for it .
It will be more appropriate for us .
However , children my get soft drinks outside the family .
I think it will enrich my CV .
But I will try to convince they .
I will talk about my favourite sport .
Some people may think it seem to be a human rights that let the people to choose if they want to join the military .
April is a very nice month .
Finally , to say that we 're going to eat at Telepizza .
I see the new film of Disney " Inside out " and I eat much pop corn !
What is more , in my free time I enjoy watching TV - programs , dancing , singing , skiing and travelling .
Also , she admitted she would do anything to have a perfect body .
Computer 's have become an essential part of our lives in the last few decades .
She ate breakfast , dressed up and go to work .
She would get dressed as an old woman .
It all took about 3 minutes .
There are my role model.some times we were go to the tour programs , it 's very happy moments .
Also , I known great friends who play basketball .
And sometimes , programmes are so aggressive and gives people bad messages .
my mother in law she likes swimming too
It has already done but we still ca n't see the end of possibilities .
I have heard abou pets that they get sick by living in a small apartment in down town and that is terrible .
I look through the Windows and I could see a suspicion shadow .
Like many others , it seems to me that it involve various positive aspects to everyone .
Yesterday it was very windy and 2 days ago it was filthy rain .
For the work at the Green Pepper Cafe .
I hope you 're great !
I believe he is tender and careful , but impatient and clumsy at the same time .
Please do not resist contacting me if any further information is required .
And I like see how they look like .
She went to school very disappointed .
At the moment he is doing three A levels at camden college .
I 'm happy for you !
He made me happy and safe .
And also she is watching me with eyes wide opened .
All in one - come and watch
We 're looking for a new nice home and so we are truly interested to keep your place tide and take care about it as it were our own .
How be a good debaters .
The life divided to terms of time , we live through time , we grow with time
Text me if you find something for me .
He is the most important to me .
When Aurora is sixteen falls in sleep because Maleficent has done enchantment when Aurora was young .
What would you like to buy ?
Moreover , they think that controlling the pollution is possible .
One say that having money to buy the latest gadget feel you happy .
Studying abroad can enhance employment opportunities .
With any new course , there are some certain expectations one will have .
All was a façade .
In Caceres we can eat Chinnesse food in Food house .
My coatch was very nice and mostly we played in teams .
However , the situation has already changed .
I wish road surface quality in Russia will improve year on year .
And guess what was the best thing about it !
Though the modern cities emerging repaidly , the problems caused by excessively exploiting the enviorment are severly various .
You can watch reality shows , cartoons and wherever you want .
But the most famous dish uses cod .
They seemed happy to share their life .
Sincerely , Tania Amado .
Owning vechicle is very comfortable and gives you independence .
Especially I was the youngest member in the family , made much more troubles when I was young .
Why my favorite sports is badminton ?
He had distanced himself from them .
Sometimes , the real spectacle does n't take place in the fields , but in its surrounds !
He just could n't take it .
It was the first day of Spring and everything is going rise to life .
Programming is fun and math concept absorbs much easier through it .
The kitchen looks like small and simple .
He realised that it was n't raining .
I love it here in Spain .
I hope you can come soon .
Travelling on a boat for sure is a great adventure .
Tom has prepared a set of questions to ask .
It keeps our bodies in good condition .
There are four type of rubbish skip .
And they both had a great understanding however , this innocent girl had grabbed the attention of all the viewers similarly , the two .
People can not have everything and live like they want .
All this will help you to improve .
You do n't think opening the door at your little brother¡Oh brother!I shouted and I ran to open de door .
If we can provide youngsters with money and still avoid they grow lazy , then economic relief is welcomed .
The opportunity to meet your idols in real was the most exciting .
If a person wants to trevel from Kano to Lagos he has no choice but to track .
Technology plays a key role in our modern lives .
Nowadays , buses using electronic power instead of petrol have appeared in urban cities .
Historical Peninsula is the centre of ancient Istanbul where the four major empires had been ruled from .
My best friend is my sister .
The key point is that the whole range of techniques makes that acting pieces perfect .
Thank you so much ! ' .
From my point of view , my writing definitely has improved from the beginning of this school year till now .
The best present that I receive was ... I do n't remebmer !
These kinds of websites allows people to interact with others precisely by smartphones or computers .
Which one do you enjoy more ?
So . I need more inpormation about eating customs Diffrent sountry 's .
Every Human has points of strength and weakness .
All of us need air\water and food .
That makes them more educated .
They want to spend all evening together .
Magazine : " OUR COUNTRY " .
Public transport is going to face a huge decrease in the near future .
Now you have what you wanted . '
Players must be considered as a paintor working in a piece of art .
In the future this can make a highly gap between poor and rich people .
all the states in the world have an own league .
when I find me in London , I 'm going to the buckingham palace located in the city of westminster and I 'll see your art gallery and tourist attraction of the British monarchy
if every body know that there are a punishment for what they do and no body can escape from what he did I guess we will have a few of transportations accident .
if you want to start this sport , you should start running thirty minutes .
After that she went to the hospital
Nowadays he treats me as botheration .
Girls usually follow the fashion blogger and the fashion magazine .
This is the reason why self driving cars can be in the near future only something for rich people .
The shock made Peter gasp .
I was waiting for the answer .
- Oh , okay , bye !
It has an unwilling impact on society as people are forced to save their lives , leave or renovate their houses , look for clothes , food and others .
In addition the elvetor was out of order .
I absolutely agree with the statement .
The baby name was nemo .
The pollution is a kind of global issues of which people should consider seriously .
The annual average of crashes caused by public transport measures of 43% , instead of the private one that is around 76% .
Kyiv is a good destination for the shoppoholics .
It was destroyed by a vulcanic eruption in 75 BC .
In my opinion , it 's useful to play football .
On your attitude to public transportation highly affects the quality of public transport itself .
Evidently , we can not imagine how much time we spend online , because we are the whold day connecting , in our houses , moviel phones and computers at work .
It 's a big country and does n't have many inhibitants .
Thus , there must not be a technological revolution but an educational one .
I wish to express my dissastifaction with this course .
It is also quiet , so it will suit perfectly for the class , we do n't talk that much neither make bothering noises .
He tried to go out with her .
By plany you rarely have problems with your luggage .
So he used to his ability travel time for his family .
The staff must also be congratulated .
Rich people can buy it but people of the middle class not .
In other words I could say that is the best Club I know .
The television can entertain , and also educate the people .
A fire in the French Alps
Hi , I am Marianne Willemsen .
So , let 's begin .
We tried to make everyone had fun .
So if someone ever is woundering start practising this sport , they should be aware that lots of people will be expecting them to win .
Bus is one of the democracy transport , which is used by the students , kids , adults , rich and poor people .
With all that , I do have my favorite club team n country as well .
His mother heard what had happened .
Do not talk too much is a sympton of anxiety .
We like to talk to her because she always can bring happiness to us .
You start your study later comparatively with your friends .
Ear we have some of them : anemia/ anemia ; rickets and malnutrion …
Encoled you will find photocopies of all relevant certificates .
For example , I designed the highly architecture in the highly population density city in Taiwan .
Public transport is a public medium to bring people from one place to another .
We are going to travel to the France in this holiday .
I really recommend that movie to watch .
We would believe that this job is worth contributing to for life .
What is it about cooking shows ?
I would like to ask you just a piece of information .
Nowadays it 's very important to be bilingual .
So what should we do with that problem ?
Slowly he became illness one more time .
Many of them try to plan the cheapest way for their trip include booking the worthiest hotel .
P. Zuidweg
Even of the grass ca n't alive on earth .
In this category " KD " exeeds with cost of $ 200 .
Write and tell me how you are getting on .
How are you ? I 'm fin .
One should make the effort to practise regularly to make sure a continual progress .
I hope you 're fine .
I was part of the team !
I am a local from Taipei .
My mum was preparing the day before , and was really yummy .
Any way in some cases , car is very useful to reach the destination very fast .
I have learned a lot from television .
Being a double team sport makes the game competitive and interesting .
I have played at a lot of teams .
They lose their anonymity , become recognizable ,
I was feeling confused and bad .
In a good way implementation of projects helps to improve citizens lifes .
Such strategies will involve taxes above poluent cars , the increase of fuel price and definition of benefits to those who opts for more environmental means of transport .
Take care , hope to hear from you
Who can afford a house ?
It is believed , there are ways to make TV can help educate .
You just try to do your best .
Supporters of traditional clubs can be very passionate .
Moreover , a small piece broken of bottle or glass can also lead to bushfire .
Hello ! I am begin to study technical English .
There were a lot of programs on television .
I 'm so excited !
I do n't actually know .
Our school is organizing a fun fair .
Trust me , you will not regret it .
I have two parents like the most people .
She was just prepared a suitcase after that went to train station .
I am glad to understood that everything is OK about you .
The next thing is big windows .
Then move to the next step , preparation of metal plates , while skilled machinists is needed in this process .
This results in it will change their lives and expand their prospects in the future .
An example would be the Camden Town market .
I never ever wanted to be selfemployed .
They made that decision on their own .
And I know my abilities with kids , I am patient , confident and organize people .
This is very popular sport and very useful for your health .
My name is Mike Hennings .
We left Monday morning at ten 0'clock , we should have put three hours away but we put double because the plugs .
The mayority ; young or old age , since they are n't old enough or they are too old to drive .
Nowadays there are a lot of information about healthy , in order to have good food habits , sleep the amounght of hours recommended by specialist doctors , etc .
The audiences are easy to think of Trivago when they are thinking about hotels .
The best sport in the world .
sometimes many people want to travel faraway along distances so they need planes .
It 's a wonderful adventure .
The " BUG " must be appears from man - made system because of the incomplete coding .
Michael got married his close friend since only one month .
I have a great time with them .
So we need to stand together .
So for finish competition with pleasure I needed work out plan witch is diary day by day about our jogging distance , time , mood during work out .
Since then , everything went so perfect between the two of them .
My elder son is 20 already .
you can go by your car and at any time , but you ca n't by public transport .
She is in her 30s .
Means - End Chain
There included many kind sports such as wrestling , basketball , tennis , running .. etc .
You also mentioned that I would need to work in the kitchens helping .
There they took a taxi to the hotel , and at 4 pm .
The car in my quiet village is not necessary and I feel really happy there .
The smallest work changes the environment .
The second step is to identify what I could cause the sleep disorder .
People differ from each other and everyone have various professions .
What people do with their rubbish
Sheila Giménez
As we all know it is an essential part of our life .
This is a internacional sport because in all parts of world there are persons that they play .
The homeless people are human beings and they must take their rights in life .
First I asked " ¿ Who is ringing so early?¿What 's happen?Suddenly , a family voice shouted me throughout the door .
I could not be more excited to join my friends .
They were thinking how the world would look like and with that thought civilization was created .
Their setlist was extremely good .
Every day you heave new news about cruise , excursion , weather and many other information about cruise .
They had improved their knowledge making experience in the field .
it can never be regained even the strongest monarchs have been helpless to prevent time .
I hope , It will never happen .
being unsuccessful in studying is a horrible thing , it affects man badly .
That is our responsibility for future generation .
Firstly , you should choose me due to the fact that I can talk English very fluently .
I remember that I had a drama play which was held just couple weeks before final exams .
Students who go to study in another country experience a variety of life .
I think this way can assist them in adapting to society early .
Therefore , I need those papers .
I really do n't know .
For that , I hope my letter is taken into consideration .
Traffic education is also an compulsory measure , especially to young generations as they cover majority of offences .
Compared with cars , public transport has larger capability of conveying , which saves space and costs less .
it was a cold night when her boyfriend asked her to get marriedn .
In this way the customer can feel comfortable as they fell in theirown cars .
He was the best student in her class .
I 'm absolutely confident to recommend Nikita as an experienced Product Manager .
You need a motivation to believe in your self that you can achieve it .
Tell me what has happened at our first meeting ?
This time I felt like a Champion it was really especially feeling .
This has tremendous impact on other aspect .
In present times the houses is very different , but in the future houses will be
clothes , not too hipi , but something comfortable .
They always give you what we like to eat .
I practise Pilates Method every Sunday morning .
This is simple because not everyone has a personal vehicle .
Also , It has a spacious kitchen .
I look forward to your reply .
Someday , an S.H.I.E.L.D. 's agent was attacked by the ghost .
My personal opinion is this is not sufficient to cover the education process .
Take care and goodbye ! ! !
I miss sharing things with you .
We also waste paper in those books .
This report is aiming to give a clear idea about the environment preserving in my town .
Fire ants are very aggressive .
Shopping with women is nightmarish .
Good morning to one and all present here .
There were two bodies in that place .
There are scientific evidences , that calamities like Katrina , Hud - Hud can be linked to global warming .
I begin this sport for 2 years ago .
If you ask someone about the future , answers will be different but all will be around two main topics , Those last are either optimist future or pessimist one .
Petrol will run out in a few years .
Today I am writing about learning another language .
We can not make a killing immediately .
When the examination is over , again I started to talk with her , asking how was your exam .
For example H&M. It is brilliant shop .
Classroom management is good .
Friendship is overall an acto of will .
Leaving my country , Soamlia , was very hard for me .
We need to let them get information .
And then , some sheets and good bank notes from damaged sheets which would be cut into and separated into equal ones andpacked and depatched to where they are demanded .
and then , let me tell you another place ' Duksu palace '
We are looking for better conditions everywhere .
About me , I was born in 1989 and I live in Los Angeles since 2000 .
The museum is huge and beautiful .
But all these are addressed through writing .
He said hello to the girl smiling .
I think that problem should be addressed .
I feel happy after every game .
Second advantage of doing martial arts is how to respect others .
Moreover , I had many problems with the English grammar .
Cars are more common on city roads .
Not only will solve pollution , also it will help us to discard obesity .
What do you think about this ?
and of course , people play Skat in pubs and win some chops of meat .
I know plenty of amazing English courses but they all have different prizes .
You should bring nice but durable clothes .
lately a lot of child wish to be a professional player and they practice this sport every time and everywhere to improve the techinique .
To conclude I ca n't think which wonderful thing the man will do in spite I hope make the word even better !
The restaurant was almost full .
The guys were really nice !
I do n't lose anyone !
I enojoy this because I like it .
I agree with the given statement .
so it comes as no surprise my favourite sport is football .
Is it the best for the pollution and environment ?
Player is required to run all over the field to chase the ball and to return it to the opponent .
It can be suggested that combination of both arenas will positively influence the ways of delivering news .
Therefore , the animals do not survive with this climate .
I think public transport do n't lost .
3 Denounce those who leaves rubbish in the wrong spaces .
Can you imagine what it was ?
Latent form of fingermark is invisible to human eye , hence need some methods for visualization and development of latent fingermarks .
It would be a good way to change a lifestyle !
I will wait for your answer ,
Our goal was increasing the storage capacity in several days .
Nowadays , people have a lot of afraid about contaminations of Planet .
An enormous quantity of cars and the traffic jams provokes a pollution of air and smog .
I do not have experience working in the kitchen .
" Where are the brakes ? "
I am so far from home .
Well , my college has been provide an organization called Enactus .
If you visit Taiwan , you will never miss the temples here .
It was the best summer ever .
The workers are very kind and simpathetic and enjoy teaching .
Twenty years ago I started playing football .
Alessandro Costa .
There are a lot of Ukrainian executives .
PREPARING THE REVOLUTION IN FRANCE
perhaps we can go to the city zoo in order to verify wheter there are any vacancies that fit with you .
Other activities in the surroundings .
Also on the sofas there are many colorful Pillows
Aureli Bonilla
There going to following some problems .
Some of them think that buying things are very boring and unnecessary .
They discuss with them many life events .
There is a problem , though .
Also go on holidays by car can be very comfortable .
In My country Bus 's car is the essential public transport .
His name is Santa Marta and he is near Trujillo .
Moreover , there are places on long distance we can not travel by car , so we need a train or even a plane .
I think that public traffic will be more used in the future .
We do n't have to think too much about almost everything , needing no person to company with since we have all these distractive devices for joy and relaxation .
my parents name is Susanna and Peder .
Recently I saw the trailer of the film about vampires .
The rugged kerbs can cause the suspension crack .
Tell me what you think about it .
In 2005 was a low but it grew than again .
It was around 9 PM when Reilly was there .
But incinerate a huge part of the rainforest means a destruction of the habitat of wildlife .
Volleyball is the best sport ever !
50 pieces per sheet are set with special ink prepared , producing images that colors on both sides with a slow speed .
Car manufactures desperately seeking new technologies to improve the features of a car .
Famous people haven't got private life .
In case of Internet learning we can oneself set hours of learning .
She was graduated , had even studied a Master and she had nothing to lose .
This major involves all , always we have to consider the all possibilities to resolve homework , you have to know the most possible information for can resolve it .
And I need your help with this .
Then the hurricane was roof of all the island .
The culture shock is that international students need to overcome .
You have to put a time to do your tasks .
Due to there will be an international festival for young people in our region , I have written that report in order to know the preferences of them and the trends which are on nowadays .
The red coral reef off coast in Austrialia , for instance , serve as shelter for algea and other sea tiny fishes and index of enviroment fragility .
Added to what I know , make it attractive .
l love the place , nice decoration of restaurant .
When I joined the team freshman year , I did n't realize what I was getting into .
Generally speaking , there are two basic methods of employee motivation : rewards involving money and non - financial rewards .
The first year of the university , I showed my love to him .
You ca n't miss the stylish cafe in the museum .
Free of pocket pain & frequented by the locals , there is a dining gem in Nova Gorica .
the sheets have been dealt with correctly .
However , it also has some disadvantages .
No longer do we suffer from studying foreign languages as our eyes are capable of translating to the language we known though the linkage to the huge database online .
Nowadays a part of the people buy a lot of things that they do n't need .
I feel my family in a different way from my friends .
In your car you can put inside all bags that you want to take .
And that 's my happiest time .
But I could n't speak anyway .
The underground system can ease congestion .
I hope my proposal wiil be useful for you
There is a bedside table in the middle of two beds , on this there are the alarm clock and the book that we read
I was sitting and waiting in a concert hall .
People in Hong Kong love to go cycling in holidays , too .
Cars can be useful for several reasons .
You can walk and smell the flowers beginning to flourish .
I 'm waiting for you ,
Amina Safar
In my opinion this job would be a great , helpful experience .
Then we went to Taxco .
We are living in rush world .
I hope a day that all the children rely on their parents as their teachers .
Eventually he saw the Kabaa .
The next time it happened to me such a thing I felt no wind but this particular stink .
We need to analyze and investigate the main problems to find solutions which may get better our world .
I 'm Sara and i 'm 24 years old .
The name says it all .
By one hand , if we avoid being the pollution in ours cities , we could have a lifestyle more healthier than in the past .
This part of the city is ready to receive it because there is an intensive control to have access to the old town with cars .
Urban flood is one of them .
Together , we aspire for something beyond better .
What do you think about it ?
And there is no exception this year .
After an hour the dog is vaccined and taken at home , but her mother needs a milk bottle .
I am so glad to write this letter for you .
Oh , the ticket !
People will have the device that extinguish the light when we leave the room .
I enjoyed this film a lot because it attracts your attention all the time .
He was gone in Agatha 's investigation office for asking her to look into some murders happened recently .
There are also negative effects like bullying !
My last , but not least , advice is for the gym .
TV were and are seen as entertainment channels , but have you ever questioned if they are more then just entertainment ?
It saves lot of our time .
Their education is affected , for example .
He is very ambitious and polite .
After school , I 'd like to eat fresh fruit .
My statement to apply to a university
Do n't run too much and so quickly !
People 's opinions on this question differ widely .
To Whom It May Concern ,
No wonder if we say that sport is so important .
Or in addition , we can use the energy given by the environment , as the wind or the inorgainc rest .
I regularly take trains to go somewhere .
Our lawns also are the problem .
It 's beautiful city !
But in summer I went by car .
-You only have one opportunity to cause a good first impression- he said to himself .
It is certainly true that people are very critic with the appearance .
They are scattered across the city .
when you score alot of points , you will win the match .
Inventors work years to reach their goals they are working with their project like you every day .
If public transport stop services people who are not able to drive will affect a lot .
In spite of you do n't lost weight , you can win endurance and flexibility .
How have you been , my friend .
No doubts travelling by car is pretty much better than go by public bus .
Foreign language learning in my country
In Taiwan , many young people want to enter htc .
We are living in a digital age .
It was an amazing gold watch .
And she wears the best clothes ever !
There are lots of problems in our life .
See you soon . Kisses .
My kids are proud to have parants like me and my husband .
Fill the application form and and send it to us in the following email address :
A mother is very fundamental and the basis for the men principles and beliefs .
My favourite boxer is Floyd Mayweather .
I enioy to hear the rain while I am reading at home ...
Firstly , relevant laws and principles should be put up to forbid extravagent expansion in the natural system .
She has always looked for perfection .
I went to the museum and follow all the tracks that I found were a broken sculpture .
I do many mistake in every story I already right down . the wrong tense I used .
Sometimes I give some information about where the name of streets or where the main monuments are .
Design is the first and the most important process .
My fiance is 28 years old .
The bank notes is designed considerately , workers need to design it backgrounds coler and artwork .
For example , one of my senior high school 's classmate had encountered communication problem involved in the other 's family .
I decided to go back to school .
My favorite is the hulk roller coaster at universal studios .
It means that after some months I was able to read the sheet music .
One day Michael entered his company and his employee happily told him , we got many responses .
It was renewed last year and regulars like it a lot .
When Alison came to she did not see any people .
Many would argue that its disadvantages have already dispersed advantages , and many others veto this view .
As a person said ' ' Sitting near a computer , you will get the world . ''
I do n't make sure this affirmation .
Future is one of the biggest question for us .
The hero finds all his friends disappear one by one .
Do you like adventure sports ?
Another point of concern was transportation .
Japanese people have the spirits of recycling and loving old things still now .
Young people use it a lot .
We can see different picture of the tower from different angles .
But first , I will tell you all the story since the beginning .
If only I had looked a bit better where I placed my feet ...
The supervisor of the study , John M ..
On the other hand , I can have a cold and temperature or something like that .
Television entertains us , it can also educate .
Last but most important step is the ispection .
How can I use to use it ?
Firstly , young people usually calm down trough the music for example classic music .
I think the statement is somewhat true .
Although they produce high quality products they receive a little money and have high pressure in work .
We learn about social values , World news etc .
The influence of the grown - ups : great or not so ?
Italy is well regarded about its education .
What about the train then ?
They have replaced many things like books .
The teacher asks if there are any problems
It was the most important step during the whole processing .
It can have benefits but also some drawbacks .
It has a high density population because its small territory .
So , you can do both .
It was n't my dreamy job , but it really repayed .
Nowadays cars are more affordable than ever .
This history develors a mixture of themes that courage , family values , friendly and love .
Was she at the school with us ?
Every human action provokes a reaction .
Furthermore , it is necessary to wear glasses .
According to these changes people will change , their way of life will as well .
The second reason is that Mt .
It 's really worth seeing .
The reason for the laziness is that the work of the house will be done by robots .
However , these things have changed , All the things I have been owning , building , remaining are broken .
We need to start doing something to avoid contamination .
Raising the academic performance of Students
That can be really painfull for those who is n't from Sweden from the beginning .
Especially , when it comes to go shopping .
And also , there is gift shop and cafe .
However , public transport has been critised more and more over the last years because of its inconenvience .
I think travel by boat is one of the baddest ways to travel when you are seasick .
And they have act to protect it .
It is slow , inefficient and dangerous .
But girls love wearing skirt and snug shirt .
The transport in the city is n't inconvenient as years ago .
The governents are also important for taking care of the environment .
my favorite food is fillet beef with bea and pommes .
This changed his life forever .
You will not regret to visit Santa Cruz .
We have a lot of nice old town .
It 's really worth it .
It made me feel like that happiness is running through out my body .
I am waiting for your answer .
He was murder in 1968 , in Menphys , he was 39 years old .
CEO , Green Pepper cafe
I advise everyone to start this sport .
It helps to cope with stressful situations .
I suggest playing safe and being patient .
Since this moment they will have maturity and responsibility .
Some insist that no one need bus or subway in the future .
What I like to run is to go the mountain and enjoy the landscape .
Furthermore , it makes children more sociable .
The old house looked abandoned .
Sports and social activities can greatly improve my efficiency .
There are two wardrobe , one for me and one for my brother .
The answer is evident , I think .
phenomenon of homeless people became a serious problem and many countries can not solve this problem .
Every country has got its own history .
These days , the use of technology is increasing , especially robots .
Her name is irixhi .
one of my most ecxiting day of my life was the 23rd august 2014 .
Nevertheless , the ability of identifying limit of oneself can be best learned from experiences .
Owning a motorbike has advantages .
Finally , the holidays have started .
As one of the members of the school community , you can not miss the event , can't you ?
However , it is not always enjoyable .
You can also spend that time working and saving money for future years on university camp .
He turned the note to see something
Every day for we are looking for friends .
A big kiss and a big hug
They are known for selling fake products .
I 'm really into showing you all the interesting places around .
thanks to this new life stryle our cities will be more liveable .
Whenever she was near any person , she would feel odious pain .
i heard that you so really have many of work activities now .
The great debaters , have to believe in your idea .
Last year I gave some dolls of my sister to a charity .
There are some borders that should n't be crossed .
He praised the Michael 's work .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
If tv 's programmes are a lot of rubbiss , is because some people prefer those .
I like thriller and the action films because they have never been boring .
My idol was , is and will always be Justin Bieber .
but keeping in view of environment we should prefer to use public transport
His charity 's saved many lives .
That 's for sure .
Each Monday there is invited a different guest speaker to the Film Club for manage the discussion with a good drink thanks to the Coffee Bar special late opening .
And do you have to like your clothes or someone else ?
I am Alexander Sokolov .
They think that this group of people has just a better life and things are going very well .
The menú es very well constructed , and food is based on local products .
Now Peter could fly on his own .
As the Venus of the sky .
But most of them are about to be declined by town planners .
When you ride by bus , you pay more .
This could drive someone crazy and very miserable .
All of us spend a good time .
They even are not plant other trees .
We talked about a lot of things .
Nowadays , many people dream of being famous .
Think of celebrities for example .
If I am selected for an interview
Hello friends , you 're welcome to Puerto , here we have a lot of shops .
I thought that was only seen in film .
Summer camping is all about providing fun activity in a safe environment .
Second reason is that soccer involved for all players to participate into the game .
Consequently , you ca n't fun travel .
It has many advantages and disadvantages as well .
She felt butterflies in her stomach .
By doing the chores of the house like the washing is another way to exercise as well .
Starting to develop our nation , it is eventually starting an excessive use of energy and hence starting to destroy the environment .
However , there are various negative aspects to using com - puters .
That was the most lucky day from Anna'a life .
She was walikng around the city thinking about the job she just lost .
Best wishes for a beautiful holiday season and a very happy new year .
Nevertheless , his stay was not as pleasant as he had thought .
I have complete 6 months vocational cookery course .
1- Facts and Findings .
With your certificate you can easily fine a job .
Write to me about what were you doing there .
People seems to be distract from their real life .
They can drive any hour , they can to go and to come any moment .
City development is already under construction .
Also , it 's good for fit and health .
His name 's Roberto Cairo .
But the situation is completely different now !
I 'll say yes .
The cities are crowded and there are a lot of pollution with noises and smoke .
What if they forget themselves ?
The travelling by car is more convenient in my opinion .
Rafa Pons .
Although you do n't know how to swim , you would love it .
All the audience began to laugh .
He pushed the door and come in .
The young man dropped down the backpack rapidly and tried to run away .
The last reason is that Mt .
Not only children have one , grandparents have either .
First , running is cheap .
We can seen determine the future of transportation by differentiating the numbers of cars and buses .
These guy was called Mark and he was engineer .
Moreover , once you have a bite on sausage , you must fall in love with it .
As keep our mind good and healthy we need to spend our some times in sport .
Canada is a nation built of citizen - soldiers .
Furthermore , it also can respect for right s of people , especially for women who do not can adapt the hard training .
Apparently , this method has made a great contribution to the traffic in Beijing .
The director has wanted to make the story the best real possible .
I 'm writing to apply for one of yours advertisement publised in the local newspaper last week .
I suggest that prices should be lower than they actually are .
( Meredith is leaving for the day .
Four years ago I had often cold and recovery long period .
They hugged and smiled to each other .
Those two times has been with the orchestra that I play .
There are two things that most impinge my life .
I 'm going to talk about the famine and thirst in Africa .
Hope things are winding down for you well !
Amount of garbage is encreasing at the same time with encreasing amount of humans .
You can also shopping at the modern buildings and watch the beautiful scenery from the high building .
Have you ever been harassed by others ?
Is car driving really safe ?
Their lifes are focused on their careers .
Firstly , fast food is unhealthy .
but it does not means that public transport is not having future .
The impact of this fact has a huge consequences in the climate effect , in the futre the global pollution will increase according to the level of the cars .
When he was totally satisfied with his look he turned on and off the light of his bedroom eight times .
In that case it indicates that my favourite way to travel is train !
Anyway , I must go now .
Anyway , I must go now .
hello , my name is victor and I am going to talk to you about myself .
I am writing this letter regarding the announcement in the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
But sometimes we start to call our sisters and brother our enemy , without the reason .
The swimming pool is the favourite spot for building our condition .
You get such a warm feeling .
Machachi is a nice town .
On the other hand the pensioners will be sure in their future .
We are living in different places now .
This is a documentary about the science .
Three paradigms result from the attempt to characterizing epistemologically Spanish tourism research through the study of the AECIT Conference proceedings .
Hi my name is Christian but my friends call me chris .
Grandma 's wrinkled face can be horrofying at night .
Only by constantly do conducting my daily routine can I learn more information and become stronge
Nowadays , my favourite sport is running .
Suddenly , Michael saw his brother crying and he asked him " where is my playstation ? ? " . said Paul inconsolably and he run to the kitchen .
Students must take a serious assessment about himself .
Now you know what is sexual harassment .
I 'm doing it since I 'm six years old .
To sum up , there are lot of cleary strong arguments for against keeping animals in zoo .
How is the area to take care of the environment ?
I learnt teambuilding , discipline as well as teamwork through playing football .
The driver set me to a place where he know .
Talking is truly the unique way to get to know people and establish strong bound .
When I will stay with you I would like to go to a Spanish restaurant , Will you ?
As long as you can go with me just let me know .
I think the car is more convenient for public transport .
some people who they ca n't live without it .
I have got 1 brother , Petr .
Some people like to do shopping every day .
I went to London in April .
I watched a movie called The Help .
On the background you can see the river Amur .
I am very happy because the time spent very fast .
But in some day tow guise with quad bike and they saw some thing wrong they sad what 's that , they sow dead body , they skared and run to ther camp .
Thanks your letter asking about the Young people are interested .
I am writing as I promised .
It made me speechless !
People would say that travelling on public transport it is the future for our lives .
Michael had a very good and an old friend who had been with him in his goods and worse .
I hope that 's useful .
I was supposed to we were going to have a lunch together but he was going to come later .
For that matter Guido creates an imaginariy game for his child once they are deported to a concentration camp .
Start asking yourself Which one do you like the most ?
I hope my help was useful .
To go shopping , is one of these things that you can love or , like it happen to me , you can hate at all .
to tackle this problem we have to deliberately think about it .
We will go there next Monday .
Today , I would like to tell you a shocking news .
But recently I bought a cheap bike and really enjoyed riding in summer time .
Everyone from time to time need a moment of peace to relaxed and recover their strength .
The last step is the inspertion , sheete manually inspected .
But that 's not all ...
He came and the first word he said was :
Most of them are able to .
My learning and work capacity together with my enthusiasm are the core strengths could be of great help to your company .
She is pretty , smart and so nice for all people .
They must know , people will identifie them , walking through the street .
This is the innovation that such a worldwide media is bringing to our society .
I am an introvert too .
But it is important to enjoy yourself .
Their boss checked the work then .
First of all , the public transport is more rather convenient than irvate car .
I tried to renew my membership twice yesterday and there was a message of error both times .
In my opinion it 's have to be like brushing teeth .
These small thing gives me a lot .
You only have to walk through the road in front of home and you will arrive bus station .
The Shakespeare 's path to Russia was rather thorny .
But main concern will be technology .
Can you send me an offer ?
First adavantage , is Interent too much quick , for example when you want information about something .
Michael face was awfully red .
A mind that lost it .
It 's a must !
We must stop wasting our resources .
London is a very exciting city .
Her parties are always the best .
In other way , I never be a witness , what I have to do ?
It even helps reducing your belly !
I appreciate it could arrange an appointment with you to meet your service .
Do we need fashion ?
In this essay we are talking about above all with rich people .
Everybody got interested in the project .
Many automobilindustries are working for a new future of automobils .
Curiosity was written all over her face . '
I never mind what kind of film I could see .
It creates unreality and fantasy .
She has an important person to me since my 8 years .
Most of all Girls Play it in my village .
We can see each other in the centre and then we visit the city all together .
In order to do that , it will cost us huge transformation .
It 's all about lines .
It 's all about lines .
Beside the shops some nice bars and restaurants can be found .
You can also travel with your pet .
Basketball is my second favourite sport .
I hope to have said everything .
The most absorbing place in my town is obviously the Big Castle .
And think deeply the problem about protecting the environment .
Remarkable will be of course robots , which will help us in every day responsibilities , for instance in cooking delicious dishes , cleaning every thing in the house or even in washing and ironing clothes .
Media manager follow information on panel , change information depending on weather , trip and many other information .
They collect house hold waste in a dustbin and put off with proper standard procedure .
Well here , there are some advice or ideas that have worked for me .
You 're such a cute , little girl .
The life in university have a lot of difficult and interesting things .
It contains a liitle museum which is open for tours .
People try to skip Good Friday because , there is no feasts in that day .
example , is there _ park or cinema nearby ?
Words fail to express emotions that all participants experience .
Once he came , his mother asked him to up quickly acting that she was tired .
But it 's not entirely impossible .
In my country I have two sincere friends since we were about 7 years old and we still in a strong friendship up till now .
In addition , Junk food is very easy to be found out .
I really want to visit you .
Buses run with petrol that causes pollution .
Plus , watching foreign programs also could attain the goal of those people-- relaxation .
She always believed in such premonition .
Some people would suggest that learning new language before second school discourage their usual learning and that would struggle their understanding of other subjects .
About pollution , it is a big issue in public transport , with time if you try to fix the machine of public transport that will be coste , because with time the live age of this machine will finish .
When you start riding a bicycle , you first need to check if your bike follows the security instructions .
I 'm a worker person and I like children .
Because of his efforts that lead to the abolishment of slavery and the freedom for captured slave in the campus .
First of all , let me tell the adavantages .
your student , Zhen Xuan Wang .
If you come let me know do you like meat ?
I wanted to know how beautiful the woman was .
All our friends will be there .
Unfortunately , shopping also can bring displeasure .
But , why it will disappear ?
Let her shine as gloriously
People therefore find cars more affordable for them .
People hold different views about the causes of crime .
For example , making the life better and comfortable .
You even can take a rest for awhile pleasingly to sleep or to have a nap .
" he whispered , " someone can hear it . "
Now I 'm a business analyst .
So you could a lose weight and gained muscles .
I have had to put a claim because the company did n't resolve .
My bedroom is light and modern .
The soundtrack is not spectacular .
When he was a kid he wanted to work in a videogames shop so for his good luck it was available a job at Play Station store .
In my opinion the main course needs a lack of improvement .
It 's your big day .
I decided to walk to the end .
The door of the room is closed .
Although less experience is owned , they recognize what a child wants to do .
Besides , I am going to look migration of the biggest animals of the world - whales .
Teenagers are interested in music too .
He started running towards the light .
If this several reasons why you should take part in the event can not draw your attention , you may try to search some information about the event last year .
How are you ? I fine .
It ca n't be real .
Pasha Shubina
I love Arsene Wenger .
It is a popular English science fiction and it tales about the adventures of the " Doctor " .
Tonight she got the admission from Harvard .
There is a man who is most important for one 's life .
As times go by , technology is rapidly improving .
See you later ... " .
Anyway , it 's also some disadvantages of shopping .
With strong patriotism , Vietnameses nowadays are trying to develop the nation , to get in the globalization progress .
She always planned her steps carefully .
So we need a new system .
Another rapidly expanding social networking is Twitter .
I think this thriller is exciting because it shows a ghost with killing ability .
It has a pair of good tunes and they use them .
Federica Chiu
We live in the century of the speed .
I 'll write soon !
This restaurant should be the best for our class .
If you have problems , you can call me ! !
The flew chart shows six main steps in terms of making bank notes .
In public transport you must go to the points in the route .
Even that you have to find only three more players in this case .
Visiting Big Budda in Lamma Island , watch the beautiful night view in the Peak .
I have been learning English for 8 years after that I sat for FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I pass the exam , I start preparing a cetificate advance in English exam even more I could demonstrate my English skill , writing and spoken .
If it happen , you will continue doing the best as you can .
He took a few minutes for walking to the station bus from his house .
The company told Louis that they wanted to compromise in this project and help Louis .
On time , penictual
In contrast , you could suffer some nasty cuts or , even though , being sunburnst .
Consequently , I need to swim usually .
I must be looking like them from the side .
And media appear on the scene .
I have made many mistake I guess .
Music is the nutrition for our souls " said in the popular proverb .
The marketing departerment also gives me the responsibility of publicizing events via Facebook .
Educational and medical assistance , as well as infraestructure improvements are some of the recent advancement .
Public transport is becoming no future because of travelling by car is more convenient .
For example , in work interwies and work that have a direct contact with the public it is better to use a for or smart style .
My problem has always been vocabulary .
I want to this course , it helps me to enlarge my vocabulary .
Furthermore , ticket prices have been increased rapidly in the last years .
SHOPPING GUIDE FOR TOURIST
I was so exciting and very happy .
Have so many educacionals programs , like Animal Planet , and so many others .
but we also must coparation to save our town . on the other hand we must Presentation awareness program for all people .
Great Eats !
Here are some tips about the Egyptian people
I think you will like me .
In Roman and Greek cultures , people believed in garlic 's magic powers to avoid the Evil .
Not with cold and spacious rooms .
I can also look about the astronomy , the fisic , the chemistry , the biology and many other range of the science .
Primary school , the best moment for learning , children are easier and faster to gain knowledge .
We appreciate kind and hard working people .
his new book was all about Paris .
Some people do not want to buy things by network because they want to try on for example clothes .
I have known Tom for more than 10 years for both personal and professional reasons .
We eat a light meal and fruit .
And , of course , to add up an extra actvity to my CV as I am used to do every summer .
Better live in a cottage .
We 're expecting you !
Adrián Mares .
As like this in all my heart .
The days after we were in a parfurms and I bought a present for my mum .
It 's near the mosque .
3 . The changing room is very clean
You are sitting on a comfortable seat .
It is more time efficient and in my point of view it is more easier .
Finally , all the student should be taught lectures about the environment .
Third school day gone , one of the classmates caught me in a hall and asked if I want to join them tonight for dinner .
What and amazing day!",Max whispered to himself as he into bed that night .
Therefore , with the good UI design , many people will have the user experience with pleasure .
Michael made a very bad mistake ....
I heard you will come to my country .
Potatoes and meat are popular food between our people .
I recommend ' Friends ' to everyone .
I consider me a responsible person with the ability to be able to face any kind of problems .
My favourite team is Chelsea FC .
I always wear a mask , I can be myself only with my close people .
I am English teacher now .
When they got eighteen they could get a good job because of their good studies .
I am writing to apply for a job in summer camps .
Public transport system in the UK has so many problems to solve .
Mark and leave the most difficult ones in the end .
I 'll tell you .
They are doctors in a serious hospital .
It was a sunny and hot day , Peter decided to go to the waterfront promenade and have a walk .
Easy availability is also tempting us for fast foods .
A true friendship itself forms on a base of strong mutual understanding and this takes a good deal of time .
Could you see how easy and regular life I have got .
I am afraid more people pass through for the same thing
They took her to the hospital .
Therefore , Taiwan would not be sunk down like Greece .
I have already been on camps before .
the football is a sport that group and fun a lot of nation .
So I would say those types of acting are even in the sense of external factors .
Is it true ? I agree with this statement .
Customer satisfaction is much great when he gets service which has value or quality much greater than he expected .
This facility helps the general people in saving their money because usually these transport are the less costly .
The second section is printing .
On the scene moves very well and know how to take pleasure to the public .
It is personally concluded that this kinds of developments will be put into the action for all schools shortly .
Many people oday have pets of all kinds .
I liked that time a lot .
She said , money can make everyone hurt if it is not settle down very well .
Huang ji huang specialized in the stew pots menu , which will take you to enjoy an authentic Chinese food .
Above all , the design is the most previous way we should know , which is considered with the background color and artwork .
The lyrics will be explained .
the film explains us how happened the fact of the same way that in the near XIX century .
That 's the main reason I love it .
They all were tortured viciously before death .
However , you must go and know these unforgettable places .
I have experience in looking after children .
No ' she replied .
i do n't have a favorite book .
Therefore , I expect refunding my full amount $ 180 as soon as possible .
Eleonora Palerma
But I fell into a grave .
The girl liked Michael 's friend Henry .
With the rise in time , the entire world has become one concrete jungle .
4 . Everything was kept neatly .
And it 's sooo bad .
There is a strong argument for believing these resources can prejudice their writing skills .
A net took place from South of France to Switzerland , espescially to try to save thousands of Jewish children .
The TV people know what to play that the children get addicted to the TV .
There comes no surprise that it is totally difficult to find a necessary thing with a good price in a defined time through a crowd .
Otherwise , the opportunities for a job here is quite a lot .
You can offer a delicious coffee , tea or cake and you can watch the beauty .
Every year the price of public transport turn it up .
The Asian restaurant Tian review
Some martial arts are not really sports .
See you in a few days .
A day at the races .
Maybe in the future will be worse .
Also in the sort way , we should go walking to the destination.icle
The tool to communicate with foreigners .
Now Italy has quite problem with the occupation , it 's very difficult to find a job and the most people find a job in supermarkets .
A new pieces of bank notes is printed completely .
In this article both sides are discussed .
You just have to keep looking .
It actually took me there !
I exactly do n't understand why people want to learn about private life of politicians and film stars .
To conclude , I hope my advice should be helpful to new starters of the sport .
He never left me alone .
Nevertheless , in the last decade some neighborhoods have taken conscience on their context .
However , I always can recover my energy after having a little nice chat with my family or friends .
My colleagues are brain - damaged .
One day he woke up much earlier than used to .
If you ever do need more of these proposals , you can reckon us !
The meals are English kitchen and with some of European plates too .
This system relies on the tram .
Deffinitly , No alwyas , It depend on the kind of programme , but I Think that nowdyas a lot of televisión ofert help to the people develop more effectively .
Our team won this match .
And it 's all that matters .
You have to take vary much cares when you carry humans .
I was there with my friend .
This is another critical step .
Most scary case I heard is that the ghost pulled hair into under bed as stabbing chest with a sharp gimlet .
My father also uses this road .
Their needs speak beyond intellectual hunger .
Simple , the new generation decided do take your driving licence and I saw this around me , my colleagues , my friends , my family .
Then is printing with special ink .
There 's nothing like eating !
Just being with him is enough .
How 's it going ?
Peter got so scared that ran away .
RECOMMENDATONS
I am waiting only to go there another time !
Its very simple and wonderful sport .
Because I want him to talk .
It went out of control and they started fighting .
We play by teams or each one alone .
I 'm not sure .
The transport construction and economic development has a close relationship , and utilized of land are more important .
Celeste Arenas
I am quite interested with how the stars are going on .
I am hardworking as well .
Secondly , it can fly .
It is up to you !
Scientific approach is more important to deal with problems , beginning with determining problems and then studying all factors and related information .
I am wiring to apply for the vacancy in your cafe .
Because , war destroys mankind and countries .
It not just fighting these sport give people durability , speed and power .
I am really very proud to work with you , you will see my wonderful launch and dessert . Thnx god to give me this job .
On the other hand , recently , more often many new and more advanced projects are realized by daring architects .
In conclusion , shopping might be both : enjoyable or not .
for carreer has 80% under 26 years old students are taken it , for the age over 49 years old only has 20%people are taken ; but if you counper interest , it is totoly different ; for under 26 years old have only 10% ; but for over 49 years old it has 70% .
Because I do n't know how to use it .
There should be a bar which is 24 hours opened .
Although the medical skills get stronger , the percentage of people who get cancer is still improving .
I pondered this many times .
I realised it is not worth it .
In my point of view , this subject , the sport , the favorite sport is one of most pleasant for me .
For me , the sport is very important .
I am aged 20 and currently doing a Barcelona University degree in PE .
In my opinion public transport souldn't dissapear .
Public transport is common means of transport used in many countries ; Usually transport people in mass from one location to another ;
His sister is six years old .
they use a bat and a shuttlecock which is like a bao feather .
And that 's talk about the bigger area , Taiwan .
This way is to facilitates classification of garbage and transfer each sorts of rubbish to specific place .
As a consequence , they forgot their first language .
He must began to be the king .
In these days , we use cars to travel between countries .
I am into it because it is quite catchy and spectaculous .
The invaluable thing is to turn the impossibility to possibility .
Cause all these reasons I believe the transport will have big future .
The concert was very good .
I really enjoyed answering parents ' enquires and introducing our school to them .
I 'd prefer that people express their good behavior independently of international sports events .
He led me to a room which said ' Happy ' at the door .
Ihope you consider me for this job .
THE BLOG I FOLLOW
there were some words goal!keep doing ! keep looking!said her mom , Look !
Myths and facts about frozen shoulder
My favourite trick is nutmeg .
Also I can work long hours .
Besides , we can learn something knew from books .
He accompany his mother at the end of his room 's door .
Public transport is the backbone of a city .
My father has many hobbies , he plays foot ball , reads newspaper and listens to Radio .
I recommend you to use public transport .
As well as , the higher administration in Training & Developing directorate selected me to join focal committee to buildup competency system for petroleum staff in corporation with the British government .
Nowadays I usually went back to the swimming pool in the weekens .
From my opinion , the best way for learning really good a language it is living in the same country where people speak it .
One basic solution for this point is try to not take a shower for so much time but taking it with a bucket and a few minutes .
Everyone deserves his own privacy , own peace , time just for him and famous people too .
I am a very hard working person , organised , calm and friendly person .
Today everyone knows how everything is easier with technological machine but it 's more sad because you ca n't compare your thoughts with nobody .
He has a short light brown her and black Eyes .He has a light beard .
But it also shows the new products .
My favorite is Narnia .
Honestly I 'm not the best cook ever , but I can make a few good things like scarbled eggs , pasta and meet .
Do you mean surname ?
He could n't believe that .
Luckily enough , they may end up working in another country or their hobby could become their career .
I like to dance a lot .
Do you do any sport ?
In today 's class , we were discussing about wheather or not we agree to the common enourmous payed salaries of fooball Players .
Well , that question has been ringing in my mind for so many months .
Underground metro in Riyadh is one of those projects .
I think the alcohol is the most dangerous addiction all around the world .
What erer , if it change or not , I will like it more than any place in the would .
Lastly , hire spokesperson consequent high cost in promotion .
Although it was n't , he had forgotten to unplug the iron .
The city of Old Thebes
I was manager at retail store .
It all started very naturally .
But the engineer ignore this circumstance then a helicopter comes to safe the residents .
I wish that you be able to go to the wedding .
I was waiting for you email .
My favourite sports are basketball and martial art .
You are invited of course .
After the agreement , Agatha come back home and in first place she call her friend Michael for telling him to go to her .
He was waiting for her response .
There will be any poor in the streets .
In addition , the location of large college is clear and the center at the city , so that easily accessible .
Personally , I agree with your parents .
Why do we need music ?
Here you will find all trendy brands and much more .
We stopped our car to a road side tea stall to take tea .
They are of great influence on younger people .
It will automatically diminish its presence .
Everything was going good except his behaviour with his friend Kate .
I found your web site and this my first try .
Tell me everything about your new girlfriend .
So there he meets the oldest - gorgeous Marcus ' sister and he immediately falls in love and since then the go - between appears in the story .
- ... You never change .
It was late Summer in Africa .
Fortunately the train tickets are cheaper .
UNEXPECTED VISIT
There are more than 200 old , abandoned , local buildings in our capital city .
It made me fit and strong .
Moreover , not all teachers have the ability to design a high - quality course map .
Thanh .
People who have facilities to buy or finance something and looking for convenience , have a great desire to buy a car .
Our cities put off to much carbon dioxied , making the gobal warmer .
I had a lot of friends , too much friends ..
It 's extremely exciting !
Furthermore , as the programme is endorsed by European Union , the trainee disposes of accident and liabiliy insurance .
A traditional Dutch meal which I think is far more tasty , consists of little thick pancakes , served warm with melted butter and icing sugar .
I do lots of activities with them ..
Every place has its own distinct features .
It happens not only because of environmental aspect , but mental as well .
In the gym they are many people .
Man , when was that ?
This is very cool experience for me .
It 's unhealthy and dangerous .
But is this idea a way to reduce the bad habit of consume noxious foodstuff ?
PS : Merry Christmas and a Happy New year !
Moreover other costs will act upon the prices of travelling by private vehicles .
In particular , an efficient public transport impacts on :
How rude of you !
I enclose my CV to complete information .
Meat is perfectly prepared , whether you ordered it bloody or well done .
I plan to give hand the freshman translators in the Ministry to precede their career under my supervision by couching and mentoring them .
Children have to take entrance examination .
There are some reasons for this situation .
The staff is also very friendly .
The film that I selected is starring by Scarlett Johansson and Brad Pitt .
This is my wonderful day .
She slowly started to smile .
In many towns are built underground parking places , where you can leave your car when you have some work in the city centre .
Then both kids realize that something is going wrong with them .
Garbage truck pick up them twice on the week .
And magazines are full of those things .
So parents can be the best teachers regarding their emotional closeness to their children .
Thousands acres of forests to be destroyed , letting the climate change .
It has a lot of historical places .
But it is not famous and we could n't go to in the world .
First of all , the products are manufactured must perfect meet the requirements of customers .
I think that this class discussion could n't true .
When you come here send me a text .
The home of the future .
The home of the future .
He is orderly and Clean man .
Every movement seem to take a minute to execute .
Education 's greatest purpose is to encourage student to attempt and learn from the fail .
It was the Seventh day Adventist church which the ritual was to worship on Saturday .
A review about medieval Turkey .
Is that present for me ?
On the other hand , I hear people are generally convivial and nature is beautiful in Cornwall .
I have to go now .
However the best option is that you came here and after I present my friends and their fathers because they can help with your job .
Maintaing cars are expensive .
Where could be better ? !
I wonder for sixteen years .
The boy had a mother .
He is confusedly in love .
I screamed and it started to bleed really much .
I will get some information for you if you have interest it .
And these are like nodes on the tree of Shakespeare 's genius .
It 's really good !
Lately I have seen a very interesting announcement in International Sports Monthly magazine .
I was so extremely happy .
For example , they have Internet access .
Then handed me a box and walked away .
In the future I will enhance learning strategies by working actively in group .
They 're enjoying the view .
leisure time together .
leisure time together .
They do not have enough food .
It is an old city , with red buildings .
Peolple do n't use the five seats of the car to go to travel .
But if you have much money you can go and by something from the fact that you really need .
It is a known fact that travelling by cars is less green than by public transport .
I stayed on France with my friends and my teachers .
The governments did n't had been giving good ideas to improve the public transport .
If you are wanting for more information , just contact us .
The number three called bad sheets , they will be securely destroyed .
Now , we forget big dinner table that are fulled with family members .
However , public transport is not threatened by car .
Actually I play in the first divission of the club River PLate from Argentina .
The train of Karate helps me overcome many difficult things on my learning way .
My favorite subject in school is probably Swedish , English or biologi .
But , is it really necessary ?
What 's that ! ?
" The Good Samaritan "
Some more they are needed to pay a parking fee for parking .
Now advertising is a big part of modern culture .
We can easily travel around the world .
And we have some other media gadgets .
Hope you have the chance to see each other next month .
I think public transport is very important .
HOW ARE YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ?
And I think that iy 's not a technology will change but the people and their caracteres themselves .
Nowadays we are in the same situation .
It has all kinds of food even the really fancy ones .
In the former , people have ability almost equally , and value interpersonal relationship .
some day i want to go to Bali because it 's seems like a really nice place .
Because public transport have a fixed timetable .
All the time , we are learning more for our various wishes .
The gym has many problems that we are gouing to explain :
a lot of us never think before they speak and that is not good thing to do .
I admire extreme kinds of sport .
There are an incredible amount of things to learn .
first the restaurant have wide variety in his food .
In addition to that , you can take some rest amidst the journey .
This sport are for real men .
About one month before departure , they search over the internet the places that might get interested in their mind .
Was it the best part life could offer ?
There , is another issue that is due to huge transport but little bit road they are not wide enough so that most of people are distributed due to these issues .
I grow up in Machachi .
Everyone use public transport every day .
That was a mistake .
Nowadays , many accident happened when they were driving their car .
I do not practice swimming in competitions but almost since I was 3 years old .
Suddenly , a thumledown cottage emerged from the darkness .
A car crashed and Marcuangolo started bleeding .
" Cada"s product has the highest running costs with $ 1,200 .
Good part of them will be packaged and disturbed .workers wll cut them and deal with them carefully .
We havent't talked for ages " .
A finally idea , football makes us enjoy our life and increase quality of life so far after working hours .
It 's really delicious !
We also believe the college benefits from our Club .
Rivera is a friendly and lively place
We had very , very good weather .
And then for the preparation of metal plates , the skilled and machinists is considerate .
I hope to have satisfied to all your questions .
If it so their will a time when single people will not interested for public transport .
The next day , I was reluctanted to rise and class .
But is it really the case ?
Cyberschool is when students receive
I 'm au pair .
However , the newspapers still have their lead in that perspective .
He decided it 's time to face his enemy .
Playing the cricket will gives relaxation and reduces stress .
JOb and social life both play important roles to put people 's lives together .
Would you like to improve this course with me ?
I love taking care of kids .
We do it for hygiene !
Is it only him or she was wearing a sexy dress ?
It was his turn now .
People used to use public transport a lot .
Today is a very important day for the sake of his future .
She read a note from her boyfriend Tom .
Consequesntly yo can be stole or get sick .
He attended in a local motorcycle race and won the 5000 $ cash prize .
If you want to try it .
I like watching movies a lot .
When I had 4 years I went to live to Ensenada because my father worked there .
How 's school going ?
Without any doubt our life is changed quickly and we do not realise about this .
Scientists and researcher jointly work for carbon emission lessening .
Secondly there are not much variety of dessert mainly fruits and puddings .
The waiters go out of their ways ' .
For example the paper or the wheel .
It 's over a high hill with difficult slopes to arrive because the most important property is it impregnable .
Wednesday , September 30 3015
His long lost best friend Sara .
I think I have sufficient background , my GPA is good enough .
Usually I only play basketball in school .
He said to himself as he whimpered .
We can take a trip by boat .
I learnt lots of things such as dealing with money and tickets and watch movies freely .
My favorite international league is the English premiere league .
Also having some pictures will be a great idea .
This way they would be doing physical exercise .
Moreover there are discounts for regular journeys .
I have to improve my writing .
They will only follow the orders and wo n't be out of time and there would not be any arguments .
The public administration helped us when we showed our solutions .
We also count on the following services :
In 1960 , computers were very basic .
I have further professional and personal references .
MY PARENTS AND MY ARE FELLING PROUD FOR HIM .
the movie I 'm going to be reviewing is " the purge "
He falls in love in her .
After , I was living in a flat .
Both are very important in my emotional stability .
I have been living in New York city ! !
So he was her escape .
But how to get a love when you are invisible ?
Technologies are moving on in high speed .
You should take advantage of that !
As there are different kinds of materials , dirt . some are renewable and some are not .
She was sitting on the chair .
Another problem might be the timetable .
Travelling privately makes one free of the issues as harrasment .
And there is a good communication between us .
People spend their first salary to buy a car .
It was an incredible trip !
I think they are our first friends and our first confidents .
It depends on whether the sheets are in good or bad qualities .
Nowadays basketball is spreading around the World .
He looked to the bathroom door and walked to it .
So we can say that travelling in their own transportation is more comfortable .
It is located between the neighborhoods with the aesthetic character if the alhijaz design area .
Moreover , he found being famous extremely irritating .
-ja amm second ?
How the English say : better the devil you know .
Emily knew she would have to come to a decisión son .
Watching the Mediterranean sea .
This is such a chronic problem in all my country .
My favourite sport is jogging .
What the hell she was doing here !
my favourite sports are gymnastics and martial arts .
so the government must take an action to make it easy .
She was starstrucked .
The advice I would give to someone who starting this sport .
So , he decided to ignore him absolutely .
Finally , Public transport 's cost efficient .
Minimal investment with huge benefits
" I am a porter .
It not always work correctly .
But Michael was n't worried .
Money : essential for youngsters ?
They enjoy both local bands ' production and some foreign songs .
The main character is Tim .
If everyone 's demonstrate a better culture , it is possible to improve our environment .
Commonly , the dreamers say that they ;
I study English for two reasons .
Despite that , there are more reasons to go studyng away .
So , let me see .
It makes it possible to study and do research easier .
I think you would love it .
If people can rent this movie or watch it online I would encourage watch it as fast as possible .
Her voice was weak and shaky .
We are complying to the norm .
I like playing games and read .
At some means of transport is too crowded and you haven ' t got a place to stay .
I am interested in the work .
So public transport is improved continuously .
At a summer sunset , Mt .
I am from spain so my foreign language is Spanish
Describe a supermarket near your home
In the world very famous sport festival is Olympic .
A big city with more than one million people .
I am speaking about the mobile how it changed our life .
She try to have a slow talk with her son at his room .
Each year was nearly the same .
I was looking for a job .
The worst thing was to find it out at the airport .
We love to travel there and here , but this is the place I wish to go long time ago .
I go with my older sister , daddy and mommy .
With talking her for a few minutes , I become too happy .
I have already checked my family name with student service on last friday , 20 november .
Hi my name is Elliot and I like tv games and lego .
The trend of personal car is increasing rapidly .
That make their happy and additionally make loud .
Many people around the world follow passionately international sports events .
It gives the impression that only going and coming in a big car is the main purpose of the tour .
To ride is another suitable option , if the weather allows .
There is a lot of work during the concert preparation .
He picked up the keys from his pocket and approached carefully , holding his breath .
whether you had more questions about me I 'd be glad to answer .
however she took the half of the money because of her brother .
Why have I killed him ?
yesterday , I watched a science fiction movie called blade runner .
people are interested in everything unknown , mysterious and incredible .
You wo n't regret !
So the convenience of travelling by car is not totally true .
I gained a lot of experience while organizing an event .
Sadly our car was crushed ... in big and busy intersection !
Michael showed up his strength and his attention to details working close days and nights with his engineers .
It leep me positive mood .
Rosetta becomes first spacecraft to orbit .
As you know , I adore Madonna .
But those countries are very developed and they have any facilities .
Thanks so much for your last letter .
Everyone will have his own car .
Also , under the harsh training , it trains my willpower and setting goal .
What can you possibly do ? "
But most importanly , one should enjoy all of this with fun .
He has a strong voice . that with his appearance , looks him impressive .
They looked really cheerful and excited .
Shopping with someone would be great .
I do n't recommend it to children lower than thirteen years old ,
Now he was famous and everyone respects him .
It just winds me up .
I will never forget it .
In this essay these worries are studied carefully .
Tuesday we went to visit the Sainte- Croix Animal Park .
In conclusion it would be a good idea and a viable way through sponsorships .
I 'm glad I finally heard from you after all this time .
1083 ) .
Or maybe she wants smt else ?
Computers can help you with your homework to find the information you need .
Riding the horse gives me a state of freedom .
No because I am pessimist but due to several factors and condition allow me to divulgue my opinion .
I work out the problem easily .
As i recognized there are severeal way to improve because we are trying invent a lot of thing every day .
Science fiction magazines and stories spread .
Can we negotiate with them ?
My favourite sport is handball . I play it every day for 4 class .
If you were hungery , there are some restaurants a fast foods .
I was overwhelmed with grief .
You definitely have to visit it .
On September I am going to Madrid to studying the master of
In contrast , nowadays , the books are not necessary at all ; because of the internet network facilitate even more the knowledge .
I recommend you more the music classes but that 's your choice .
In the past , I did some exercises .
Taiwan has a complete traffic system .
Therefore , he concluded the course by making color considerations and showing proofing and printing .
Then all got special clothes and dressed up in colourful , old - fashined dresses .
also the main drawback of cars is the environmental pollution .
Nowadays , almost everyone has a car !
The aim of the two personages was to gain a piece of land in America .
This is an old petition .
Who can blame them ?
You could low the prices a little bit .
Thankyou for your time , have a good day !
People are getting anxious about their privacy and the trip time .
It is all our plan .
I want them to be happy .
Visiting their own country certainly has its advantages .
Ann dressed in her wedding dress .
During three years I babisitted my neighbor 's two daughters .
However , there are many reasons can cause the business dropping .
Self driving cars are very modern and drive with a very highly technically software .
I was born at Danderyds hospital , 2003 5:th September .
Nobody likes stairs and lifts .
SWIMMING THE BEST SPORT IN THE WORLD
Some are private and some are public .
it 's r is n't clear complety , but I sopuse it depends on chenging habit of life in developing process of our sosiety .
- Yes , of course .
in a one on one role .
It makes my day more productive .
I hardly recommend whoever to play soccer , because i 'm sure that they 're going to enjoy it very much .
Nowadays we see an enormous improvement of infrastructure .
These types of culture will oppositely exist in the future as an effect of social media sites .
I remembered that my childhood was very quite , happy around dinner at grandmother 's house .
Football is my favourite sport and I think it is never going away in my life .
We have started to struggle alone .
Then the tourist went to this building to find a jobs to get money .
The pensioners will receive their money when they retire .
And so changed the old music to the new music .
He was taking care of her so that he was prevented from going to university .
Sorry again for all those circumstances !
Lara Calvillo
Can we say these players participating in the game ?
I think it would be the best advice .
All the best with your project ,
Then the daughert 's Stefan , Aurora , goes to live with three faires .
Recycle plastic , paper , cardboard etc , by poblation of the most important neighborhoods of my town is a way to improve the environment .
If I knew about the thing before I would invite all my mates .
However , Granada can not be considerer as Ciclyng Friendly , there is less ciclyng roads than in other cities of similar size .
he learns how to composition and plays some kind of ancient instrument .
I strongly recommend you to go and see the film .
Secondly , the writer claims that the stone balls might be us as standard weights to measure .
Why did I choose it ?
Thank you very much for your kind attention .
One of them is Canton Tower .
She pursed her lips .
Thirdly , from aesthetic point of view , it was call the beautiful game by Pele .
They always look at me like a kid never grow up .
They are closely located the local art gallery which take about 15 minutes to go by foot .
Shared cost let the huge expense on developing and building the public system possible .
Usually her dog had a blue color but at that moment it was Red
The most beautiful museum in Mexico
And the reasons for visiting our zoo ?
Monday I came back to London and my holidays had finished .
I 'm trying to drink a cup of strong coffee but it does n't help .
But you can tell me other option when to go to your home .
Sometimes people will do anything for some money
Why should you contact me ?
There also a lot of plans for the futre , in order to start using electric cars .
And now , if a day I do n't have any practising , I will feel bored .
I live alone , so I cook always my food .
Adam and John was very angry .
Worker are off duty , taking bus to home , too .
However , I find traveling by my own car much more advantages than others .
In addition we could play outdoor games and they may do paints about the landscape .
he thinks that he did the right thing then went back home .
Japanese people take interest in used clothes .
The equipment is very important too .
Thanks for your good wishes as well .
But there is a big problem : the people 's culture .
Talking from the outter look , one can easily see that Scout is not " the usual " girl .
In order to reduce energy consumption should be made so that as much as possible lectures takes place in the day time .
I encourage you to try it .
She had just wanted to hide from this world .
Garlic is a plant , member of the lily family , with an odor and a taste characteristic .
Public transport is one part of social development .
By accident he thought .
Maintain eye contact .
It can be classified into four types :
We are damaging our planet .
Everything is possible as long as we have effort .
Now I am twenty fiver years old and when I was teenager I lived abroad twice .
Cristina Vargas
If I were you I would pick up the one in the avenue , because of the facilities
Also I always work with children and I have a teacher certificate . I'm a friendlier person and I have a good curriculum .
Public transport or travelling by car ?
Even the way of studying has changed .
Jorge was a kind , who won an important battle against Arabs .
The main course may consist of a risotto with fish , which can be really thrilling .
Everyone on the organisation was kind , helpful and cheerful .
It start with your work life .
Each of the cities has unique set of transportation means .
The director does not avoid brutal scenes because those are exactly parts of real life .
To learn , to read , to be knowledge .
Personally , road safety can not be ensured with either former or later methods .
My teacher wanted to our speak to French .
Why not do it now ?
It was amazing event !
I 'll do it .
Because it teach as the meaning of cooperation and leadership .
But the form of using cars could change .
It was a great time .
Remember this is fundamental for each interview .
Such experience has been an eye - opener for me .
He had the insight that the experiment could be something vital to human life .
My town was located along the middle coast of Viet Nam .
Also there was a lot of different channel that we chose .
My favourite team sport is football .
It 's not true .
Those above reasons could influence the business in Central Plaza directly .
Additionally , taking public transport cost less .
Many of the people habituated to use their own vehicle as their transport , where they can reach their destination in time .
It was thinking about this major problem that , the governments from around the world has launched the greatest and ambitious plan .
I look forward to hearing from you early .
They make it hard on purpose .
It will make people feel comfortable .
Do you run a course which prepared for this difficult exam for me ?
Both the movies lead happy endings to the leads .
This may cause people in getting late to their particular destination .
Do you want to know how funny it is now ?
Thank you in advance for considering my application .
Our curiosity is not restraining .
And the solution for the second problem is that you have to do maintenaits ouans a year .
2771 YJ Amsterdam
The picture illustrate the progrocess of making notes .
And I am fond of Russian team .
I think I did my best .
Now I go to the gym and practice weight lifting three Times A week , Exercises aerobics every days and yoga two times a week !
We can consider it as the main problem of traffic jam in the island .
There have been good progress in transport in both the aspects .
Its multiethnic population was the reason to organise and held the Festival of national cultures every two years .
Keep it in mine what you should do before buying your own dreaming TV .
It 's ordinary bodybuilding .
To sum p I thonk it is enevitable .
I would like to visit is Germany .
The chefs take great care in selecting the best quality ingredients .
School , a place with diverse students along with their attitudes towards lives , might be better than learning merely with the parents .
I 'm pregnant and we need to solve this out .
As well as the historical city , it is short and narrows streets .
Although the two movies are of complete different genres , similarities still exist .
Some people prefer play together but also there competition between players .
My boyfriend become in my husband .
What 's the reason ?
Guys should not go to snowbording .
I wo n't be much problem for anyone .
It was a scary situation .
It 's easy , interesting and funny .
I would like to recoomand friends to visit Italy .
We will have a robot servant .
Shakespeare has done it again !
In the present world television is very important .
It is always interesting to communicate with natives of a foreign language comfortably .
They together come back home and spend rest of the day together .
moreover , sometimes why do n't you run in the morning ?
It is crowded at rush hour .
Even just in cities , let it alone travelling at long distances .
At a glance it seems very original and particular , is n't it ?
Also I like watching every kind of film .
Do you have any Diffrent eating customs ?
Unfortunately , it is not perfect .
I can not find the reason .
It was a really challenge for me to live alone .
- I am so sorry Madam , excuse me for my blunder .
It was not easy to leave a daughter go on her own .
The person that do not have to save large amount of money to buy the car .
Moreover , in Red Square one can see the Muasoleum , which is also can be called one of the symbols of our capital and the country .
it is out of the question the take care of the environment is regarded as turning point in our life .
Not everyone can buy a car .
I have experience taking care of children .
The salary is nice too .
This work needs lots of patience and time to finish it .
Michael had exactly the same problem .
I left my car in the plant with the orange color , but when some day later I looked for my car I made it in the plant of the intermediate color .
Clothes theme is harder like I said before , because fashion
We can not stop changing but we can guide it to the a special benefit which it makes the life easier and more comfortable .
That is the key !
Also I have gained communicational skills speaking with the children and the families .
However , the more we feel convenient , the more damages to our intellect .
New technology consists , for instance , in smart phone , tablet , pc .
Moreover , I do like looking after children .
Easter was coming .
To : manager of the centre
This is depending on the believes and the cultures of the people .
I am sure you have .
I do n't do sport now ,
Let me introduce our city curiosity .
Nect , printing , sheets of bank notes printed ( 50 bank notes per sheet)colour on both sides , and specWell , the most important step is inspection , we should printed sheets manually inspected .
Sport has given me a boost of vitality , energy , optimism and strengthen the immune system .
I loved to climb from the word go .
The public transport is cheaper than the car .
But I also have other tasks .
He suddenly recognized someone , Molly .
The first reason is no other than generation gap .
I am writing to apply a job for summer camp .
It was an angagement ring !
Except that , every room will be full of interactive gadgets .
Buying cheap football has wretched arsernal team several times because of lack of experience of the cheap player .
Because in occasions It 's very bored .
He is really tall hi have 202 centimeters .
He is cute , anyway .
From the Red Square you can easily see Moscow Kremlin , St. Basils Cathedral , the State Historical Museum and Gum Trading House .
The Home of the Future
We learned enormous heroic stories about how those heros scarified their lives for victory .
If the sheest is in bad quality , it will be securely destroyed .
There were many specialists to repair , recycle and collect products in Edo .
So she prepared her luggage and she went to say goodbye to him .
He invited all of his friends .
My mother make me start .
I love bwrite but I not confidance with my grammar .
There are some disadvantages of banning cars .
Health care system also helps the parents to care of their children , because of people can spend less money to recover their disease by insurance .
Her teachers complimented her as being focused , creative and eager to learn .
Communications - it eases movements from place to place
We enjoyed to swim in the sea , had a sunbathe , had a barbacue and saw sunset .
Kiev , Ukraine .
Then , it is cost effective .
The television commercial presents information to the audience in a straight - forward manner .
An Unforgettable Lesson
It is another method of admiring girls .
Today 's television is really good .
The last thing is history .
So I think my favorite sport is go walking through the nature .
If you believe that the media says true you are wrong .
The surveys were concentraded above all in the construction site of Mapello .
In my opinion , that was the main reason for wheel invention .
We can change everything hurt us if we need if we have volition
A few weeks later saw the occurrence of their first fight .
In desperation , he stepped to the river bank .
Juan Farías
When she saw the second time , she found that was Amber 's backpack .
I think they are really cool .
progress of integrating to their culture .
Prices are more than good if you consider the high quality of the dishes .
How can one know they got the talent ?
when I was child , I wore usually blue , grey and red colours .
All these points are support the importance of the public transport means , and ensure how useful they are .
And because of technolgy our lofe become easier .
AIESEC members live an integrated development experience .
I know a good restaurant .its name " moon light " it is locatedin Abbas elakad st .
At first , he just pretend as nothing happened .
And always do some morning exercises .
Anne was very surprised and happy .
You are advantage if you start when you are young .
Why do I think so ?
See you when you arrive at Mexico City
However , one of dreams is keeping in my heart that I ca n't forget it forever .
You may have thought theatres would be fashionable place for the royalty , courtiers and merchants .
My father was rung for friends but unfortunately no one could help us .
How will be our life in the future ?
What heavy was that teachers have already given us all homework for the week .
It is a bit far from my home , behind the fuel station once we left your car .
we will do home works at home and send it to the teachers .
We will search the market demand based on our core products , also produce high quality products .
He seemed as my boyfriend .
- I must find her before he does it .
it all started when I found a book on the bus .
I hope to see you quick .
They'll be glad to help .
It is an important city and there are a lot of attractions .
In the future people 's live had better .
we sit around together and talk about where they live .
What I am most interested in , is a room with a fall 's view indeed .
It 's really expensive sollution , but we must do that for
I should go in October .
she wasted it she can not get it back .
Second , learning ideas and concepts support self - education greatly .
However , I wonder if you cold tell me when it
In this way we can have the possibility to change .
These shopping centres , full of people and noise , are crazy !
" Atacama 33 "
Hope that the next year will be better .
It has been suggested to offer " work experience programs " .
I am not a professional player .
He did n't feel anything .
Secondly , I save water and electricity , because costs are quit expensive .
You wo n't be disappointed .
Cars are very easy to use .
( With this letter I 'll send you my new photo , but ) anyway I think you can recognize me by my old photo .
In my opinion I Think it greatly depend on individual financial situation .
Since my graduation I acquired wide experience in translation .
Drinks are apart of the package .
We may become friends in seconds .
Nowadays , our team have grown up and we are thirty people .
The atmosphere is very friendly .
He is from Giresun .
It is my birthday tomorrow .
Is a package that includes the Starter , main course and the desert .
Most doctors recommend doing this .
There 's be no humour to make it interesting .
And now I am running 4 miles a day .
As his mother he would work as an advocate .
Besides , music also has other benefits .
I definitely recommend that album to your collection .
There was once an interest saying that North America are the nations on wheels .
It is really very very big .
when I 'll leave of the underground in the station wembley park I going to the wembley stadium where I will enjoy an evening of football , the match started at 8:00pm
Secondly , having a car implies different costs to be afforded .
However , when she had arrived there had n't been anything but a barren desert .
Why have you fridge in every single home ?
I can say that is the most natural move for human .
Birds returned from warm countries .
I almost eat it all !
Is something on his mind ?
She was sure about that .
This place has some restaurants and sport bar 's when I can talk with latinos and I feel at home .
If you are not very hungry .
Also I have learnt the communication skills with others and be considerate .
Yours , Geédes .
The damages which the impact of the debris caused to Shuttle were catastrophic !
Other girls left out earlier because they prepared something special for her .
In some place , you will find difficulty in finding it .
It give shades , shelter to animals , and purify air .
They need to think again about the budget and all of the stuff .
Most of the people know a lot about him .
Her name was Lora .
The group is named Hogwarts
I will elaborate points to support my opinion in the further paragraphs .
This will enrich your personality .
There are the three following reasons .
It was directed by Richard Curtis .
There are so many temples here .
It was the hardest thing !
To my mind , beautifulness of music does not depend on its sorts .
Is a language that many people speak and known .
I made one week a internship in a restaurant in my village .
Plastic substances should be reused .
In this step , the workers should tell the good quality sheets from the band ones .
We never settled for any mediocrity .
There is another problem relates to safety .
I was part of the team .
It is so much more convenient .
As far as I concern , there are a bunch of reasons to support me perspective .
There are also good pubs and restaurants .
Yara finished one of your training .
saddenly , an old carried a heavy load hit him and fall down .
And he knew that Sarah was in the hospital .
The other reason for Martin Luther King was the right to vote for the afroamerican people .
I have just received your letter .
It was great idea !
My favourite restaurant most have good meat and be really nice .
Asking him was useless .
And also we could n't choose programmes .
How many of us stand from our bed already exhausted from the only thought of getting into a public transport ?
With kind regards , Catarina
like 1 meter and 60 , so if you love this game you can play it no matter what
The theme of environment is very important nowadays and can cost a lot to a country .
Machines can tell us lots of imporatant information .
I want to give advice for children .
Actually the castle has been restored and has a historic museum , also have a great hotel with four stars for tourists .
Those films are really good , you have drama , romance , and thriller , those films are very entertaining .
There is no sport like football .
Organization is the key .
Moreover , it is quite optimistic that people will need more it rather than private transport .
I 'm looking forward so people will have more interesting by this case .
The literature review contains three main parts .
This technology will be improved furthermore in the future .
Maybe the shape of homes will not change as much , as the internal .
I agree with this point .
The year off gives the apportunities to get a job .
Maybe I had n't enough time .
Also you will managing approx . 16 person and you will have a full privilege to handle them as you like .
Every big city in Poland is very similar to each other .
Badminton for every Age
If this happened in café Noir , probably I could lose my job .
But Sri Lanka cricket team could won the World cup 2014 .
The latest is transport of choice of most people because its passengers very rarely lose time in traffic jams due to dedicated railway passages .
Michael understood that he must take away .
First of all , the food was very delicious .
Problems with the current website
Admittedly , I do n't know it myself .
The brazillian educational system should be aware to develop more students ' language skills .
I am fond of running !
Every debate has a hot spot .
I am enclosing my CV .
The police was gon na come in any time .
We 're still in touch .
AIESEC has 64 years of experience in developing high - potential youth into globally minded responsible leaders .
It was really by chance .
Which of these is better ?
I did n't have anything news about you .
Why do I recommend it ?
Visual advertising like painting uses color , value , space and line .
Amr Hamdani ,
Here in Brazil is very difficult take care about it because it demands serious behaviour and skills from our gorvernants which unfortunatuly wo n't happens in a short time .
Why do I enjoy running ? .
General public are using the public transportation more than before .
it was very beautiful , because I can see much films free and I meet all the young people of my country .
For instance , in winter , Mt .
Uncertain future for Public Transport
Two - three jogging in a week is norm for beginners .
I live in the one of the most beautiful countries - Ukrane .
I look forward to hearing from you
I needed money which I can spedn during study semestr .
However , he is not typical .
In Lublin is a beautiful castle .
They showed me everything I should do .
Sometimes it happens that a couple , which has a child in age from 12 - 16 , querls .
I have father , mother and three sisters .
More things that could be done
There is a great public transport syste .
The first one claim that shopping is a big pleasure and fun .
Thus , states should make it possible to purify the wastewater to an enough safety level .
March 21st , 2007
We have to be very patient .
It is small and quite city .
It literally looked like a piece of abstract art painting .
I like it so much because it 's dramatic , action and adventure .
She has even got a boyfriend , Michael .
The main advantage of learning per Internet is time saving .
Reduction in financial support from foreign charity foundations leads to make our camp not possible to happen this year .
Good luck with the upcoming exams !
My goal is an admission of National University .
Zahraa .
Everybody think that home is refuge .
Moreover , developing latest technology about purifying ocean water can be regarded as a viable alleviation strategy .
Every person will have a plane .
For summit , came to live to Tijuana was a really challenged for me .
How do these people find the spot .
These happenings are not strange .
My favoutite character is Joey , who is a silly innocent man .
But when she ca n't go I go Alone .
Then the sheets of bank notes printd .Printing colour on both sides and sprcial ink or images slightly raised .
I am cheerful and hardworking .
Had he seen it all ?
This is so sad !
So it is what it is .
Scholars only could enter by a small gate from aside .
That makes us sad .
But it 's so simple .
I am a homebody type .
What the fine weather today !
You can learn correct Postures in classes .
Without knowing it , I was preparing myself for a position like this one , such as working
This was worked and we could backed to drove .
Cantonese always spend their holiday with their child here .
Finally , I am suitable to have an interview if you consider positively my qualifications .
what about the one next to the shopping center ?
So this is my week .
I look forward your answer soon
I am now a housewife .
I prefer to travel by train .
To coming to my accommodation , firstly you must take the National Express ' coach .
After this event I can cope with everything !
After I was in home on dinner time and some dessert .
I decided to organise a casting .
Some passengers were hurt and weak .
Transport polution is one of the most dangerous .
What game are you playing ?
Implement each council and tell others about your improvements , is a good way to help others .
But , on the other hand , because of recently traffic has been terrifically unbearable ; cars are so many ; very noisy , unclear air produced has become the public transport better to save earth .
But for Michael , she is his world .
All the best , Ivana
our next generations .
It 's my passion .
You will notice how the improvements come up without thinking too much .
My neighbourhood surround by the large sequences of mountains which they have scenery view .
Aactivist of animals rights claimed that the reason is the keeping animals in zoo .
Should smoking be banned ?
" You must do the thing you think you can not do . "
Now she is extremely angry after human beings did something really hurt to her .
Even the preist doesn 's know how to help the unhappy familly .
I have lunch at 12 pm .
23.05.14
The rest of the diningroom is exclusive by eating meals .
-Oh ! Really ! I am glad that you 're doing well ! -Luck said .
As a reward for their efforts .
Then they are always crying and yelling like wild goats .
We prefer to Take A Flight To Hawaii .
Compare to our classmates or co - workers , the members of our family know us the most .
You can take a bus there .
All but one - Michael .
So they have aware to keep the city reach that .
It sounds like a scary science fiction , but it may happen if we keep pursuing only values of materials .
I work at a gas station .
Now a day 's we are having " n " number of International Sports , where one can prove their own talent and have their socialism .
THE BIRTH OF NEW STAR
another disadvantage is the unclean chairs in the transport .
I love my family , we argue hardly ever !
There are lives in our hands .
It'll make you learn faster .
MY friend was travelling there , she was talking to me about it so much .
The way of life of people has began more and more stressful .
Firstly , for the long - distance , the car is not as convenient as airport .
These is the most mistake I did in all my life !
I choose none of the above .
Usually journalists also following them all the time .
She asked him to go .
I do not travel too much with my friends .
I introduce myself : I 'm Italian with an obsession for the English language
Hi , I 'm sangjin .
How are things with you ?
I am a PhD student in university .
If we talk about my favourite sport , basketball will be .
I hope that we could work together .
The best course of action would be government attempt to allow people volunteered in conscription when they completed their studies .
There were some aspects that I was really unaware of them .
Could you imagine my reaction , when he told me about it .
It 's worth it !
They are even not allowed to have anything for their own .
It 's the most popular sport all over the world .
It can have influence at their work .
These also can be a problem because recently they are falling because they are older .
After going to learn English class on 3 days in a week .
He was doing well despite his sad life .
i hope that you will try on it someday and realize it is correct
This essay evaluates whether its demerits outweigh its merits .
Now I have more energy and health to become happier .
I love India so much .
Pollution of the ecosystems is groving to in these countries as a result .
Best places to young people visit in New York ?
Why we make mistakes ?
I hope I helped you .
I spent last night in this hotel .
Many people use their car alone .
There you can taste our national cuisine bud also their international cuisine is tasty .
Also you can use the bus .
we wo n't use oil as a fuel .
Then , the dogs can break the bags and eat the rubbish .
And the income that is getting through this servicing transport will automatically dropdown , which create a problem to the economy of the government .
It was a lovely day .
My family is my world .
One also learns to work hard and disciplined in order to achieve success .
Tong Sun Ku
I recommend the Hungarian National Museum .
The concert was great !
Resultantly , they put their children into some labor so that they can earn money for the family .
And at last , it is really fun to play .
I recommend you having a look inside just in case .
Last is the key step , inspection .
but what is the common reply ?
Two of the principle reasons for this are as follows .
Unbelievable !
Thank you very much for your last letter .
The future remains uncertain until the economic situation gets over .
Renée Kwakkenbos
He produces doors and windows on wood .
Subject : Opinion on what young poeple are interested
Well , humans become more and more sedimentary whith the pass of the time and forget about interaction and mevement .
In spit of that he was dessed up on time .
As he pumped down the stairs , wings flapping cross Cairo .
Secondly , governments should teach their people how to protect the environment , such as destroying the farmland too much is a bad choice .
I 'm very pleased to your invite .
The food is always fresh .
Seoul , in Korea , has many places to visit which places people want to visit .
It is all very religious .
Today you need more than what you needed yesterday .
It has some disadvantages like , it hasn't a praivte parking .
The great men and successful guys became fame and rose by a suitable use for time .They guide and source of inspiration for a new generation .
Unfortunately , truly it is n't so amazing like it seems to be .
Abortion can be given as an option in life threatening.pregnancies .
There are no winners or losers .
Social networking is a tool used by people all around the world .
And when the weekend is coming .
What a fine day !
Hi readers of international sports monthly magazine .
What is your favourite food ?
NO one at all .
it has 2 different cinemas , one with Imax option .
I think it will be ghanged to be come bubile city and contin more of high building .
Finally , I personally disagree with cyberschol .
so have you ever asked yourself Television entertains , but can it also educate .
Further , I worked as an au - pair in France and Canada , where I watched over 3 , respectively , 2 children .
In future he wants to get a general .
Cooking has been my favorite in my life .
Name of the factory is Baťa .
But I think that not many change .
The job , provides , as well the trip , responsibility and experencie .
And what is inside that building ?
Besides , I also so good at dealing with people .
I find it difficult to have a healthy way of life currently .
I decided to solve the case .
It may difficult for you .
Because school teachers never encourage me to participate .
People were very worried about her .
Could you please recorrection of my family name .
Relax and enjoy the moment .
The best thing it is what stay for visiting .
Michel arrived more early in his home this day , and when his oppen his home door , he saw
Public transport is cheap and friendly for environment .
In Sweden we have very good education .
The discovery of electricity has increased our productivity greatly .
we wnet to the Trocadero .
Transport will also respect the environment and nature .
The people should walk more than before .
Anyway , taxis and official vehicles are free to enter whenever they want .
the movie which I have chosen to write about is microphone .
He brought a letter for me .
It is a very big city .
Could you help me please ?
They are passionate by that they do , more concrete those are fall in love with their job .
According to supporters of it , there are many benefits of genetic engineering .
we will find a new resources for energy which will be clean and cheap .
First point , which I would like to menchioned about is cost .
It is a very cool mountain .
He explain that he saw that girls in the beach .
Just after the French Revolution .
I cook every day different and healthy dishes for the whole family and they love it .
We all have things in common like driving scooter .
It is bound to be at the top of my list .
What a boring situation !
Must be Interesting the development transport Even fits the times .
It presented a politician , an economist and two envirementalists .
If I play with my best friends at football I will be a goalkeeper .
It was an excellent night .
How did this happen ?
This effect always leaves people suffering later after the usage .
The roads can be frozen .
The wedding of my niece was celebrated in Barcelona last weekend .
I am a very stricte keen ecology person for 10 years .
Like the male respondents the girls interrogated go regularly to the cinema .
The first reason is Mt .
become more healthy .
What is my favorite sport ?
It is not easy way but it is necessary to do it .
Not car though it 's convenient .
Because it 's very comfortable .
Besides , good products with reasonable prices will always attract the attention of customers .
I can give us an example how big cities around the world can reduce more contamination .
They sing joyfully and build the nests .
His favorite food is grilled steak .
I checked connection between Warsaw and Berlin and she might be at 11.10 at Berlin Ostbf station .
Your party sounds extremely enjoyable .
Michael stopped and hit his enemy .
Unfortunately , he refused me .
To begin , all is very difficult here .
Buses in need of repair
But nowadays , cars are one of the reasons to cause the earth warming and air pollution .
No future for public transport ?
No future for public transport ?
No future for public transport ?
They would not consume such amount of beverages .
in my opinion this serie was wonderful and , i hope for the next one !
When you were a child have you ever asked what are you able in ?
But how will change the people 's life in 50 years ? .
First of all is convenience .
It rather had the same shades with medieval maps that pictured dragons guarding earthen paradise somewhere near the shore of Indias .
As the technologies world is moving fast and the auto mobile industry is also coming with new variant of cars & scooters in very economical way .
My favorite way is Train .
Nowadays , in some determinate cases , people when they pretend to get a good position or be promoted , they flatter .
But what will be in the future ?
There is n't any animal on the farm .
I would like to invite you in exciting job offer for your weekends in my cafe .
That slow - motion action is so impressive that I have been seen that only for one day .
The exam had made that I do n't practise much sport .
How about Red Square ?
We ca n't breave we will die , too !
To a country , robotics could be new weapons for the future technological wars .
I agree with the statement .
The writer manage to catch all your attention .
When somedoby to get at home he wants only relax in front of Television .
Perhaps being familiar with robotics and good at operating could help out of this shortage .
However , I disgree with this idea .
My bedroom is quite big .
I can give you another example .
One day will be like him .
Let us see counties that the US introduced " democracy " to it .
Moreover , nowadays many education channels are developing to help the students .
They could live with this fact .
My first day at ACU came to me as a surprise .
Everyone , even his own Sara .
The answer on this question depends on the fact in which place you live .
She wanted to surprise Michael with delicious pasta and some rose wine .
She was very shy , sensitive and embarressed .
Whatever are the choice , they will have the mark in their lifes forever .
Kyle is really prideful , but so are all the men .
I am 25 years old and have just finished the university as a sport teacher .
Also , I have very Friends .
once moment lost is lost for ever .
A lthough some people prefer individuIal games , but I prefer team games .
On contrary , other failed sheetes will be disposal and destroyed with band notes in a secure way .
The photography is also good .
Only by talking your points with your parents can prove all the problem .
letter written to report , about awful environment situation in my city !
I worked for few diffrent companies and asocations in past .
The actors and literally amazing .
Nice to hearing from you .
We can briefly describe the overall structure of Temper of Literature which consists of six parts .
Once you start playing football , on a young age you get really better at football .
I had absolutely no idea .
Chemistry gives us more tablets .
But , when our friend in common introduce her to me I realized that she was a funny and nice person .
Recycling wastewater is an effective method to solve water scarcity problem .
" Welcome to your tombstone , hackers "
The price of each kind of product must suitable with consumers that the enterprise directed to .
As a result , we can have a public transport more comfortable .
That makes them healthy .
they spent their life helping us to be good men .
Everybody was friendly to me .
To my mind , shopping has both believers and opponents .
However , as the skaters suggested , I bought a pair of hockey skates .
we will become robots , no longer people !
One a day she decided to pass away all of this thing and get started something completely different .
Since I was a kid , I have started to think of being a teacher .
I miss Casino so much .
China has not take any further action .
Then we go to the Big Ben .
At that point I would let his talking go without stopping him from interruption .
Temple or Literature ( or Imperial Academy ) can be seen as the most featured historical place in Vietnam .
As he thought as he done .
Everyone has their own favourite sport .
I do yoga to aid relaxation .
I will write about my village .
I am a very well player in this , I know play it very good .
I 'm taking care of a horse called Lady .
I was so surprised !
What will be the same ?
I know that you have experience to search the best employees and you have quality .
Visually colors ranging on the screen were the black and green .
I decided to stop this and one gorgeous morning I starting running !
The sports game events are opportunities to strengthen the friendship between the nations .
Suddenly , the man went back and looked at her .
Cars are here to stay .
Hello Jo , my name is Mirko .
I ca n't suffer even a second 's moment of our awkward silences .
With the coming of cars , people are using public transport rarely .
Be someone famous for a day
It was a well planned for a holiday .
It depends on the capacity of children to learn more fast than the old adults .
When we attend a school we often waste time on buses which we may intend to studying .
Many people linked and bought my hand - made toys .
Recent graduate vs. experienced worker
Written By Herbert Ernes Bates .
Class - E power amplifier satisfies those goals with linearity techniques .
Hello , my name is Zabrina .
Tears automatically falls down her face .
We lived in a time of accelerated changes .
Therefore , Educational institutes should encourage the student attempting the field which unlikely to succeed .
the atmosphere is also very good has music in live with different bands .
Sport is very important part of a healthy lifestyle .
The more they sweat to chase their dreams , the fast they ripen and prize what they earn .
The holiday you can go for a walk with a cat .
They lived happily ever after .
For these reasons , I prefer the common way than studying online .
The surgery was successful .
Although , each house can make a real difference by taking good care of the infront area and keeping it clean .
Do you remember Peter ?
He goes inside it and discovers a half decayed body that was compatible with Mendez identities .
Do you fancy for coming ?
Governments should do some measures to deal with build more buildings will destroy the ecological environment .
The car could be broken .
2 . Postpaid roaming markup
I had been following series of football 's events in and around the world at large .
But -- will it always be the best choice ?
I love it so much .
For instance , people need to many places to build the modern society , so they fall down lots of trees , burnning many glasses .
I worked at the backstage of rock concert !
So I always recommend go .
Though public transport are cheaper and one could get to know many companions , increase network .
All photocopiers show a very low warranty price .
It 's really important .
We all wear clothes , do we ?
In " Cardas " case the amount is $ 600 and " KDs " price is vagualy $ 700 .
I 'm very happy .
He also participated in the school football team and won the state club .
Waiters are always smiling and they are very nice .
That means he is a careless , who always drives too fast
The restaurant appears very elegant and traditional .
This initiative will surely help countries to reduce pollution .
Being there has some advantages and disadvantages .
Will you help me ?
Printed sheets will be manually inspected .
Sport is connected with moving a lot in any case .
They was doing rites of pilgrimage .
Pros and cons - cars in major city centres
Therefore it is an important that we should cerebrate this problem .
I will teach you how to satisfy a lady tonight .
Another useless thing are gossip .
She was waiting for him .
I watched almost every shown movie , some of them for more than once .
Once entering a class , you are able to fully concentrate on the sport .
However , the art and science museum , it could be the funniest plan .
You gave me a fantastic new saying you are coming next year !
It is true that both are advantages and disadvantages .
The advertisement is about 16 seconds .
There is also a building which can be considered as an interacive museum .
Yours faithfully , Julieta .
English - I find it greating !
Lucía Orellana
I had been worked in ABC restaurant until last year .
The Chachas Restaurant
In fact above all about rich families the children are in trouble with their family , above all when they have their parents separated .
It was my best friend .
A flat world is created by the internet connection .
There were a lot of them .
I come back home on the sunset .
One could almost feel the silence .
Despite the private service is very expensive it is efficient .
We found your audition amazing .
you must not wait for your car but you must wait the public transport .
There was she , staying front me .
I go swimming a public pool .
Her eyes gazed to his lips .
I am not sure Vastervik has that kind of clientel .
As following desriptions , namely , Design , Preparation of matal plates , Printing , Inspection , Packaging and Distribution and Disposal .
You are late to your death date "
The hudsband of Grace is called Charles .
Everything has to happen fast .
the younger brother is 25 years old .
I was very happy because it was my first competition .
Nowadays , due to the actual economical crisis its construction has been stopped with an undetermined data .
The old man became very excited and glad .
She could be in danger .
Eating with strangers .
The other person was n't convinced howewer .
I 'm living in Taiwan , Taichung .
Nowadays people are depending on them too much .
The online visiting is a good point in this case .
Funding for the English Language Club
He 's very friendly .
Sometimes I got rid of my stress .
But in the 17th century there happened a miracle .
There are widely different views on the public transport future .
The plane which travel from Egypt to Russia was explosed by terolist in last month .
Compared car or bus , the car is the most expensive than bus , because the car is comfortable and faster .
And now , I am happy .
The public transport do stop more time that the car , this transport go direct to its destination .
It taught me the meanings of teamwork and leadership .
Why is that so ?
For this they must possess a healthy life .
Now , It is holidays and we need or we want to meet the places around the country .
Presidential election will begin in Taiwan next year .
It was a calm evening .
Music helps stimulates sense and focus attention toward the advertisement .
It is n't good .
I 've booked the ticket nearly one month before the event .
Have you bought any equipment yet ?
Summer is great because it 's time to hang up your shoes and relax .
Except from that I am getting well with children and have no problems to work in the kitchens to .
What disadvantages does it have ?
If you travel with other people it is the same expens than public transport .
May be for that I have a high regard for the road .
" Tock " .
" Tock " .
There are also many disadvantages of television .
I have an experience of working with children .
It was a great experience .
They can do nothing that could n't be gossipped about .
Have you finally asked Mark out ?
Second , shopping malls have full places of advertisements and loud songs playing .
Firstly , people do not have to buy their own cars .
And I enjoy it very much .
THis is important because it is important to have somebody to rely of .
As we know every person wants to get success in their respective lives .
They had all worn masks .
It was done very natural in their lives .
Environmental changes really need in the current situation .
People currently seldom listen to the radio .
Meltwater News
Re : Application for Primary 1
If you ask me , who is the person who I admire the most ?
It 's since I had six years hold that I try this sport .
My view of eating habits .
My village has around 700 residents
Either , he have an enemy that was trying to extinct his love to run and getting him out of the competence .
You will love it ! !
Family members are the people who will company us in our whole life .
I 'm a veteran camper
Wydra
Everything that happened to us was too good to be true .
I looked forward to go on the beach and to swim in that wonderful wather .
But alas ! my dream did n't come true .
Hope , You will be free at 6 a.m.
What is your last neame ?
Why people become homeless ?
At a nice day , my old brother surprise me .
Computers do things that humans could n't , or it 's very difficult or it take so much time .
The computers will write what you think in , the mobiles will be smaller and less weight .
I prefer travel in the car or motorbike , i am feeling security .
Audience would boo and throw fruits to the actors in case they did n't like them .
I know she is ill .
, To have more fun with friends whom we now in our summer holidays abroad .
The main reason for people do n't like to travel by public transport is due to overcrowding
I am interested in work new work environment , kindly reply
story she read .
Among these places , Mt .
It was difficult to tell .
No future for the public transport ?
But they were lovely and they decided that get married in 2010 .
Outside the school , they send their kids to sport Centre or go to the social activities .
I have played for 12 years .
It 's really dangerous .
- " Shit ! "
He is young and handsome .
I patiently await an answer .
There were people from Russia , Germany , Brasil .
They are very useful and speedy .
This would gradually kill public transport .
As far as I am concerned .
I love this new place .
I hate them wholeheartedly .
Padel is a sport activity where you can enjoy with other three friends .
He mentioned about an important point for doing a good research .
In my city , we have not a regular care for the environment .
Three years ago , I was working as a Spanish teacher in a boarding Australian school .
Another idea is ride a bicycle and to walk street .
All in all , I stil have a memorable vacation .
Furthermore , I want reduce my weight as well .
I am glaed to hear frome you .
Thanks again for the lovely experience !
And you never , ever , will contact with other people .
They have to use public transport .
I write down new French vocabularies or grammars into my notebook .
Another important activity is swimming .
At last , it is not expensive at all .
Therefore travel by car is ready by now .
Thanks for your e - mail .
Thanks for your e - mail .
You always do something wrong .
Since this time , we stayed very linked until now .
we already did a lot , but still to do more needed .
Her grandfather , first doctor in the family , was her authority .
Books , books and again books .
There is n't anything special what I dislike maybe except for the music which was used there .
We face difficulty in reaching in our own destination .
It 's really fun !
I encourage everybody to learn languages .
I hope you are well .
I hope you are well .
According to the past century , we have seen lots of change in the world .
My name is Sylwia .
Technology is one of important part in our life , which has made life more convenient .
I 'm fifteen years old .
I 'm fifteen years old .
Education does n't lie on current affairs or related concepts .
I am writing in response to your adversiment SUMMER CAMPS .
How was the trip ?
But , some people do not think this like this and take it more simply
I entirely share this idea .
Try to be spontaneus and not too much sliced .
4 ) Think about your initial physical conditions .
Then whatever the opinion you get is the result of the social situation in what you live .
I used to travel on buses .
I hope it will hepls you .
I was always having things to do .
The personal were n't so much helpful , but someone luckily gave me some advice , especially the porter Artan .
Thanks a lot for your support !
They sometimes almost fight for it .
He died during the demonstration .
Is he feeling bored ?
Vivien Alberta
They believe that it is unnatural .
I am keen to run during the night time .
when am in the court other side participants are fear take off my service ball and am very at my position to cover the entire court .
He decided to join the class .
Only a decade year ago , robotics was just limited to scientific research .
As a result , I am enjoyable to study accounting .
She knows all about me .
If we consider all the factors mentioned above , probably much people will change their mind .
People using new technique has gradually constitued the majority .
The qualified and nit damaged severely sheetes are supposed to be packagd and distribued , which will be cut into separate bank notes , packed and then dispatched .
Now I will discuss both sides .
It is said to happen once in life .
Magali Hervieux .
My opinion is that a minimum of money is only necessary .
The other advantage of the swim is the less impact the knee .
All along he was wrong .
We match clothes stile with a lifestyle and a personality .
I'm 22 years old Egyptian .
The press editors often alter details thereupon they get selling well material .
Learning languages is indeed difficult and painstaking .
I am available in summer whenever and wherever .
I know it 's too late but hope you guys will support me .
I 've met few nice people and we had a great time with them .
The service is really great .
Success makes me keep going .
The study results showed that people who ride transportation .
there are so many reasons that could be affected to public transport system .
Do you like it ?
And I would like to encourage everybody to prove .
sukh was so angry with him because he heart her a lot , sukh refuse to give her laptop and her brother start again fighting with her and even he slapped her sister .
Please , drop me a line as soon as you can .
This being said , you can imagine the atmosphere being comfortably airy .
spyro in Kalithea .
I will talk about passion in a life .
Yeah , fist time is ok .
The pollution of many car is so much .
My favourite part is listened to a guide introduce to panting art .
After you can take the bus , which drives you to Chiari .
Beacuse , what is proper in living when journalist following every step the famous person takes ?
Parents told me that grandma is a very sick person .
The public transport has plenty of advantages .
Firstly , create your timetable .
You can play it in every age .
Because all the people have got predicaments .
He mostly played with number 10 even thouhg he also played with numbers 80 , 45 .
I have formation in basketball and Physical Educations .
Furthermore talking with parents can provide argued with them .
And for spring and summer they open a beautiful and large terrace .
I went to the same park .
Fortunetly we were backed to home healthy and happy but very very tired .
Let me know please .
I take care of them so it feels me a useful person .
It is another way to discover one culture .
I can speak English very well .
Its inhabitants move around exclusively on their own cars .
Buses are very crowded .
Only if all of that is guaranteed the motivation will rise .
Furthermore I enjoy being able to recognise the different species of birds .
There are n't other options .
We were really afraid . '
Michael was a 25 years boy .
I really love that beach .
they nearly always reply with their occupation .
Suddenly he felt brave and unstoppable .
Designed by famous decorators and their partners .
The action involve you and you can stop reading .
I received your letter yesterday .
Besides , a traffic jam is another problem .
The reason is that TV viewers watch them simultaneously .
Maybe she is afraid of dying alone .
Autumn is such a calm season .
However these news can be false .
I think that the students will not forget very soon what they have learned .
I 'm keen on individual discipline .
It is not only worthy to attend the street by day but also by night .
What is my city clean .
He took a deep breath before leaning over her and kissed soflty her forehead .
I do everything but nothing .
If you wrong , I will fix you and if I wrong , please fix me .
It has five stairs and one of the tallest historical building in Kyoto .
Maybe you can consider a bit renewing there with new classes , such as kickboxing .
Keys wo n't be necessary anymore .
Instead of celebrating it , she somhow inhibits Scouts learning .
I hope you would like it .
1 , Álamo Street
Therefore , busses are not running as often or reglulary as they used to .
Are you studing mathemathics for your exam ?
- Gasoline is too expensive
It is well worth seeing !
Simply , come and watch .
Shopping online is neither , from my experience , a good way of shop .
If we take these measures within a short period and keep it for a long time , obesity and overweight problem would not happen in our next generations .
The populations estimated around ten thousand person .
Her struggle for survival occurs to be successful !
In the evening I watch movies .
Do you remember it ?
Many people follow fashion designers .
Depending on the season , Mt .
They had a lot of fun .
To my mind this mind not right .
A lot of them .
To aware people by run awareness campaign .
Plastics are non - biodegradable which degrade after 1000 years .
We need a vehicle to reach our work place .
The Wawel Royal Castle is an obligatory place to see , while visiting Poland .
We need more caring person !
I 'm sure .
And how is your family doing ?
On this point , there is second reason I can say .
Now I 'll introduce myself .
In Polen we have a lot of interesting places to visit .
It happened in May 2008 .
Times in which we live are conducive to addictions .
they must find a solution to this difficult problem .
During our dating he was very charming and attentive .
We fly at plane or something other .
You can enjoy your time here .
Last summer I spent in Oxford , UK studying English in language school for ESL learners .
The Active Leisure Club
It is more than thousands of mails long .
How does the town treats the environment :
We had so much fun !
I am an excellent cook .
first public transport is neither comfort nor safe .
To the door and open it , result that was my brother .
How do they know .
The running costs will be decreased .
It would be grateful if I could be selected for interview .
Fuji is allowed in late July and August .
Margarita Gavrilova
This museum save the historical collection of the spanish royal family a lot of centuries ago to actual time .
Nevertheless , people make this compassion tided away , because it is too painful for them to stand that .
Now I have about 100 and more in future , I hope that .
I responsible for selling the moive ticket and have a good time .
It is cheap and eloquence .
The first stop for most visitors is the church because the neighbors clean and cared .
The mechanic should have the ability to afford drawbacks of the job .
You can meet every kind of people .
-Yes but for what ?
Oh my God !
Trivago ' .
Wednesday I went to try for horses with my godfather to possibly buy one .
looking at the information in more detail .
However , there are a couple of small sugestions .
To combat the distriction of enviornment , this is a serious problem throughout the world .
Traditional energies are focus on give to big cities all the resources .
The cleaning services work well .
Main course is very heavy - lot of potatoes with meat .
We took the local bus and we arrived at ten in this place .
All it begin when daughter will come to visit her mother and her step father .
reception who can speak another language over Italian .
Sometimes , they are happy , sometimes they are sad
I love its soft hair .
I watched a Greek TV show .
Being fit it 's nice ! :)
He stepped into the room .
come visit the land of peace and civilization .
what is that ? " he thing .
The most significant part of the
It 's about 6 euro .
It is from bachelor programme to 1 year 's programme .
Thank you for giving me the chance to transfere the information as per your request .
What is your favourite programme ?
Tris sighed .
FILM : LUCY ( 2014 )
In the old age we calculated number by our brain that might lead to some mistakes .
Summer is really little life .
They all were keeping their fingers crossed .
It will be very different .
I 'm from Brazil .
Everyone is afraid of something .
The topic of the two passages is about future use of hydrogen based fuel - cell engine .
I was getting really bored .
I was just selling tickets .
This week we are flexible to come over from Thursday to Saturday , and the days before only in the evening .
Michael believed his mother although he observed marks of hitting on his wife 's shape .
It was a normal Thursday .
so I was handing leaflets everywhere .
Basketball- the best sport ever !
87 , Southend Close
I inform you that I 'm interested in the job .
Angry like a tiger , or something else who 's bad , naughty and terrific .
I hope this information can be useful for you .
Its known as the gentleman 's game .
That day he came a hero .
They can quickly to feed his baby .
Finally , TU - Clausthal located in fascinating nature .
I think that the main problem of the piblic transport is the infrastructure between villages and small cities , because they only exit between the great cities .
And today I got normal fingers .
She is tall , Slim and straight .
There are so many questions .
They definitely had different idea of poverty .
This restaurant only has a little problem .
There is a coffee table made of wood with a clear glass .
It is creepy feeling .
If you want to meet somebody strange , do not leave your friends or family without knowledge with who and where you want to go .
You have to carry on .
The car is very easy
London is a good example and Barcelona too .
We can go hiking and climbing .
They have to find another work .
Moreover , insurance , petrol , repair fees are very expensive .
I mean a timetable punktuality , time interval to tne next bus and so on .
Write to me as soon as possible .
Write to me as soon as possible .
Michael has been cheating on her .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Train , bus , Mass Rapid Transit , and air plant .
accepting applications at the moment .
But lot of peoples saying that , the zoo can protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .
However on Saturday I went to English classes in the evenings .
His party is always fun .
They can explore cities in weekends or academic breaks .
Moscow traffic is awful .
Nonetheess , it helps to shape your own personality .
And the paintings were on the museum again .
After that , the pringting process comes into play .
In addition most of the people are not used to walking on foot even in short distances .
What a pity , that you haven't been there .
Next year I 'll be a PHD .
Probably us , as human race necessitate of this kind of things .
I tried couple of sizes to see which one fits more .
Summer vacation is so desirable that those in school or workplace long for it .
Finally , it is environmentally .
But Michael sometimes has problem .
When I live in university , my life has become change a lot of .
These are very nice castles .
Have you ever travelled by plane ?
I am calm and confident .
He had forggoten to go to his English classes .
Sebastian
If you want information early morning , we well can get newspapers in your cabin .
Finally , I saw a light to appeare my eyes and I woke up .
Secondly , Eveybody seeks safetiy in their lives .
we ate the food and enjoyed a lot .
We were three years old .
Mistake ! !
of fun and play with family or friend happily .
Just a few , right ?
Finally , we take the FCE exam .
( Lier.l,1988 )
I am eagerly anticipating to hearing from you .
The Information trhough of the Internet , had beem each day more quickly and it is reaching all parts of the world .
Home should associate with family , happiness .
When I was eighteen years old , I went out of my home .
We can define it by list of TOP music charters on music channels .
All of the crew but two were killed .
We have a good relation , she is my main friend .
And it is going to be for all the eternity .
They can see there 2 brown bears and lots of souvenirs shops too .
Everything felt amazing and beautiful .
I loved the apples !
Like glass , plastic or paper -containers .
l wish l have come at weekends with my family and friends .
Everyone is in a hurry .
Everyone is in a hurry .
He always to fix the problem , but his father says to him .
GOOD POINTS
You have to catch 712 bus up .
Personally I prefer different movies .
It is like you design a chair and the people to take without paying .
She must be here .
This provide people who want to go to a place that distance is not too long .
Letter of Recommendation
The most people in Sweden are christians .
How is everybody there ?
For several times I have already been on the similar position on a camp and looked after the children aged 8 - 12 .
Moreover , Trivago is trying to enhance the company image in Hong Kong .
Transportation does not make a matter because it has got many bus lanes and bus stations .
Subham babu .
The situation suddenly changed .
Michael loves to play football all the time .
Although , there are not showers , and this really is a negative aspect .
he went through the park where children playing around .
Shopping guide for tourists .
I have read your hotel 's advertisement about Niagara Fall 's romance package in a newspaper .
What can we say about our ecological consciousness ?
YOLO !
They can not enjoyed this chapter with oung and fresh thoughts .
I prefer travel in the car .
In conclusion , sport is very necessary and useful for you can improve your life .
Patrycja .
We have a lot of fun .
To come to the point .
I am a good cook .
I am a good cook .
He was not helpful and unpolite .
There is good pay also .
I do n't ever forget that day !
An Important deal , is never quit .
Bright future for public transport
It gives the students the freedom to choose his major and the teachers .
My mother also like this show .
Being the core of culture of a country , it influences on national fame .
Where should we meet ?
My favourite sport is boxing .
so I decided to learn swim for summer vacation .
Besides , different training has different safety requirement .
She must be irrational .
I like it very much .
I konw that you are like me .
Humans life also want house , And transport facilities .
Transportation help us going abroad more quickly , even come to the space by a tour .
I admire her very much .
They are simply too expensive .
I agree with you about the future for public transport .
It will be not tredy because everybody will have his own car .
Well done , Carly !
There are a lot of opportunities .
Furthermore , if I were you , I would go with engaging in healh club .
Please , help me find her .
In addition , the fuels price is increasing during the last years .
cause all these reasons walking is my favourite sport .
The main characters , the actors are very younger and enjoyable .
Moreover , the goods is quite cheap .
Maybe you just missed something really special ...
And wanted to share them with jack but ...
This is a ' Beverly Hills 90210 ' .
Violent programmes , reality shows and others alike have nothing to teach .
But still , our customs had evovled a lot .
Hot spot is a place where the debaters can explain the idea .
This phenomenon had been curiously many experts .
Thank you so much for your attention ,
But I love this experience , I was really enjoying it .
Even she was not able to lift single finger tip as if she was turned into a stone statue .
Public media also must educate people the importance of Local translation and how they preserve it .
What about the Saturday mornings ?
I woke up very early .
your friend , Semyon .
WORK WITH US ! ! !
It was really exhausting , but illuminating experience .
The parents have to give education to the children over obviously love
In addition , because of the gap between the upper class to the lower class people .
Meaybe you 'd choose to attend univeristy in one of these cities !
There was one old granny who was beat up .
Last weekend Fran celebrated his birthday in his conuntryhouse .
Swimming includes all these abilities .
Using public transport reduce the pollution .
Then , it can play indoor , also , it can play under the sun .
It will be awesome !
What would I do for my county .
This trend is likely to continue in the near future .
They 're awesome !
I know it may seem as a meanness of her .
Across style we can express our emotions and feelings .
I discovered a new world .
I try to watch every race every fournight and training a day before the race .
He is very muscular now .
It was really awesome !
I am studying Literature and Language bachelor programme .
Have you ever heard about hockey ?
Is change always good ?
Moreover you travel with the other people .
They had n't isolated him , rather he had .
Let 's get started !
I am writing this letter because we have to improve the gym of the school .
But that 's great !
My favorite sport is cycling .
Everybody deserves freedom , despite its crimes .
To the national championships in swimming , she was preparing since last summer .
Especially I like to a first class seat in a plane .
Everyone can choose something suitable for themselves .
My other big hobby is travelling .
when i was born i saw my father watching every day football 's programmes but i did n't understand what it was .
Have you ever heard about it ?
This summer was really great .
I got used to it .
The death of the public transportation
what is inseparable part of this kind of occupations .
Due to this we have witnessed to an increase of traffic .
It would be amazing !
It would be amazing !
We need advertising and to find a suitable place for show until 3 pm .
Every monday we meet us in the sportshall of Mandach .
Anna woke up at half past nine when the clock rang .
However ; the effects may different which is base on how length of the duration .
all my class called me creep ugly geek but still little good only when a teacher want from them a research or the exams
Shops could give us even 70 percent of sale , what helps saving more money .
I was very enthusiastic in all the activities not until after that one event .
I could n't buy the tickets of the film 's cinema but I could do more discount all my friends !
But let 's talk about work there .
my favorite movie is the wolf of wall street .
Moreover , he needs some people to advertise for the show .
You can change your plans and choose another direction .
That was ridiculous .
If it 's good , packing and distributin whereas the others shoulde be distroyed as well .
The salaries are not good nowadays .
I will recommend Huang Ji Huang to celebrate our farewell dinner .
Wheter public transport might be the solution , or be more adeccuate or not , it is something with arguments in favour and against .
Waitress and waiters are very friendly and funny .
It will be long - lasting benefit for both parts .
A country has to pay for their ecological foot and this means as much pollution is produced more environment damage , in other words bigger ecological foot , and consequently more has to be paid .
She wanted to stop him .
So he decides to get home .
But , in this moment the people think different , is to start to help the world and
Also , the humans ca n't go to the Street all day , only a few hours for the hot climate .
In fact , the factories waste goes to the rivers .
Stela Volkov
I like swimming a lot .
after that last point we can not go everywhere using a car we would like .
Days are getting longer but night are getting shorter and lighter .
But , short distance does n't mean it 's will be easy or something like that .
The process can be divided into three sections .
Love is not all happy .
if you apply job like this must be the person who already been applied this job USA SUMMER CAMPS
Because of all these reasons , I highly recommend taking into account Downton Abbey to be included in your top ten list .
I thoght the swimming was the best of sports in my life because you can use your body muscle everything .
However , public transport has also advantages .
Besides , due to the critical situation we are living and facing in iraq .
Confronting with challenges , primary students are struggled on the difference between first language and the learning one .
They had no money could use on entertainment .
However we should be balance from the both types .
So I think the future of public transportation is in darkness .
My school is located there .
Television is not an issue of general consensus .
" One of them said .
I hope to see you soon
Was it at the invitation to the wedding three weeks ago ?
One of his interesting film about musician , which was popular for 1980 - 2000 years .
I hope to hear as soon as possible from you an interview arrangement .
María del Mar
Alison , well ...
there are several options to choose , but the choice depends on each .
Jessica was 21 years old .
We need to be careful .
A few years ago I worked as literal editor .
The cat LOZAH
And the list goes on .
The exhumed fumes are one of the great problems for the environment .
Who wants that their child sees this ?
The next one is boat .
Natural environment destroyed that is a people focus on frequently problem .
Shopping is very popular among tourists .
Every way I 'd tried was useless .
I was , too !
Hugs and kisses ,
We took some pohotos and got autographs .
I wandered if he was planning to enter any drama school .
Without transport people can not go back to work and do something else .
He uses a rule for debates : preposition+ result = positive or negative ( Why )
It would be great !
Modern TV is worth every pound
I 'm relieved .
We have different means of transport .
My sister had fallen down her bike and hurt her wrist .
He only enjoyed staying at the hotel to watch television .
To whom it may concern .
To whom it may concern .
In another job before , I worked per day for 8 ours .
I will buy a bicycle .
Their voices have positive vibration through their musical and give you a good feeling .
It is common for children to watch violence scenes .
I suggest that everyone should try martial sports .
They are in constant adaptation to new events or personal experiences .
Every day they show the news .
Dr. Michael White
" I asked myself quietly .
He was very beautiful and he sang a magnific song for me .
I want to have kids and family .
I think that is enough .
I was hardly waiting for my 18th birthday .
Have a nice weekend . Best wishes
I am concerned about pollution .
Recycling is another way to be ecologist .
All taken into account , the public transport has a much more useful and convenient , both individuals and commercial .
You may ask why is that .
In this way , you can maybe read aloud .
But is it really so ?
What is cultural literacy ?
We have to live our life .
Welcome to London , tourists !
Think of those Chinese women obliged to constrain their feet .
In modern life , we rely on traffic to work or travel to everywhere .
MATHIAS :
But first let me explain the process taken to manufacture anything .
I have to be honest and recommend all of you this magic place .
Because of different culture backgrounds , the talking style of internaional students who come from different countries are various .
Everyone is circious about making bank notes .
I was wondering that maybe it 's just my imagination .
Dress to impress
My favourite sport is volleyball .
My favourite sport is volleyball .
Running is my therapy .
She did a lot for me , my life
And , maybe the car is the most comfortable .
The restaurant has a characteristic decoration indeed because you seem to be inside a train .
Espesialy there are a lot of greens these makes good health .
Football : The most incredible sport in the world
A cold chill run along his neck .
It was creating a culture .
Ramón Verdugo
I am 24 years old young male , love to do challenging task .
But are they real ones ?
Looking forward to hearing from you
Maurizio
Maurizio
People had to be sensitize about abortion in order to decrease the number of women being abort .
Public transport are not suitable for luggage 's .
Fruits , vegetables and water
He 'll call later'she thought .
WHY TENNIS
He knocked on the door .
I 'm interested in sport;football .
do you have best friend in your life ?
Then , it comes to the printing step .
I love this restaurant , the food is very delicious .
These reasons are why I think traveling by train is favourable .
It is all about trust .
There are advantages and disadvantages ; television can also cause an dipendence , cartoons and " stupid " program can damage mostly young people .
It 's not convenient .
And there was n't .
But the phone was dead .
BIG FISH ,
Using messages people forget to use grammar or even make full sentances .
It is likely you would have got more self - confidence if you had worked harder during a course .
The surprise of the weekend
The princess wakes up .
I felt so bad in a car .
It plays with children very well .
As we know football or soccer is the sport king of the present .
planes , trains and buses will be faster and maybe thanks to the progress of technology we could beam - up every where .
About my town in the future .
Michael looked very nervous too .
Every one was shocked and no one knew what was happening .
Not everyone can afford it .
Sencondly , equipments like skilled machinists as mental plates should be prepareed for the next steps .
Secondly , we could find shocking bargain in shops .
Thank you for your time and attention .
It opens only in a time of summer , mainly for tourists .
I really like this sport .
yesterday night , i went to a restaurant with my family ..
Saving energy is the other grand method available to everyone .
I also got sea sick .
On the positive side , travelling by car is more relaxed because you do not have to rely on others to drive for you .
It sleeps eighteen hours per a day .
Thursday I went with my family to the Strasbourg Cathedral .
There are many educational programmes which we can get penfit of it .
Cars are being used even when not necessary .
I think there are not negative side in doing jogging .
Do n't 's
She heard the music and this is how the party stared .
Now he was arrested and charged before a magistrate for the robbery , waiting for his sentence .
I began to yell that hoped someone could save me to leave from here .
Firstly , family is the base of the relationships .
Perhaps I am being a little wishful thinking .
Does n't matter the idea , only the arguments .
This attitude reduced enromous amount of smoke pollution from the pipes .
He likes playing mobile phone , playing basketball and reading a book .
This restaurant is excellent !
Me and my family .
The fiancee wear a long white dress and the fiance wear a black suit .
In this situation , we are nerves and stress .
I want to know if it is available a grant .
Government must maintain the public transportation and make it safe .
your qualifications are not satisfied , You must be UK Or USA educated .
You will have a great time
Many thanks for your message ,
At the end of the competition those whose area is cleaner and attractive receive an award .
Particularly , I am highly skilled in welcoming and directing customers .
Lecce .
In the water she feels like at home .
Cars actually have many advantages .
The walking can also fitness and do the knee stronger .
I would strongly recommend that any tourist , no matter about their interest , should visit the special shops aforementioned .
Learn how to do everything by themselves and become independent .
Yeah , sure !
The punctuality of trains needs to improved greatly , too .
We must stop all wars , conflict and impose human beings principls and values .
My favorite sport is volleyball .
Nobody cared how we lived .
Please , find my CV and Letters of Reference attached .
Schools and Offices
One there , a man raised his hands and called to the God .
Then many things happened , and then they discover that the ghost were not the servants .
Who learns languages in my country
Environment is the combination of air , earth , water forest and all these are interlinked with each other .
He is Polish basketball player .
very best wishes ,
There are two opposite opinions about military service .
My day in London !
I was really surprised .
they will correct our tasks and send it again to us .
And finally , as for all , the day arrived .
Firstly , I like to mentioned public transport 's types .
I picked up the phone .
The council recollects , once a week , door to door paper and organic waste .
My favourite sport is soccer .
My favourite sport is soccer .
However , they must be controlled and especially by their parents .
My favorite sport is running .
My favorite sport is running .
This is not surprising .
My favourite soccer is the Brazuca .
So I got a lot troubles :
Trees in the parts are not sufficient as per requirement of our city .
He had been blind by rage .
In the last years was improved the public transport system .
- I 'm goanna give information to Lucresia .
Before the show we were helping in placing a sounding equipment .
My Favourite Sport .
It is situated in Merida .
My favorite foods is pizza , tacos and Kebab .
To whom it may concern ,
To whom it may concern ,
To whom it may concern ,
The alternative - Taxis
Talking about the world cup a little .
" What young people are interested in ? "
Anyway , you know what ?
Today our life is running by clock .
it is an application that the people use for save gas and money .
So my idea is aii the coutries allthe people stop to use farmland , forest andwetlang to build houses grow more trees portect our world , our homestar !
They have so much fun !
The dinner was amazing .
Sorry so much , but I ca n't go to class next week because I have to work .
On the contrary , airport just cost your two hours , and you can go to your destination .
What about the future ?
Also , they do not have to find a place for parking as well .
You can also go to the club .
Thanks a lot for your letter .
I prefer staying alone to living with them .
I was in shock .
The same goes to me .
They sell the tricots for 20 Euros more per Piece than last season .
He said that he wanted to be the best friend as before .
The infrastructure of the place is quite wide and in the front side you can see a huge welcome sign .
Attention of the radio commercial is low .
firstly , We are having different modes of transport facilities , which among is road transport .
Teach us how to love .
Not only because they than taken at world but also they are always say the truth .
This would cause a global warming causing the winter disappearance .
My duties were pretty simple .
Soon or later mariied people will get divorced .
If you get to hire me you wouln't regret it .
I was really excited .
Someone likes go hiking , others likes dancing , still others like playing
So who had … ?
The duration of the military service should be around 12 mouths to 20 mouths .
My parents are very support .
When can we start ?
I started soccer when I was four .
the court contains 2 players or 4 players depends on the court .
One of my other big hobbies is photographing .
we may be late to office / working place .
Temple of Literature is a hollow place for students even now .
To : The organiser
Firstly , every countries acquire stabilization must be protected by a stronger armed forces for national security .
It 's inside that count .
My lifestyle is among them .
An example could be the medieval art .
I was very worrying and nervous .
Nonetheless , with the invention of the printing type mobile , the knowledge was different for the access to it .
Seeing same light appeared my eyes .
The person of Boris Yeltsin has become the most popular one in that time world 's press .
Only results will be recognized at the end .
Transport is the best situation for people to can travel around a country .
But this time was special .
Mr Jascolka
Subjects that should be taught at school .
They were too excited and can not wait to go there .
Some activists plant out trees in spring .
It was exhausting ! !
Just what we need .
To : Tourist Office
He must have applied some lip stick for it to be that red !
Her lips curled in disgust .
My favorite sport is Hockey .
My favourite sport is walking .
I 'm not .
Possibility of the shops
With love from Dimitri .
There he meets a girl .
I have always loved reading .
My work was about reserving tickets for the customers .
My friendship with Jessie started the first exciting day of kindergarten .
This is one step .
They also play many interesting sports .
While I watched that message , I was excited to find my friends to enter this competition .
I hope you have had a high score at the school .
I guess that what goes around comes around !
public transport is always crowded so it is not comfort to travel
My parents are the good guides .
My surname is Baek .
Please respond at your earliest convenience ,
It is related to the environmental issues .
Promotional Objective :
My favourite kinds of movie is comedy and drama comedy because it has interesting plot and person , who watches comedy can lought all the time .
My favourite sport is cricket .
We had a long love story .
He talked about a plan about Sanabria .
But do not go in !
So we must use the personal vehicle .
Krav maga teaches how to control ourselves in hard situations .
Thank you for your e - mail .
You will not regret .
Ettore .
It is very important opportunities in our countries .
It 's an easy and a good healthy sport .
All in all , will each one be able to overcome their own pride and prejudice ?
My favourite sport is running .
My favourite sport is running .
My favourite sport is running .
My favourite sport is running .
So I did it .
I am convinced , that in spite of comfortable cars , public transport will be constantly developing .
People are advised to carpool and travel to work places .
I am plannning to visit his company .
Dear Sir/ Madame ( director the film department )
1 . INTRODUCTION
Get speaking English now !
My favorite sport is football .
My favorite sport is football .
I intend to study in your university in the pre session courses to meet your standard in English language .
- What kind of information ?
Sorry for my late reply .
She was just numb .
The other side of the problem is ecology .
Moreover , we can feel happy easily .
My favourite sport is football .
My favourite sport is football .
My favourite sport is football .
Take that pair of snickers and go for it !
My favourite sport is basketball .
My favourite sport is basketball .
My favourite sport is basketball .
which capacity and model we will work on it ?
It is an archipelago , surely many spots of tourism here .
My favorite sport is swimming .
My favorite sport is swimming .
My favorite sport is swimming .
Actually , he is a good husband , and I 'm sure that he love me so much .
Some days we have a long trip too .
3 . I wrote the enough quantity of words required .
-drink water
They listen to you , discuss our problems .
In conclusion , although car is convenient to travel , it is not enough to finish the future of public transportation .
They 're healthy activities .
Government should play key role by providing trustworthy organization surveyors loss assessors etc .
2- Norouz
She went for her last journey .
I am fill with hope .
It was a note .
Students can learn some things from the course of the research .
By the way , I 'm sending the film together with this letter .
The people were screaming .
But it was n't .
That moment is priceless .
SONG ANALYSIS :
These are white with black and blue lines .
Many thinks that life of public transport is going to end .
Thank you very much for your understanding .
In my opinion I think the government should take care of all area , even is a poor or rich area .
I have only one question .
My favourite sport is swimming .
Sorry for my late answer .
We better do our exam as soon as we can "
Warm - up
Invention of car has made people 's lives easier .
This may become a have leap after Armstrong landed on the Moon .
I was very ambitious !
This is other opinion .
Are you a tourist ?
Television ca n't give such an opportunity .
I prepare class every day .
Importantly , it was not found serious changes in blood lactate levels either .
The lion king is my favourite film .
Firstly , you save money if you use a car .
It uses only fresh ingredients from naples that come there every day .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
3 . Farmer markets .
You will no regret coming to Spain .
It was just a dream , very real like .
On the streets there is a little warm .
We have a great time .
The public transport in the near future
We could stop in everywhere we want to stop .
These transport includes buses , trains & boats etc .
My favourite sport is tennis .
The original work was written by the mathematical , logical and British writer Lewis Carroll .
Therefore , I do not try to erase my ambition .
The culture is caused by organizational variables .
It looked like afraid and nervous .
we will talk about " How people is live will change in the future ? "
Not differently of much of the world sports lovers , I 'm sick about Football !
Then the professional say that the island has expose whit the ocean .
Thanks again for all your help .
In fact , I agree .
My town is very small .
Disgusting .
It 's also a full sport because people will improve their health condition .
I heard that you were working in an experiment !
It took me much to admit this again fact .
CONVENIENCE IS NOT THE MOST IMPORTANT
And , either do I. I also like sports .
I 'm ok .
I 'm ok .
public transport has advantages and disadvantages.i will start with disadvantages .
Tom arrived home very late .
This just did n't save me from too much gasoline expenses , but it also made me physically fit .
In the past , most people consider the museum as the best way to get along with the unfamiliar land .
An clean or healthy environment is always acceptable to all kinds people .
Moreover , they should comprise the past information and the new one .
Grandparents are the best .
And truly , who cares ?
But I never before have work our Jogging .
My favorite sport is basketball .
My favorite sport is basketball .
The ride felt like and eternity .
Spain must be really incredible !
A person who I admire
The train was finally stopped .
They usually lack of language and can not open a debate .
I 'm not able to find any nice gears .
He loves Michael at first sight when he first met and tried to take any advantages of opportunities to win her heart .
But this is not true .
They spent five centuries here .
In other perspective , cars require to drive .
from the best to the worst .
No no no .
That scared him .
If I were you , I would try a period of proof for a month .
Some of us are afraid to travel because of the newborn cases of ISIS .
The Waiters are really helpful .
Today I was at the university to learn new things .
I like it because it is very comic .
It is situated in main bolivar cross my home .
This is like that all days , except Sunday .
They are not a good representation of their ideals .
Improve human nutrition and agriculture conditions are arguments of those who are in favour of manipulation .
Some learners will not want a spiaking part , you can even ask them to be promters .
I am available to start to work inmeditely .
It was so impressive .
My favourite sport is different .
How was your trip ?
Students Use of Leisure Time
Cars are generally more expensive .
Besides , attempting open mind .
What about your meals ?
I do n't like the public transport of school .
Discover this beautiful town with the five senses ;
To make the long story short - you can not miss this event !
Those are my findings and my recommendations .
Best regards , Alexander Sokolov
Sam was visited but beside the scary he had only some bruises .
You would fall in love with them as they are pstel colured .
In the hall tow care about city Center .
I guess that is why I am a bit workaholic .
It also includes a huge parking so you can park your own car freely .
The weather was horrible .
He went to coffee shop .
I always went to my school on foot .
I believe that nobody can do without it .
Therefore , many of them are not ready for this .
but in another way there just one mistake and you could not come back or arranged your mistake
In my opinion , everyone deserves for calmness .
There are a lot of citizens movement except oficial activities .
There are no apologizes to be a informed person .
Do you like studying Laws ?
One day cricket is played often .
3 . Prepaid MMS
I was really tired !
Public transport you do not need to worry about any petrol filling , checking tyre pressures , getting tired after driving long journey .
And unfortunately this bad impact exist almost in all lives filed .
Science replaces human labor into instrument , but what about happiness ?
My favourite sport is play soccer .
By this trend , I have became a procrastinator finally , which enabled me to face the problems of time management .
Due to our helpful people is works become easier .
we went to New York for four days .
Write to me soon , please .
Contamination is big problem for us and the planet .
Ever increasing crowd in cities and thereby traffic problems are increasing .
They are used to manage different technologies as television or computer .
That is what exactly happened to me .
It is a free park .
Educational institutes should dissuade students .
I ca n't image the life without sports .
Most importantly , manually inspected on each printed sheet in case that there would exist damaged sheets .
It was really cool .
The best sport ever .
There is one argument that shows , that the TV promotes us .
We can go by bus .
Hope to hear from you soon .
Hope to hear from you soon .
that 's why I admire him .
They said , they already planned and Michael happily ruined the vacation .
For these kinds of channel are both entertainment and educational .
Please send me some engagement photographs .
Yes - churches .
the investigation accuse them and investigate prison .
I had gotten first prize in a match .
He imagined he could fly like adragon .
Lionel was the best friend of Michael .
I am always glad to receive your letter !
So , every summer I have been eating it for 12years .
The door bell rang .
Jazmin .
The reason for choosing this specifically English language in September future I would like to get to know more information about an English language course .
Shopping is not always enjoyable .
Shopping is not always enjoyable .
Shopping is not always enjoyable .
Italians to start the day generally they have a strong coffee and some biscuit or slide bread .
However , the way has brought some unexpected results due to their wrong concept .
I love this sport !
I was focal to them .
A great number of bulidings stand in land ,
Everyone has his own plans .
It lets me feel that it 's a strange dream .
It the most important step .
The travelling by car it 's very bad .
I think the transport nowadays are perfect .
What a smell !
It is of importance to inspect the printed sheets .
But I can manage it .
They came closer to the man .
My name is Ingrid .
My favourite sport are basketball .
Moreover it 's not only traffic 's problem but also bad condition .
That can be annoyand .
I am 29 years old , originally from Brazil .
Have you worked within international companies ?
Besides , the grandest invention is Internet .
We went to play to Acapulco , to an event that unuversities from Mexico go and present like cultural activities .
I could n't agree with the point of view for some reasons below .
Furthermore , foreign TV are more international and educational .
Secondly , the Hall does n't matter with the environment ; for example , the Hall stopped with garbage 's selection collection when the new major assumeded the hall .
Groban : All that echoes
Insights for future lessons :
Wrestling is contested by two people while others wait for their turns respectively .
That was all .
Bicycle trails can criss - cross the city .
It is easy to make boiled egg .
to playing the counter strike , walking to the park , going the shopping and ca n't stand watching the blood .
I recommend it to you .
Hope you will enjoy your stay .
I sometimes practise biking , running , or even dancing on sunday .
I talked about it with mum . "
a plane may take about 16 hours .
The restaurant is very well situated with a big parking and a beautiful landscape .
Television is very important to give language skills to children .
My Husband ...
because I love used this word .
The perfect one !
Firstly , I cycle everyday to work .
Mikolaj
And the public transportation will be more important in a few years than now .
And underground , light tram system are still more ecological and fast .
Before I moved to Canada .
The main reason for that could be found by overlooking the matters related to new teaching methods developed recently .
Also I know Spanish and besides I 'm learning English right now .
The factors which hinders other respondents from giving very positive feedback may be either dissatisfaction caused by customer service or failure of meeting results of vasthu to their expectations .
Governments will define environmental stategies in order to decrease the costs of ecological foot .
I was admiring the sea while my friends looked around the shop .
Today the people use the application " blah blah car " .
the most important thing is your willpower .
Learning English is very important by the future of all .
My favorite sport game is Cricket .
After designing , metal plates are supposed to be prepared with the help of experienced machinists .
What are the effects ?
the condition of my country is really critical , I guess .
But if you are lucky you can park .
I 'm cheerfully , diligently and organized person .
Therefore , people accept military service could be easier to protect their country .
The fare of public transport is less than own vehicle when compared fare of bus to fulfill whole tank of oil .
Welcome in the city of Hasselt .
Have you got friendly colleagues ?
So people set a high value on the cloth .
On the other hand , the atmosphere of the place is excellent .
However , exist now a discussion about what the people prefer , if the public transport or the vehicule of oneself .
These phenomenon caused serious damages to ecosystem and sea life .
Feeble souls
Tom told I can give you 5000 $ but what can I do for the rest of this amount ?
positives ways for playing badminton : you can lose weight , you vision will be good etc
It is modern and spacious .
A big family is a great base for happy living together under one roof , but secrets are strongly forbidden .
Tell me what you decide .
Respectfully yours ,
What We Envision
Enjoying outdoors in my area
Suddenly , a loud bang .
And some bus drive at night to take passengers .
When are you available ?
It is bewildering !
He did his best for this race .
traffic is very high in now days so it will be difficult to reach office on time .
A dare to prove .
Nowadays all of what we need is a full charged smart phone with the Google Map application .
They are very good pupils .
Those channel always content a lot of new technology .
Before the contest starts .
I have two lovely kids .
negatives ways for playing badminton : you right arm is more strong than you left arm , sometime , you are sprain your arm .
There are two main characters .
People seem to be living quiet comfortable lives nowadays .
Say My hey to your partner and to your family member .
Next point is a fact , that recycle glass and paper is most important .
Travelling pubic is cheaper .
This is developing diseases and alergies that are affecting the citicens .
Moreover , the next day her party is held .
Furthermore , it gives you the chance to enjoy the works done in that language .
So the ambiental impact is very attractive .
Yout do n't have to think about Bus timetables and gates .
l love that day spent with my family ..
I just hate it .
In this case there will be a huge chaos .
3.During his playing time , he sought to give his full concentration .
But it 's not .
By Twitter , users post opinions or comments narrow to 140 characters .
In my country we have a dinner late as a habit .
Wrestling is both interesting and entertaining sport .
Mike Hennings
The hall tow has created a group that works studying the tree 's age to prevent further falls
Everybody has a favorite sport .
Back to the full potential
For me car is the best and you ?
She smiled to me !
We spent a huge period of time together .
Can you imagine why ?
When students finish their class , they take but to home .
Granny has grey straight hair , deep blue eyes and tiny nose .
You must know the timetables and at which gate the train will leave .
They had to fly next Monday and go back next Sunday .
Some advancement happened already , it 's implementation also runs with full speed .
On April 2014 he was unable to do performans .
One of the reasons is the time .
In Middle Ages , sailors carried garlic with them to endure long periods in the seas .
Furthermore I go jogging every Sunday morning with some friends .
To : The Chairperson
Some of these thoughts make us smile , some frown .
2.He should be disciplined .
Just change your daily habits .
Car gives comfort because you can personalise your space and your ride .
The miracle is an extraordinarily large resort .
From : ELiza Anna
At that moment he was like a bear with soar head .
Thank you very much for you help .
In contrast , to my present learning , it is precisely crucial .
That everything basic exercises and they will help you will do a good start up .
And I decided to try .
These are the story about basketball , my favourite sport .
Besides , my car is considerably powerful than other means of transport .
whare the critria of this ranking ? and ...
I think the physical activity can give us more profit in our life .
A lot of people like it , because I think so , it is the cheapest sport .
It has both advantages and disadavantages .
Hope to hear from you soon ,
Hope to hear from you soon ,
Hope to hear from you soon ,
Hope to hear from you soon ,
The exam is assumed to be on professional matter .
Both , they pass through a lot of difficulties and lived poor life .
The interior is simple .
Many people can talk with their pets as if they understand them .
He went to the church on that day .
Kriszti
I am happy to know about you .
TIPS FOR TOURISTS
My holidays was here !
but it 's only my personal opinion .
Let 's go !
it 's a game between 2 or 4 people .
So , good luck .
The main attraction here is absulotely the beach .
More information about my qualification please see the attachment .
For animals , they are a part of nature , where is the home for them .
It is very creepy !
It can kill your soul .
I intend to specialize in translation that concerned with the petroleum sector .
for example a kid named Michael .
I really want this .
Vancouver Business School
Her presence was felt .
We all want to feel good what we wear , I recommend hipi style
No matter it is sun or rain , wind or warm . And also asked teacher for help .
They are safer and cleaner .
Imma Díaz .
On last days I and my group made some experiences for our project .
You travel around all the Spanish coast and you end your trip in Madrid .
TV Today : chance or hazard ?
The sightseeing is very important once you start walking .
There are plenty of free sites with content far from morality ; many computer games impose cruelty .
In 2010 I graduated in electronics engineering .
Am I right ?
I hope I could help you with this information .
I like their style and live .
Every evening we went to the restaurant on the cruise .
" What are you doing here pests ? !
They would just do if they have to .
The doorbell ran .
Recently , an increasing number of people try to travel by car for convenient .
She seemed a foreign student in Palmira , in the north of Siria .
When the train came she smiled and goes up and sit .
I had to take care of other volounteers .
What do we do ?
You 're wrong .
As a result of horrible traffic jams took place .
Everything is going great !
Recently I passed my First Certificate in English and I speak fluently Spanish , too .
Now I need it again .
How are you feeling ?
she stayed there and read again the note the address was near to the big ben .
It is believed they are extraordinary , perfectly beautiful and incredible happy like we see their in magazines and TV .
My CV in enclosed .
Changing is a natural habitat that makes the life more enjoyable to us .
My first idea , football make us stay in shape , avoid some diseases .
I believe that this job suitable for me !
Actually I love receiving presents .
However , most of them might be arrested .only a little number of them might be adopted by those friendly human .
Many years had passed .
Public transport have help us in many different ways .
Public transport is also reduce the daily traffic .
But the lucky was n't with me !
Nice to write to You !
Max coud not be happier . "
Therefor , running can let me feel happy .
Health improvements of some children can be considered a miracle .
I think that we should promise ourselves that we just watch maximal 1 hour TV every day .
people is thinking about comfortable life instead of environment and cost saving .
When they were together , they knew that his history was about to finish .
It will better if they have public transport .
The French army before came back to France destroyed it .
Omar .
Good luck ! Best wishes !
We enjoy so much .
Every one ca n't deny that time is a big factor in our life .
Activities around the city
I play online with any people from the world .
But the best was the Guarda from Bukingham Palace .
FINAL CONSIDERATIONS
My father is other person important to me .
Review Silence of the Lambs
Wherby " Carda " and " Sebu " score with warrnty expenses under $ 150 .
My name is Farit .
When do you return ?
She very focused on learning .
I have seen Momiji .
I hate my job .
NASA replied as a very amazing achievement that Rosetta reaches out of solar system .
I know that the country is really lovely there .
To : whom it may concern
Everyone has to treat them in a kind way .
You do n't need to care about time tables .
Compared with the past when we use horse for transportation .
First , the majors offer numerous and diverse .
Recycling is the solution
Come and join us !
Accordingly , I drifted to the party , going home alone .
they are more than willing to reply to your requests .
Is summary , people taken many intiative steps and moving forward to have safe and attracticve eniroment surrondings .
The same face as ever .
According to your e - mail , we discovered the price should be USD 122 instead of 222 .
Cars are not good .
Hey baby ! '
Now these trees are grownup .
Maybe you can receive some general information about your last job .
This museum has a monuments of the superiority .
It is a well known fact that transport is quite related with pollution .
People are unpleasant because all of them have bad quality , so government ought to update new technology which protects the environment .
thanks a lot for your respond .
Bus , boat and train are public transport most used for people .
We need to slow down the time !
Firstly , shopping can waste you so much time .
Then , disaster struck .
doctors will be able to cure also lethal diseases .
You would like to become a basketball player too ?
Whereas often we see bad behavior .
This problems are topical in our city Kyiv to .
We can stop and do a mental arithmetic and we can see a lot of many we spend one year .
I hate writing since school .
But it is not true .
I also think that the following famous people sometimes could be dangerous .
It looks like a castle and there are many rooms with archery from IX to XX .
Today in my class there was a discussion on television education .
Boys like following channel on youtube .
I would be glad , if you could respond to my questions so fast if you can .
The town has 100.000 inhabitants .
" Tick " .
" Tick " .
My country was attacked by Russia .
It had been a truly valuable program for me and it brushed up on my English .
They do not like travelling with buses or trams .
I do n't like spiders and shoots .
This activity is really interesting that you can not miss .
They speak French in the meeting , in the gearm , and in the shopping
Get over it !
Another point is that , the cloth was more valuable than now .
I maintain a good - looking face , keeping fit .
Humans is the best ! ! ! !
When I was running , I feel relax on it .
For example , when there have to be sent letters in English .
My name is Marco Bruno .
here will be several inventions in the next years .
I enjoy fun with childrens .
This should be some kind of joke .
l like to go to the beach with my freind or alone offen .
I am 20 years old .
The lake of sleep often maks me ca n't concentrate in class .
Have a good journey " .
I hope your news soon .
I can not forget to talk about cars , lorry and vehicles .
What 's up ?
What 's up ?
It was very cool .
In the last trip , I parked my car on the airport park , it has many plants with several sign .
I have experience with kids .
2 ) Work systematically .
We surely pray for the best life of our dear and near ones .
What can I say ?
one of these it 's surely my sport .
Favorite sport of many people is football , instead of my favorite is basketball .
Abel Ferreira
It makes farther or mother more convenient !
My name is Tove .
An easy recipe are cookies .
Nowadays , many people like do the shopping .
The countries diurnal attempts to develop the industry of nuclear to produce more power .
16th December 2013
Man and women whose are possible to interest it .
I cry a lot for this film but it 's very important for me because I love disney 's film .
Have you ever thought why we need sports ?
And Sunday morning we returned because the weather was bad .
It was really enjoyable and funny .
They are really good !
Souvenirs
Therefore , it is too important to go on with a public transport business now and in the future .
I were absolutely excited .
these are the combination between buses and your own car .
She finally looked up .
So he is thoughtful .
It was his chance .
scary .
Because they are so , and there is no trouble with that .
It is interesting because it has
The temperatures was over 20 degrees .
Where are you from ?
This is some adventeges such us it is more comfortable and fast .
It looks very stupid .
, because we see develop countries and the form that they use the resources .
Exhale .
Then , we do n't take positive actions , individually .
Computers have to obey orders of humans .
it 's because swimming is really fun .
There are near to France and Andorra .
It is meaningful enough that you can raise money for the poor or somebody needs by purchasing .
-Where is Sarah ?
I have an unusual car .
I am 30 years old .
I play basketball in the school .
Environment is always a hurting problem in the world .
In the future everything can change .
I am struggling in school .
People did this without special efforts .
Sometimes , game just finished with pitcher and catcher 's catch ball game .
after all of that he keep asking why I have changed with him !
It is a very good and useful experience .
Do n't forget to bring some drink as well .
It is efficient and private .
Music is a special world .
The discrepancy of these two place is large .
During these years I have changed three times around pools .
His name was Michael .
His name was Michael .
- experience when they are so tired physically and so stressed .
I like workout on push up bars .
Do you practise sport this year ?
They told them everything .
Sandor Erzsi
One may ask why among all those possible activities , this one was chosen .
We enjoy watching football match
I play with them on the playground .
Will I succeed ?
For me the solutions to that 's problems are esey .
I want to grow .
She 's going out with him .
We sometimes do presents at the party like the Birthday ...
after all , he changed his mind , he turned to give the guy some money .
I think that efforts must be taken quickly to protect our homes by goverments .
I also watch cricket patiently .
you must come because I think that my country would you love it and i always help you .
He always told me that we are fine referring to him and his cat .
My transport is blue like the sky .
Sport is probably as old as humanity itself .
She jumped for joy .
I love my grandma .
Public transport reduce the car congestion problems .
And what about your breakfast ?
In future cutting down public transport affects many of the people .
The doorbell rang .
The doorbell rang .
The doorbell rang .
The doorbell rang .
The doorbell rang .
Especially some small population of country have policy that is people need join military service due to develop into a powerful country .
Thus , people view that children learn foreign language at primary school are worse than later .
belive in yourself .
There are so many advantages .
Manners & Behavior
This suggestion is controversial .
Margarita Varela
But it just happen in the information technology and related fields such as : , communication , ...
Everything 's ok .
Example , free fertilizers , water pump failitiesand pesticides .
We eat special stamina food .
Relatively some people unwilling join military service , people volunteered in a military service possibly enjoy it .
Very , very jealous .
Some bus have special and preferencial sit to old people .
Improving the respiratory system .
Will I survive ?
What do you think ?
i like to have sports activities and education activities .
since decades man preferred to use another way of transporting than his own foot .
Learning to do juggling will also be beneficial .
Nowadays everyone has read a book .
my favourite sport is badminton .
Our great example in changing is German .
Home in the future may be more modern and safety .
What a surprise !
First , there are many kinds of types which train has .
Her name was Sara .
People come forward and utilising this bin effectively instead of throwing away .
I 'm short .
Bye , Sofia
Lorena .
She opened her eyes .
She opened her eyes .
Smoking is not allowed .
Good luck for the future .
We can travel by air using the aircraft , aeroplane , helcopter and rest .
It let us improving our hearing and speaking skills .
Our life has transformed into an easy way by technology .
He never deserved her .
Too many vehicles in a crowned city would increase the carbon emissions .
It consisted of three parts .
I got to leave off now , I 'm afraid .
Everybody loves watching movies !
It is a popular place .
It is a popular place .
We need free books for our schools
He had bought the best of all presents .
My best leisure time would be hang out with my freinds .
Unfortunately we ca n't know that for one hundred percent .
In the presentday community shopping is one of the most important part of life .
While I strugged to walk .
I engaged in swimming in nine years old .
So bored when I ca n't continue learn English .
I think a family matters much for everybody .
I like many types of sports but I prefer swimming .
Victoria Rosie Skye
And what about your book ?
As Automotive Industries are huge in market , most of the house holders prefer to buy a car rather than any other motor vehicle .They can have easy move from source to destination with in no time .
It has a great location .
He had been wrong .
It is my pleasure to write a recommendation letter for mr .
Television can be able to both entertain and educate at the same time .
Having a car takes much money .
A never ending argument took places and thus we reached Dhaka .
Destination : Disney .
what 's up ?
I went to bed and sleep .
It was pretty warm .
1998 you are able to see that it decreased slightly .
My CV is enclosed .
do you have any plan on next Sunday ?
The public transport is unsafe because growth the theft and kidnapping express to users .
It is an individual but also team activity .
In the March we set forward our watch an hour ago .
Sport is important part of my life .
Tom asked him the cost of surgery .
And of course , unknown actors call for some pieces of attention .
Public transport can take us just to certain locations .
ACCOMMODATION
How are you doing ?
How are you doing ?
How are you doing ?
How are you doing ?
Except estrange cases , who do n't like to prove the authentic German beer , or the Frankfurt sausages in the place where was invented ?
Etc .. )
It is a pity .
We still have time .
A hectic day .
These PAs work as a switch and can obtain 100% Drain Efficiency theoretically .
While on the time off from the University .
And when a football training goes bad , you do n't have to complain so much about it .
I grew up in a family , which members speak fluently Italian and Spain .
It is very true .
only then can you really start to speak .
In today 's world people use public transport in every aspect of travelling .
Charlie was the only men that could help him scape .
I am applaying for the job vacant in the summer camp .
the kids have loved learning new dances and cultures
I was in charge of the tickets sale .
You could understand the guide , the sign ...
Fashion , a popular topic .
Such us yoghorts , biscuits , etc was wrapped in plastic .
But Sri Lanka is developing country yet .
He 's friendly .
Those times car is convenient to use .
Last time I played when won 14 by 5 .
Last week , we went to The Mountain Fuji .
Three consecutive years he attended in the local race but at most he could get the second rank .
They are going to travel around all over the world by plane .
Some people go even so far and do n't assume that public transport will have a future at all .
The transportation system is effective .
1 ) What are your education degrees ( ex .
There is a new and stunning basketball players generation .
And what are the drawbacks ?
Enough to live .
SILVIA
I was all the day at home with my cat watching English film and eating Spanish desert .
You stay in queue for buy a ticket .
I did not do much
It 's some kind of socializing .
1239 Adelaide Road
How is it to be famous ?
But we do n't have forgotten the cotamination by cars , We can use more the bicycle or public transportetion .
In addition , the water issue is another big problem .
We live in the mass consumption century , when it requires more and more time of our daily routines .
okay , let us back to the decoration ,
so , i 'm rely thinking left this sport .
And lots of city government advocate protecting animals .
For all rules have exceptions .
let us look at an example for a univesity student .
learning can also take place outside the University campus .
My family is great .
The explanation of those who support the second answer is every one had borne equal in duties and rights .
I was watching most of the matches .
Ana Ferreira
He participates in many interesting movies and operas .
Good jogging ! !
The public transport can connect people .
In my personal opinion I strongly believe that this TV programme earns its popularity .
Outline of the club activity
Is she mad ?
Whatever you can save the time and go any where more quickly by public transport .
I hope to see you soon brother .
The temperature of the changing room is too low .
The day before there were the qualifications , that I passed .
Tend to be people who are dependent on purchases .
As the population grows exponentially , the resouces fail to go along .
These are my friends hobbies .
Who care about us ?
If you have me a chance I will be very glad .
I participated in sports clubs of my High School .
I am very keen on PC games too .
Can you imagine that ?
Norouz :
I have often finished very tired because I never do sport .
That 's for sure an important thing to know for voters .
Driving is not everyone can do .
They go to a new film about James Bond .
1 ) I like helping people
It was slightly open .
It was like working in a paradise .
The fastest option to go on holidays
How is the experience of learning another language ?
I wish to come back happier .
It may lead to inefficiency at school - or workplace - or even sleeping disorders .
Something wrong with you ?
Kisses .
on the world recorded a lot of cases where the ufo was seen .
But it 's a guarantee for the client : the food is great indeed !
In my case , I prefer to have a clean Street .
Sport helps people to keep in good health .
He can make friends easily .
Can you believe it ?
BTLee
Without forest ca n't be animals and the human being can disappear .
that 's it , not for being non clever .
Thus , everyone might be an expert .
he said kindly:"I buy you a present , open it , Tom "
Flattering is different , it is easier to recognize .
Sport activity also make us feel more flexible and ready to force every day .
Moreover their concentration is reduced .
While , I go back to my textbook and try to realize ideas and concepts .
Although I have no title , I love cooking .
Yes , indeed !
ACHIEVEMENTS
Possible we will in a space or underground .
Even though , there 's a sentence that can confuse anyone .
Is science evil ?
How have you been ?
He was everything for her .
I do not know from where I can start .
Helping Strangers
What are you reading ?
We never hid anything from each other .
Pollution as a problem in the environment
Famous people also have got needs .
I leave here my personal contact information and wait for a positive answer from us .
I hope the given information is useful for you .
our address is 12st , Arizona , united state .
Please , tell me when you make a decision .
Saddly the police found out that it was them .
Skating is a lifestyle .
Neither do I. However , I have a curious opinion .
It has 150 stores and about 40 fast food shops .
At one day I go alone for me , so I can calm down or think through .
Probably houses will be smaller or bigger .
Soccer is the one of the famous sport for many people .
As far as she considered , she find out that she had a right .
You 're agree with me , are n't you ?
Man could have some problems with his health .
One night , as usual , I slept .
I like biathlon .
Conversely , when you travel by your own car , you save a lot of time during the journey .
What are you doing ?
Such convenience of cars can enables us to use our time efficiently .
He lives on the wild .
Many organizations work for making up the consciousness of the pupil , so people are more sensitive about the environmental pollution .
Old and young are benefit from sports .
Jacob remained there bursting in rage .
Simultaneously , some sources contended pornography and violent information which make many people afraid of using internet to search information .
What Places you can visit
It is specialized in barbecue , beers and wines .
had a weird painting of two sisters just like her 's , the same ones also of the
Computers depend on humans for their existence .
But she could n't .
It can be made from used clothes to patch and darn .
According to disadvantanges , at present , childs are aways playing with his computer games and mobile phone .
After one month my instructor told me that I will go to the competition .
Public transport is here to stay .
Also there the same supermarket , bar and restaurants .
I am a young women with a melancoly 's character .
I mean , the " Usa Summer Camps " .
Everyone wear that he wants .
We are going to find a romantic movie or fiction movie .
Also you can always return it like in the stationery stores .
Israel obedience to commandments was not a matter of submission to the divine will as much as it was a response to love
I appreciate your support .
Valentina Toscano
Its popularity spreads all over world too .
With love , Santiago .
Can you help me ?
My friends have bought ticket to Sochi yet .
It is though that Chinnesse shops are the cheapest by far .
The sport that I like the most is Dancing .
You know I was there on the trip .
So they could spare their cars with other people
My subject will talk about my autumn holidays .
Svetlana
There are many views of using the nuclear power .
Your dear , Vitaly
Date : 27.10.2015
I think after eat something at the park then clean themselves is good .
I did not think two times .
Run Forest Run !
Most of the organizations known how is affect managemant acountant practice on them work , therefore they are chossing good programme and employee .
This study project will be developed studying
I 'm writing now without knowing dictionary and making this composition without traduction from Espanish ( I hope jajaja )
I always love writing .
That was it .
The food is varied .
If we use our public transport services .
Of course , everything always have two - faced .
People started emerging from their houses , their faces stoned with fear .
The next week we go to prepare some material for to resolve this problems .
Then he saw the commander was lying dead in his chair .
He was very embarrassed .
So these are the advice that i give for them .
It will be a new public transport .
she responded . '
Batting has its own cherish .
It 's great time for me .
This clearly shows that the TV is lecturing .
Dyogo
In my education at school , i learned to cook and to wait a table .
Let me explain it .
We have a small garden .
own car or van .
People who are fan clubs interested in touring their idols .
Selene Porras .
That was a great responsibility for her , as well as prestige .
Bridget Payne
Thank you for showing your interest in my village concerns with the environment .
As we know , in our days everything is possible .
I believe both are useful .
I like both ways .
I practise it with my friends .
He has been done several laws again Spanish citiziens .
A pretty girl like you is still single .
Finally , I prefer to play football because of my health .
Almost products and materials were recycled and changed new products .
Whenever there was a problem , I could realize it and could solve it rapidly .
Its shorters stories have have a funny and relaxed time .
- But are you sure
--Tris .
Yours faithfully , Andrea .
It is called " 76 people are confirmed dead in Colombian plane crash " .
But You were in Ireland , What are you doing here?I wo n't expect you .
my favorite singer is AVICII
Of course they do .
I did n't have a car .
- I tell you later .
Michael was still hurt .
The first one is to preserve time .
Daria .
Do not forget to write soon
They do not look like big white ball .
So , it might cause some injuries .
The day after , he woke up with a hangover and realized that he had made love unsafe .
Every bit of pain .
The town is called white city .
The family has a link blood therefore you have a natural empathy .
Besides , being foollowed by unknown people ought to be quite a scary experience .
I like learning English .
I hope I will do that again once .
I have 9 sisters with me we 10 .And 9 brothers .
The Labrador really took him back to his engagement ...
I picked it up from the ground .
we made our university proud plus helping people .
The traffic jam becomes more and more serious as far .
Reflective Writing
we think it 's Improtant meal manners .
You can get to know other countires and new individuals .
thank you for your present .
Peoples humiliate me in many ways because I do nothing for earnings .
Something was wrong !
It was established in 1800 .
You have to be competitiv !
I can show you cool places step apart from beaten path in my hometown .
It was so funny and i could n't stopp smilling .
The crucial point is transformations and exprerienced contradictions of the characters .
Fossil fuel is running out of resource .
Hi Alex I could n't wait until I see you
Metro is only one that I use in the city .
Together we make this world a better planet .
Therefore , one should not waste time watching tem .
The garbage cans are about each home .
Thank you for considering my application .
I work for a coffee shop in center city .
Moreover , you should recon about comfort during the travel .
Finally he arrived .
It can be really interrupting if it still continues .
I live in Spain at this moment .
Date : 25th May 2014 .
subject : the transports of my local area
Have you read any sport magazine before ?
All electronic devices will be controlled by the voice thoughts .
Use this core technology to develop blow machine , air cleaner , iron , etc .
Montmeló :
And then severything had crashed .
Love from your son :) .
I love them all .
You can learn various interesting art - works such as painting , photograph , ceramic , from the lifework professionals .
There is involved with a recycling spirits in Edo period .
It is obvious that is safer for the environment than thirthy cars with an only person inside .
We can admit that our life will be quite different from now to the fifty years later .
We will see an action movie .
secondly , football generates money .
It 's exhausing and you have to move fast to get every birdy .
If the roads are small , the bus would go in the street .
Second kind is team sports .
The first step was made .
She started to dance with double Presley , laugh and appreciate every single minute .
I do n't feel comfortable in hi - ways for many reasons .
The man was professional , and gave him accurate pieces of advice .
Crazy Grandma
Why should I took at this job ?
He felt a range and a fear of disclosure . " Why is she singing ?
I would prefer to eat more light dishes like vegetables with rise .
Some people prefer this " gap year " theory while others seem to prefer disagree .
How are you doing ? .
Howhever I like very much walking too .
That is priceless .
Car has brought the epic change to our lifestyle .
Wrestling is performed during the night time when the moon light is on .
Everything was so exciting about helping at this concert .
I do n't know what to write more .
It was empty ...
The air pollution make the climate change .
what she prefers?(I remember you said she liked chocolate .
The ecological problems are very important for the last years .
If they give us reliable information or not , it usually depends on the source .
even that price behind fuel for car .
Green And Clean Environment
I like to travel .
However , it wo n't be probably be invented after all .
It was panncakes and egg with bacon .
So , I also prefer to bat and hitting hard rather than bowling .
I'm 13 years old .
The city where I live is nice with gardens and what 's more , a huge lake .
Rumors spread that easily .
We decided to go talking with him .
Suddely , he took the agreement and signed with his blood the paper .
Travel by bus is expensive , bored and annoying .
I decided and went .
Public transport is a bit uncomfortable .
I love this sport .
It changes in a different way the person too .
Clean Infrastructures
We visited nagar chak with much anticipation .
My Life in University
Alex Yegerov
Certainly it will be .
let him reach his working meeting always on time .
In addition , last year I participated in a stage at the ASL of Rivoli .
Only the place was important .
It was a hammer .
In Budapest the rubbish is collected separetely .
Shops in the town
People from diffenrent culture are playing in this same club .
Maybe I have gone mad ?
Perphas I 'll describe our journey by boat round the island .
Factors behind the decline
Michael is a teen guy that live with his parents .
Tell me I 'm curious .
Disadvantages :
I really work hard .
it is clear that everyone is ought to make a mistake without even noticing .
There is no word to explain .
May my advice can be useful for your trip in Indonesia .
I like playing tennis .
Rationale :
While Michael goes out in John 's eyes comes a red touch .
Please write to me soon .
Phuong .
Michael was petrified .
Nowadays , the statistics show that many people are younger than generations before .
Normally in the night .
The fans , supporters shout , they even cry together .
And there need not to be depend on the public transport of their journey .
All people has very close someone to recycle .
When it comes to travelling , you can never miss night markets .
The angels move and attack free , only when people blink their eyes or turn around their sight away .
For me it is only a torture .
The old man answered 20,000 $ .
are you busy now ?
I wish as lot of luck you , here .
In my opinion it wo n't .
But are these new comers will be placed by public transport ?
That is friendly for children and parents .
It is in a Gothic style .
Secondly , was lunch at school like sandwich and some fruit .
I fell asleep immediately .
I asked her .
She does amazing things .
The patriotic emotions explode in unaggressive way .
It feels just like a horror move .
Because everyone has a place in the bus .
See you soon Spain !
Why rather negative ?
In conclusion , increasing the consumption of soft drinks is one of issues to prevent from obesity and overweight .
At last , your bravery can be improved after watching this film .
Have you ever tried it ?
It 's very simply .
May people can think travelling by car is more comfortable for them .
Send me some tourist information if you have .
Director of Monroe Solutions
He might be busy .
Actually I not practice because I am not time , But a feel miss !
Many kinds of sport which the favourite of mine is Karate .
I now feel complete .
It was awesome !
We also speak about noise .
It is considered that you change the type of food regularly .
Three Suggestions to be Doctor
He yelled angrily .
One day i decide o buy news paper .
Mostly I helped others an carried the stuff .
This was very scared !
She forgot about books .
It had been a hot , summer day .
I think it is good plays to other activities .
It is restrict to argue .
They like exchange their opinions about new star .
Everyone ca n't afford a car or , for any reason , are n't able to drive one .
You have asked about a server in your cafe .
We will be travelling by car to a campsite in Gemany .
I am 14 eayrs old .
And never give up .
Selena López
I Am from the first type of people .
But everything changes quite rapidly then .
His name is Pepe .
Firstly I would like to write about benefits .
no exams or wedding or the first day of school ,
Subject : End - of - year party
Here is also many nice castles .
To my belief , there does exist a promising future for public transport .
Today 's television !
Shopping is very important for people .
See you soon ! !
Daily watching news on television enlightens us on what 's happening around the world .
On the other hand it is very economic than owne car .
One good news is that finally I gave up and bought my first Smartphone .
There might appear a few situations , when shopping instead of joy can bring a headache .
I am quite enthusiastic about being with kids .
I wants to become an accountant .
Graffiti on the wall and small lane ways create a punky ambient .
Some pieces of advice :
His name is Kyle .
I would love to do if I am free .
However " Sebu " rocks with a pruchase price of $ 1,000 .
Bye for now ,
Bye for now ,
To be taken place of a general network like you found on Facebook , you will find sites are specializing at people , business and society .
they have really saved my lives in different cases .
They are safer , cheaper and faster .
I propose to use fewer cars .
I liked the most in a wax museum .
Let 's talk about sports
Business in My Home Country
Are you fine ?
I 'll talk about Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia , Riyadh City specialty .
The meeting ended .
We descovery , in this perspective , special deseases by traffic : stress , violence , pollution , insecurity , so on .
Thus , bad natural personality can be the seed of crime .
Trains are going to be used evermore .
My aprtment is very beautiful .
Do you remember ?
Do you remember ?
The local transportation become difficult and expensive .
Anna won first prize , regained confidence .
I 'm nervous to see you .
However , experience is extremely important , I disagree that the academics are not important .
They prefer industrialization over nature .
ultimately public transport would be negligible in future .
We have suffered like every other city these rough years .
looking forward to hear from you .
Another very commom risk is to fall on the square which can cause dangerous scratches .
I am an Arsernal fc fan .
I have worked in the holiday English school this year and I have learned a lot of with this experience .
What are your sources media or what ?
My favourite restaurant is situated in Modugno .
The pollutes it 's a global problem .
Nowadays , all people use the Internet and application everywhere .
He comforted me .
How to make true mistake ?
I had to wait awake in the airport !
I love to write .
products list ( I suppose it has been depleted ) .
They are sincerely manage wastage and avoid carbon generated products .
The question is whether the older people are disadvantage in using technology in confidential way .
Those problems appeal that there are not sufficient securities in Central Plaza .
And I just could n't forget to mention beautiful decorations and realistic special effects .
I and my family were backing for the holiday that we spending at the seaside .
Lal colony
Convoyed by Michael , she goes to him and gives him all the documents found .
No more they have to solely depend on public transport .
There was a nice spring morning .
It 's also useful for cardiovascular system .
Them they drink a cafe that give them many energy to construct faster the building , this café has a combination for the people can to live all the night .
I am expecting your answer .
The government should improve a new law to regularize this damage .
Three month after her passing , she was rediscovered dead along the stream .
I want yours helps .
Transport are good way to travel from place to another place .
My recommendations for beginners .
A second idea , It helps us make new friends when I take part in some football team .
thus , I can solve many kinds of problem simply .
Anna would never forget it !
They have green engines .
In this moment , Mia took away her cover and Michael sad :
He headed the front door in rage .
I do n't worry salary now , instead of a chance of showing my skills .
Laura Piccio
I have no issue in reading speaking or lesining .
Everyone has a car .
Here some information about us .
You just need practise .
I woke up 5H00 o'clock in the morning ,
This subject is beautiful and incredible . I like it very much .
Congratulations for your weding , I hope you will be all your life as happy as you are now .
ADVANTAGES
My mother gives you the best wishes and Me too .
It is hoped that the successful fun fair or student 's experiences can attract you to participate the fun fair .
Here are some basic informations about the news .
I do n't read so much books .
But they were wrong .
hw went to his father in the company and get the another copy of the house key .
I know I have to lean but to start leaning is n't easy .
So that , we should carry on dust cleaning or washing .
Hello , my name is habiba jahid I am fifteen years old I live in Egypt .
But no , what I can do it ? I still love him , even my love become bigger .
Not so , therefore , we must study very English .
Impact on local culture
Only families can know us the most because they live with us when we came to this world .
Good to know from you .
Especially the Forbidden City is the largest architectural complex which is best - kept in the current .
Thank you for your kind consideration .
I do n't think so ..
She : sure .
Becsuse there is turening red !
Some people go shopping to feel better for themselves .
Does the knowledge from school have any different in the work field ?
As a result , if you use public transport , you have to pay an expensive subscription and different tickets .
People will start purchasing all the items from the Internet .
He was famous and respectful in the slave Campus .
Our friends always ask me for you and your family .
Have you ever used Chopsticks ?
Do you practise any sport ?
the poles man whs sham feom the gues and he was apologize .
Because I like boxing .
The door opened .
Not only what you want to hear .
It makes the petrol 's price increasing every day .
He went to the station bus to ride on bus .
Here are 2 reasons .
During winter Brussels might be quite cold .
And there are musical channels too .
The future we do not know what 's coming .
Proof that not only you are very determined but that piano was meant to be .
What 's a big surprise , you are married .
The white Mt .
They were very happy .
The general transport constructions can divided three levels .
When I was child I used to live in Tijuana .
Cars are red .
Internet nowadays is used all over the world for many goals .
This is life .
The promoting objective is difficult to be achieved .
You are no more the person that people have expected .
There are the most bad mistake that he does in all your life ....
It was fantastic !
It was in Italy , exatly in Bergamo .
For instance we could swimming on the beach , we could .
His death shocked a nation .
This is you .
It 's a suffering for every man .
And also I love children .
MY BEST FRIEND
Today I felt bad in the public transport .
Today it is a big day for me and my colleagues .
I have not moved since that .
It was amazing !
It was amazing !
I dare say what I was quite self - confident a few months ago .
Their new house near the beach is very nice .
I heard a noise .
what kind of films do you like ?
While on holidays from the University .
Despite cook is my weakness , I always try my best .
the desserts are delicious and original .
I hope your answer soon .
I hope your answer soon .
Especially , I strongly recommend you go to Jeju Island .
Surely this was not everything .
Love , see you soon .
Nevertheless , what about having lunch on Saturday and speak it quietly ?
He likes watching it .
way to move around .
Dear Principal of the Effective Learning School
- What about the coffee ?
This is the book Owl
you will gain a sense of satisfaction .
You should speak accurately and also fluent .
They controlled his mind .
he is my best friend and brother .
Do your family is happy that you come back ?
Television can improve knowledge on current affairs .
How is it ?
I feel like I 'm depriving by my family .
And that 's why I find this move so excited .
A conscience that a change is needed to create a better place for people to live should arise first .
At first we went to our hotel .
Never had any serious relationship .
She is tanned and has a slim complexion .
Besides public institucions are promoting this and also private companies make advertising for awereness .
My mother gave me for my birthday .
it was a wonderful experience with me
The electronics will undergo the most evident changes .
Tennis is the favourite sport of my brother .
From the airport to my house there are just 5 minutes .
Just enjoy your day by day , and thanksful an ordinary day .
In the today society .
See you next weekend !
Is it interesting ?
Moreover , it is very easy to make friends and communicated with somebody .
Maybe he had a mistress .
Automobile is luxury in some country , like mine .
" I encouraged myself .
For example inventing severals special dates in a year for using only public transport .
Love last two and a half a year , he kep to remind himself .
Ritesh
I wish it would be so !
Trains or MRTs
ALL THE BEST ,
Fashion store .
Saving the environment
At present there are many means of transportation .
They are very helpful .
It is very beautiful .
Grazia
finally public transport system is not safe as always .
I Kept playing basketball 4 years continuously till I joined the secondary school .
You do not what to do ?
my favorite song is prayer in C
Computers did n't have any programmes and resulted limited , boring and tedious .
I love young children .
Also obedient to the rules and regulation of the city authority .
He felt it again .
The Alhambra
What was mny job ?
Moreover , it will also describe the possible housing outlook in the next years and the consequences for young people .
I think everyone should have their private lives .
Last week I worked most time with the manager of The Kooks .
He is a hunter .
That requires parents building a model to show positive effect without soft drinks .
He closed his eyes .
might be somany people are liking because there are so many service with it .
And all the time follow famous people and their families .
Take bungee jumping .
There is not much variety of healthy drinks , there not much hot drinks as well .
It made everything possible .
From then on , I fell my disease in decreasind and fell relax .
to your engagement party .
buses are the mai transport in my area .
I just sleep and watch movies at home .
Kisses ,
Kisses ,
I promised to lean for math the whole week .
He always helps me by giving good advance .
Car is not an expensive thing to have anymore .
Nowdays people are using cars alot .
Take care , Paul .
The television has still something important to show .
It is universaly known that shopping is not always enjoyable .
I ca n't pronunciate well .
But what to do ?
Are you okay ?
I would want to do a surprise sister!I miss you .
Hope to see you soon .
Importance of outdoor games
At this moment he had woke up .
Will it modify our society ?
Daniela Conti
See you on Saturday .
Alejandrina
I read your advertisement on your Internet Website .
At school , children had been tauhgt about how to do an apropiated use of the electric energy .
There are company so much , they make our life polluted .
Also for our wire rack , plastic
Everyone could speak and understand .
the factor that we talk about is sport .
World cup unites the world .
He was born with a spoon on his mouth .
We were having a good time .
Besides , they can drink many wines .
Over the last years , people 's attidute has been changing .
Nowadays the public transporte is n't hardly necessary for our life .
At this day and age it is falling on the taxpayers .
But to begin with Anna for a long time was n't famous at school .
I am Italian , 30 years old .
When printing finished , they should inspection .
According to these reasons , used clothes spirits took hold in japan .
This assertive is totally false .
, tell me what cain of suit have the witnees have to wear , If I have to buyany colour of tie , the flower .... really I 'm very exciting with your wedding .
Was she alone ?
His deep chuckles still made butterflies in her stomach .
We are finally together .
On the rest of the boring week , I solved a 1000 pieces puzzles .
Yes just running .
Firstly , design the bank notes ' backgroud colour it is artwork security issues .
Although many transport providers look forward to eradicate this problem , yet it remains .
It represents the highest architectural achievement in the ancient China .
It was awesome .
2 . Fashion in little towns .
They are good people .
Istanbul Locate in turkey .
They did it freely .
Accident which had been well prepared by her .
I really love to learn English lounge & French lounge spinach lounge .And I speak Arabic .
Let me introduce myself .
But , unfortunately , were not in the future .
lessons to their computers by their teachers .
Laura Pérez
Much better is to take a walk in the high street , and make from this time something for pleasure .
They can travel another place , independent the hour .
It 's basketball .
my prefers activities are outin the freeair .
That girl who had left him in need of time .
Every game is different .
They feel your fear .
Yes , she should accept this proposition .
For example : Lots of Bicycles .
He felt a liquid falling on his shoulders .
And I believed her .
The mas was armed try to steal the backpack .
These computers are very popular .
We felt hot and he had not any refeshment facilities .
And it face another question : morality .
These variables include internal and external cultural expects .
Michael went to take the case .
Talk to you soon ,
My employers have never complained of my services .
care of the environment .
But hopefully not everyone was like that .
I advise start from one km .
Believe you will never regret choosing me .
I will transmit it to them and we will discuss them .
Why ..... ?
She just challenged him .
Teenagers have different styles .
Giselle
I 'm a free catholic .
There are my answers to your questions .
Why these sports ?
Moreover , I like to do different physical exercises every morning .
A friendship that ends , never started
In the sky , include airplane flights and airport construction .
Many people who go to their work late .
Hope to hear from toy soon .
On industries , the big machines is making new products for our welfare .
At the end of the play , everybody applauded , never felt I so well .
Travell plan need to depend on public transport time .
The town major has offered to population free bus .
when the children went out it became sad .
It does not boost their confidence in future perspectives .
Maybe one day we need no cars , or public transport .
PUBLIC TRANSPORT .
As well as , take part in activities about cookering .
" What about him ?
Any decision changes future .
And maybe you became a famous player or a simple player but you feel like a famuos .
But the time is changes and things are changing with it .
My sister is older than me two years .
I visit Spaniards Arm quite often .
He founded the movement for the civil rights and to free a black people to the racial segragation and equality .
Fuji offers several exciting leisure activities .
Public bus do not let more cars to contaminate environment .
you will enjoy the friendly atmosphere here .
my parents always support me to play what like and
he asked himself .
We tried to contat the most amount famiy as we could .
people who litter on the streets its one of the biggest problems .
For indoor swimming poor , its sales did n't have large changes , usually saled about 2000 - 3000 dollars for each season .
My parents are divorced ,
However , others disagree with it .
I took physics class .
This will saved their time .
It would be different from nowadays ?
Good luck , Anna .
The Czech republic is wealth for a history .
Old school dance .
i believe it is suitable for our class
So , why not television can not educate us ?
Chiara
The sun shines bright , snow has melted in the March .
The ambulance arrived .
Rest of them will be disposaled .
What I should do ?
I am feeling very proud about that .
I grew up in a parent family .
If it has some doubt , do not hesitate to contact with me .
Hi , How are you ?
I am from Spain .
Fellowship .
I was impressed .
When I read his poem " The adventure of Tom Soyer " I was exited .
To make friends .
The boy began to mourn .
I do n't mind eating every day there !
You can see there some of the most greatest teachers painters .
Yours Faithfully ,
1967 Feurer 's career went up like a rocket .
There are plants everywhere .
one can easily deduce information of culprits with partial form of latent fingermark .
I finish word at about 5 pm .
I would agree with working at minimum salary or working in practice .
Fuji changes to a white face by snow .
NEW FACILITIES
They also can walk or ride a cycle .
4 . Eliminate back pain and bones .
Hello dear visitors of Moscow !
-Who is him ?
Her parents , after an halp past hour of the training 's finish , became preoccupied .
In the work I 'm a responsibility person , I never last arriving .
She was shocked .
Yes I do .
But they are surprised .
my listening is goood and I can understand .
We separated paper from glass and also to plastic .
It shut down at the road for several times while we were on the way .
They gave me a character like THE GOD .Firstly I never aware about how act and do this particular character .
Dear Ms. Victoria Rosie :
There are two reasons .
It is amazing !
They search for tickets flight , rental car , and hotel .
Usuallly he was energetic , full of confidence , ready to party .
He wanted to cry .
WiFi , port USB , among other things .
The cocaine it 's the most dangerous addiction .
Will you help me writing a striking curriculum ?
People can afford cars easily .
He set up plan and he made true .
He said yes .
And the we need printing and inspection .
I want working in our cafe .
Electronic was born .
Then the people from the hotel saw her last time .
It is arduous for people living in devastating surroundings .
Especially i like karate and Kung - fu .
Reasons why television has inherited this reputation are several .
We were shocked !
Stefania
There were not enough brushes and colours for all the students .
It was crazy .
I prefer living with my boyfriend .
How are you ? I have receive you letter in this moment .
That become our life more and more crowd
The judge ordered to take place at the sites .
It is a great dedcision , that bring great consequences and great experencies .
I follow them in a taxi .
The congratulations words below the picture was explaining everything : He've got married to someone else !
In small cities it is easiest to travel by car .
Should I show my love again ?
What happens to the rubbish
how things are going ?
We think that our authorities are responsible for these themes .
Laura Alexeyeva
good morning firstonce .
we are locking for salary range between 42 $ to 90 $ per hour , and only 2 day per weak .
Restaurants and clubs
I just have had traveled two times .
I now am studying Software Engineering .
It has a lot of faculty members .
Is thruly that on summer we have to be careful with te hours are too hot and we should avoid .
My thoughts are unquestionably better than others .
He could fly around .
for this is necessary drink water , eat fruit , vegetables and pasta .
How can we recover the pubilc transporte .
there is a heavy traffic , and the difficulty in finding a parking place .
I would suppose that he was waiting for me .
I prefer to eat at home
Evgeni .
Computers and Information Faculty ,
They can barelly breathing with all those photographers around them .
find only a ball and a hoop and play it .
There includes some most important steps .
Uncanny theory explains an uncomfortable sensation originated from perceiving something familiar as unfamiliar .
However , Robots will not replace humans in the dairy tasks .
Hope you are doing well .
- One for the paper ;
Some people even probably do not know what it is .
I enjoy partcipating in debates .
Enric E.
Ines Solorio
Humans are the most sensitive luggage .
What 's more about the town is that it is n't lacking shopping facilities .
The real world would not like that .
This is in regard to the summer camp application advertised in the newspaper .
Take the best care .
What is hope ?
My favourite one is a golden egg made of foie .
You slow run and enjoy the beauty of nature around .
my family ordered the dinner but l ordered specially pizza and coke because l love pizza .
I recommand to the Clubs , be warned .
He constructed the hospital system in my country .
It can be really frustriting .
Talk to you later !
Eco friendly :
Ready to work .
Traveling by car will be the best suitable
I am a University student .
Sports are all around the community .
A BIG mistake .
Despite all obstacles , I would n't change this entertainment on anything else .
And she was ready .
Date : November 6 , 2015
It 's to early to talk about love at this day and age .
My favourite is diving .
Switch off your cellphone .
Ready to live .
I like toulouse very much .
Modern family is my favourite series .
According the inquest , a representative works with company of the recyclage .
Inês .
One of them which I like most is badminton .
Hope to hear from you soon
my family is a nuclear family .
Date : July 26 , 2015
This cause their reproduction system to be destroyed .
she could n't believe her ears .
Immediately , I have done shopping there . I bought a skinny blue jeans and black tight dress .
She was Sara .
Human is the most wise and intelligent from all of these .
There was gap of ambition in him
Cars Symbolize wealth .
Italy is famous for the typical food and culture rich of arts and history .
Or 10 days ?
I always go !
I play football twice a week as minimum .
I feel awful .
These kinds of space can make parents comfortable and concentrate on their care .
Dearest Renee ,
I live in Camden .
Drama Club
It was fantastic .
Beg of her remedy .
I can recommend you to visit the library .
It is not worth saying each one should follow their passions .
You should look for a shop to exchange your money into coins .
Football is an important sport that unite nations .
He refused to do this .
Sometimes it is difficult to join so many fellows to practise a coletive sport .
- Prince Jason ?
Yesterday I watch fast to furious at the cinema .
It appers that at the fountain stay Chuck and waiting for her .
Love can kill you .
This happens weekly .
You can travel alone .
Monroe Training Solutions
The result depend : security , volume in the voice , body posture and public .
But I think different .
I bought one sweater and two jeans .
There are three bunk bed next to wardrobes .
Even , in most cases , they feel ashamed or afraid of these situations and prefer saying nothing to tell their truth .
But not any more .
He showed up a distinct and intellectual level among other students .
Describe your bedroom .
To the Italian education authorities
After 3 days we went home .
Could bliss we found in dead ?
Be honest with yourself
I am a big fan of Arsenal .
MUSIC
The mode of playing can be single 's or double 's .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
Mirtha
3 ) Grow up .
They are amazing !
But they go fast .
I started to training when I was ten years old .
I suppose , the government also have studied this situation too .
Her mom would kill him !
Wednesday was the relaxed day .
I want to introduce her assap !
And the topic I like the most .
It 's hard to put myself into their boat .
It was a winter night .
2 Attachments
Only God knows !
basketball is a complete sport , aerobic and anaerobic .
Both good and bad .
hello!I am 32 years old girl from Italy .
happy funny and sometimes bothersome
Thank you and best regards ,
I love this film , because it shows teenagers life .
In general , betterment of reducing traffic accidents is important .
Another mayor problem is lack of recycling .
So , lets start ,
And there is a big universitary commnunity involved in recycling .
- The pressure is so high that it can be used as a gasoline to fly to Space .
One day in the afternoon , they were on the way home .
To : International organisation
Alicia
- Actually I am still working on it !
I did their recommendations and I totally changed my idea .
I play just for yourself
THANKS
So now I have two main purposes .
In both animals and people are affected .
So will follow problems of these habits .
Contact me by email .
So he contacted the police for help immediately .
Only he needed 50 second to stolen the painting .
I was born here .
Are you ok ?
The rest of celebrities are artists or good workers .
It is a majestical castle conviniently located on the river .
Towns are congested by traffic jam , especially during rush hours .
I can play basketball and baseball like no tomorrow .
I hope you are a lot of time now with me .
Yeeun
To : Peter Jackson
Sandrine Verreau
Melina .
He gave the arms all the city .
Third , swim can get more friend .
There are possibility of raining .
What about you ?
Trivago is not much common in Hong Kong .
One argument of these topic , that more and more people live in cities .
Do you know mountain biking ?
Near to the entry gate person say welcome to customers and answer their questions .
What is love ?
firstly , I want to introducude my self .
Deirdre
Are you married ?
A MISTAKE
overall , this is an image of the future .
They will packaging and distribution the sheets which is good in there .
My name is Maria .
The reason I like this Sport is more or less simple .
The New Music
I want to give you a few words .
Nowadays , a very popular topic among teenagers is existence cosmic creatures .
The results , which will follow , will be the pollution of the environment .
I know it .
Using will not only gain the entertainment but also get the knowledge .
Mireia
My name is Anton .
Laura Montalvo
i like it very much .
cla '
You can walk about ten minutes from the station or by bus to there .
Sleeping to much is a relief , but for others it can be torture .
My day in London
After a Year …
yours faithfully ,
You are alone on the tennis court to face your contender .
I Live in Egypt .
They all said it kind of did affect however they also bought clothes they liked .
The light bulb .
Those questions are : Where and how do we come from ?
I the town you can do everything fun .
I hope a respond and feel free to contact me .
Would you be so kind as to tell me applying deadlines , program start and end date .
FAILURES
Firstly , something about designing must be taken into consideration .
- Prince Jason is here
Lost for Words ?
The following are worth noting about me .
Today we have clever cricketers and famous amperes than other countries .
He shouted out loud for help but no one was around him .
Sometimes , I broke up nearly and I was really worried so I have to pay money suitably .
Number of people exceeded my expectations !
Moreover , it is a source of entertainment starting with children to elders .
" So many friends learend to swim .
How about you ?
Traveling by cars gives flexibility in our schedule .
Well , I 've played martial arts .
There are all of styles of clothes .
-So , John ! How is it going ?
There are many worldwide international competition of football .
Measures being taken
As for me , we can achieve this through developing leadership .
I think You are understanding my situation .
Should live in stabele and peaceful world .
Good morning , everyone !
What is fame ?
decorated with a phrasal verbs
How interesting !
Moreover the ambience of the restaurant is marvelous .
Their girl has grown up !
If there are any possible options then please give it to me .
Restaurant review
How is going ?
It was interesting !
It comes to fashion and becomes honorable to translate Shakespeare .
If they told me to attend compulsory I will do without any hesitation .
I picked up the phone and composed the number of his girlfriend Lisa .
Come to visit !
They also have to remember that it is a game of contacts .
He is arrogant .
I think every people love sport .
My name is Laura .
In my opinion I think that the love story is enclosed to explain better the sinking .
It really works !
Travel by train is very expensive nowadays .
Maybe studies we make otherwise ; in search on computers , in books , etc ...
We felt very happy .
There are some offices .
what young people are interested in today .
the Shopping also will be in the internet , every thing will b !
I felt relieved .
Kind regards , Wouter .
I practise it every day in my school .
Could you describe me her ? .
Brazil and Nederlands games were a real test for our health .
plane , train , and boat are the ways to travel .
I recommend this experience .
I was adopted from south Korea .
so let 's play basketball .
Bye Serena
He bought a cat .
Harry and Alice are seven and one years old .
Our enemy ?
The exception is in a match of double .
Hope you can have a good time .
Everybody must have free time for yourself .
Rafael
I have to .
How learning English
If we are all that we are still hungry we order cakes .
Thank you for your attention !
Thank you for that advice .
You should absolutely visit Rome and Florence !
they do more questions and I very funny for this .
Then what about my look .
Could be amazing !
The answer is :
On the other hand , we can assess the information with only a click button nowadays .
Trust in flying with a horse
Practice can make perfect .
In this stage , pay attention to the colour , special ink and images slightly raised is necessary .
More green areas
Terrorism is everywhere .
foreign people .
the most important thing is there would be huge traffic on the roads and traffic movement will be very slow .
I hope it would help you .
From : Rafa
Jitka
I hope to come you here .
We can learn how do the different animals feed on themselves .
It is played by both boys and girls .
He deserved it .
it depends what season your doing the festival .
Who is him ?
I was born in Danderyds hospital 2001 .
2nd January 2017
1 . Shopping cheaply .
Day of school very stretched because Anna always thought about the sad morning .
Every morning I went to the port and unshipped .
Ettore
But she never stopped .
Monica Conti
Ask her . )
They are courtous and industrious .
Developed technology , we can see the game which happened in the opposite of the earth .
Jerry said that he would be privileged .
But actually does it has a future ?
I expect a positive response .
In this holiday I go to Barcelona with my girlfriend .
You can rent bikes .
he saw some street performer by the street .
In addition investigation can bring within company in
I have to look forward at two little boys : seven and nine years old .
When he arrives she tells him the event .
He picked up the keys and came out fast the home .
We meet soon man .
Guillermo
Mario Monteagudo
Lots of love ,
Lots of love ,
Lots of love ,
I have had two previous places of employment .
+ Local shops :
It could be a good idea to find a large location .
Even the kind of house panting can be changed by the time .
This picture illustrates the process of producing cash .
Current advertising strategy
I would feel free when I 'm in the field .
Printed sheets manually inspected .
That was the key to open the treasure trunk , full of golden options .
Tone of her voice is so gentle and so calm .
In the first problem you have to organis the time table in order to have 1 class in each time4 .
Vividly as the picture depicts , there are six steps to produce bank notes .
But they insist him .
The bulbs were red and the ground was full of yellow flowers .
My mammy told the story in night .
Credits to the last one , she 's skin and bones with almost no muscles .
The damage of habitats have affect animals in negative way .
Nevertheless , I trust in that technologies can suffer a progress in the future .
Public transport is more boring .
For he always defend his mother and always the wife is the responsible one .
As people feel comfortable in there own vehicle .
This programmes are fashionable .
He plays for Chelsea .
This evening was so delightful !
Date : 13th September 2014
There is an unique athmosphere !
It is amazing .
Buy a good bike is the first when you start to ride .
I am an addict to padel !
I think this is traitors ' action .
But everyone think in that way ?
Since the public transport , it decrease people
I would like to apply
Change is always good .
I was n't a simple spectator .
Third , when I
I saw your ad in a newsapper .
Public transport has a timetable .
But You must n't
4- Transport more economical from independent cars .
Fuji is a popular mountain .
Thank you for this conversation .
where you can have an amazing night
In that time they at fist cut into separate bank notes , second they packed the sheets and diapatched .
It 's bringing the happiness to and the beauty to us .
I was not expect any letter .
I think I would have the same perpelxity .
She never stops .
People of all classes can use this .
In this way the streets are always dirty .
Ana Cantú
Lautaro
Inhale .
When Lionel was around Michael , the boy was happy .
If you often train your muscles will become very strong .
She really did .
" Stop with the singing !
Also you can be part of travelling and working experience which can offer to you your school .
" 1992 - 2015 "
Moreover , there are many souvenirs sellers so you could buy something .
I play it with my companions .
She chose little , cosy restaurant near her house .
Citizenship classes
It is against author 's assertion .
Dominika .
Michael was a boy very intelligent .
The 3 musics were even known in 1963 .
Public transport is the future .
Hello , how are you ?
Hello , how are you ?
We have Eather first than people thanour house .
I find myself not on the same wavelength with such an idea .
Enclosure : CV
Some do not like but it is a personal business .
I like new challenges to be better with myself .
Who could be ?
The tickets are to expensive .
My best friend .
i used to play it with my frindes .
-Be careful .
Would do you please join us ?
Nowadays people care more about themeselves and making good things for some of them is wrong !
this is good , because sales mever went down .
Improvemnts on socialising opportunities
Eleonora .
This words did that I was starting more
The potential risks for our new generations
Advice for everyone who starts swim is feel enjoy while you swimming .
But cars need petrol .
I finished it .
At first this transport was appreciated marvelously .
Piotrek
Hi Chris how are you ?
Evidences show that many natural system have been affected by climate changes , particularly by temperature raises .
Fythermore , going on the field trips give students a change to expiriament thinks for themshelves .
you should think about reducing proces or prepare special discount for xample for students .
Public transport is very inconvenient .
the car is less expensive , more confortable , more fast and more security .
Alrough Canada is an English country however in Montreal , the offical language is Freach .
Iñigo .
World cup has been the world famous festival .
" I ca n't "
However , it is more difficult to educate .
Inasmuch as this process makes peoples close to each other encouraging them to corporate and befriend .
Who knows ...
my favorite restaurant is TGI fridays .
And I yelled :
But we still sold it not bought it .
Therefore , I avoided social activities during the period of exam .
Conclusion and recommendations :
Be careful and choice it well .
Cassie L.
He was shaking .
He finally arrives .
Yours Sincerely ,
Yours Sincerely ,
Yours Sincerely ,
Thank you for your letter !
Thank you for your letter !
Department of Economics
It helps me healthy .
It is very valuable .
How are you ?
How are you ?
How are you ?
How are you ?
How are you ?
How are you ?
How are you ?
How are you ?
How are you ?
How are you ?
How are you ?
How are you ?
How are you ?
How are you ?
How are you ?
How are you ?
How are you ?
How are you ?
How are you ?
How are you ?
How are you ?
How are you ?
He hit her .
The activities are expensive .
I was sleeping all the afternoon .
Football is indeed a union .
It keeps our body strong .
Sport is the activity that help the people at have an optimal physical .
So what time will you finish session ?
Town 's actions
Yours faithfully , Laura
From : John Jones
Maybe I should bring her smt from here ?
So , Malaga is responsible with the environment and with people with more necessities .
It 's normal
How about yours ?
- Hey Alex !
Second day was awful .
He ca n't forget any word of it !
It is a special case to bring people together .
CO2 can destroy the ozone .
Accordingly , I think need public transport .
Boat is the most cheapest in another way to travel .
I really do n't feel my blame .
Conversely , grammar schools extremely focus on theory .
Eventually we should use public transport to reduce pollution , but they have to be more checked and repaired .
I assure that high - quality and various products there should be satisying your needs .
But , wait !
manually inspectors by the officers .
I run everyday .
Languages people learn
Thank you for the weekend .
THE STRENGHT OF SPECIAL EFFECTS
Second facility is public bus .
the second problem is about that same aparatous are not working well because the school did n't the manteinace long time ago
the sport is very important for the health .
when i learned to wind'surf .
How can I explain them ?
Hi , dear Isabel !
I have 6 people in my house .
I hope that you are funny like me .
123 456 7890 .
My family livs in a
They have taken part in a competition with riding horses .
All about me !
preference .
The difficult to learn something .
the sport increase our physical performance .
lacck sense of civic responsibility is lead to bushfire easily .
Through the train of Karate , I understand myself really .
His body is large and thick like an elephant .
DEAR MARY ,
Trust me , I 'll be right .
Then , they are supposed to prepare a skiled machinists .
As return back to study may be difficult .
Then , preparation of mental plates and skilled machinists are the needments .
- Do you want to use one ?
Nobody is perfect .
after two days poleas sow some boody in crime scene the poles man ask them what did you do hear ? he was skard and puzzle over .
Thank you for your time !
You 're always like that .
Everyone will get help from the machines or technological items .
Furthermore , around Mt .
Then the engineers say a forecast .
It is high time to intervene and take action .
Peter without doubt hugged the intertiewer who is a man about 4o years old .
Fulya
, of course there is future for it and every day more and more .
used in other times .
Mix butter , eggs and vanilla .
In the London Eye we can look all over London .
I think you do n't know our national team .
Do you get along with your superior ?
My name is samy .
I madly want to visit ferries wheel in London .
the football is very funny and you can play it everywhere with someone .
perhaps the same .
Thank you for your attention .
Thank you for your attention .
Thank you for your attention .
23 rd . Mar. 2015
Many reasons result in this phenomenon .
I did n't have time free .
every time the car is more utilized and more economic .
Initially , Waste management system of our locality is comparatively effective than before .
Internet is the best means of communication .
I have one favourite soap opera .
Bianca
The bill will be assumed by us .
They are together .
Delicious !
Your friend Hugo .
Dear Sir / Madam .
She loved him ..
An Unexpected Success
But it was very short emotion .
Thank you for your money .
See you my Nigga ¡
People with more unemployment may also lead to a crime rate .
there are variety of transport mean .
A life , being unseen to humans eyes .
Wishing seeing you soon .
Because of mind .
I rememmber , because then We won .
And for me , that 's totally non sense .
what do you think about that ?
This job is related to subject of my interest .
Because of these reasons , I see a blight future for public transport .
I opened it and I could see a common C D inside .
Rules of engagement are quite simple .
Both of their lives .
Keeping a Promise
And the most comfortable ?
I can speak severeal languages like spanish , English and Rusian .
It is a nice experience .
Moreover , some guys try to find friends who always agree with them .
Technology will control our homes .
Elvira
I describe how it looking my every day .
Water sports :
Indroduction
Fashion , clothes style , trendy appearance , make - up properly , the hear ...
Karate is not a difficult skill sport .
He took down every mistake he made last films .
And surely , I will .
So we must reduce by car on street .
Construction will be ameliorated .
However you use Have a nice trip !
television entertains as well as it will educate the people .
The world is changing around .
Tennis is not a coletive sport .
Ola
Ola
We usually eat housemade food .
Thanks for your email .
But he also can be harmfully and sensible .
Nowadays the obtion of broaden the ming traveling is very commun .
Formula 1 seson starts at erly spring and ends with a late autumn .
They were crying .
Above the statements can ensure a rich and abundant live .
There are soccer lessons .I have joined the lesson .
This girl is an acquantance him .
I had been working in sport events like organizer .
Michael grew bitter .
Ratio of road accidents has been increased in few decades .
Our national foods are very delicious .
I am studying the Czech Agriculture University for the last year .
I have no idea after this sentense .
Therefore , I call to action .
Marenka
Skate or Hate
Society depends on them .
Only faster competitors was given the land .
With a little delay , but Peter did it !
For instance Christiano Ronaldo .
Topic : A Horrible Nightmare
our next generations .
Dear Volunteer Co - ordinator
We could visit every places with no limitation time .
5 years later .
Mrs Kashubina
Javier .
However , it has a nice and three bathrooms .
Nowadays , it is an obligation to get a better job .
Rosa .
my findings are presented below .
See you later .
and He held me strongely .
Bo Hummel
Claudia
Claudia
Public travelling may trouble the passengers due to increasing fares .
Second , more and more infrastructures appear in our city .
He is 16 .
In addiction tickets were too expensive .
In my experience I found that people either consider sailing a very boring sport , or a very dangerous one ;
Internet changed people 's routine .
Ainoa .
Public transport are busy now a days .
Dear Mr. Tipple ,
The Beautiful Game
Where are these fucking bastards keys ? ......
Speaking about reading .
Sundly , started krav maga class in a gym close to my house .
He was frustrated .
Altought it does n't mean , that press should write about privacy .
I obviously agree that nowadays technology is necessary .
This new technologies also help in the teaching development .
This is really exciting and amazing .
Today , Sandrine fainted up during a runway .
Aurora
Investigation reveals the youngsters are more than ever power to
Hi Jairwoo ,
Your friend Pogan
So every day I kept awake .
We Should include new alternatives of transport in our routines .
Therefore , public transportation is deemed significant in order to reduce density on the road , the traffic .
What if that the boy could be smarter than he himself ?
Nowadays the level of our life has become higher .
Other interesting place in my village is the square with his source
He realized that 's means .
You and me can see us .
All the best .
All the best .
Such research indeed will fail .
Time is precious .
I will wait for you in the gate cinema .
Dear Sirs / Madams
Public transportation is proved less energy consumption .
Jenny Wang
-do sports
Public transport is suitable for those who have no own car .
People use public transport because of saving money .
Evening we could tell them horror histories besides we could play with gestures .
The Wheel .
He was trapped .
my mother is a teacher .
Thus by boosting themselves lead to success .
My favourite sport is doing yoga .
I also have confronting problem skill .
xoxo
Richards parents are a good neighbours .
Milton Morales
Have a good trip .
Just looked her with asking eyes .
Thank you for your email .
Thank you for your email .
It 's saves time .
At any time to pay attention to the cat has not been sick .
Thanks for your letter .
Thanks for your letter .
Leaving comfort zone , and everything is fresh .
And many more .
Hi my name is Robert .
Furthermore the things and process is in evolution .
The plot is well constructed , since the beginning becomes quite gripping .
he works in real state investment .
Someone was calling the door while that someone was stealing in your house ...
He rose up my own enslaved desires .
- There are cleaning campagnes twice a year .
He went to the garage , and rode on his motorbike .
It is not difficult to do the thing .
Both learning new knowledge and making new friends make me feel delighted .
Ana Fanucci
I do n't see movies only I look at some series to .
Poor Mimi!.
All of them .
Feel the wind !
Way Forward
Lucila Marcelo
my favourite sport is squash .
Warm regards
Warm regards
hey , I 'm Hoa .
Benefits for the college
People travel less in public vehicles these days .
He was scared .
Human are looking for a power and they are applying forest law , The stongest beat the weakest .
I a very good experience .
I like shopping .
Thank you for your letter .
I prefer playing football to basketball .
Everybody can be a good teacher for younger people .
I am starting to introduce my favorite family members .
Thank you for your consideration .
Go to sports gyms , be active and you will feel in another way .
All the best ,
All the best ,
All the best ,
All the best ,
It is surely not envirnmentally friendly .
Who knows ?
Fuji has very beautiful scenery .
Anything was found difficult nor struggling .
He now realized .
But , is it also that necessary ?
They are key corner in forensic investigation .
It also helps us in studies .
But every time , I get trubbel .
title : The kimono .
In addition , crowded buses cause affection among people .
Sportive activities might boots the student 's overall condition and this is the reason why they are necessary .
he is very helpful and collaborator .
This day are a sunny and fantastic days and I will start school in a week .
My best regards !
Just be patient .
I fell relaxed staying alon near montains and snow .
Dear Ms. Herrmann
Hope you come soon .
Andreea
We did n't have to enough time today .
Have a beautiful day .
Probably because I do n't like team sports .
animals to safely reproduce .
animals to safely reproduce .
Moreover , schools since kindergarten is educating for clean the planet , simply like separate the garbage .
there was the place of the Chosun imperials queen .
Bye , Sandra
it will attract sun 's ray and set alight .
In our earth , Hunderds of millions prople living in here .
Some assert that genetically modified technology can be applied to address this problem .
New teaching approaches
Or sometimes you see during the day horror movies which should not be .
However , other people think in the opposite direction .
Lorena
Lorena
Lorena
We used to engage in dancing and singing .
Each of one has a different topic and amazing coasters perfect to adolecents .
Michael was terrified .
Thanks for your help .
My dear John ,
And it is very well ordered .
I enjoy running .
It is so warm
Michael was surprised .
I do a research and this are findings .
Yours truly ,
Dear Mr. Hooper ,
I 've passed for all this thing .
Researchers enjoy their research as an enjoyable activity .
Another , I spent free time do Yoga or make good meat for my family .
what the meaning of friend ?
They are essentials to share secrets or any thing .
What did you do yestreday ?
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Some people like shopping .
People who come here are so many .
It would be fairly by celebrities .
We went to the Hyde Park and sat down on a bank .
Cesar Vega
Just follow the day regimen .
My likes about films have changed too .
The History .
Anna became a model !
Imy name is Lorenza .
We were so excited , when we got on .
We will be very happy and we .
Especially , the fake news spreads faster without much effort .
The end .
A new way of transport mut be included .
We need shopping .
Thank you , Kyle .
On the other hand , the benefits of healthy will be important .
They cook good meal .
My fewrit lechon is the Swedish lections because that I like to write histories .
I believe it is amazing the project that you are doing .
In the headlights , they all looked so beautiful !
Jennifer Barraza
They are usually aiming to avoid the hygienic problems .
Moreover , for the parents is easier .
Lots of kisses and hugs , please write soon
I work in the OIL MINSIRTY 's central library on foreign scientific books which concerned mainly in petroleum filed .
Who we are ?
PREPARING FOR THE GAME
Using a ground transportation is not comfortable because of traffic .
He was isolated .
Thanks for you letter .
Never give up
passion is the best thing you have to achieve your goals .
He went out .
An unknown number .
I rather call that a life style .
For example : Transport .
Public Cleaning Services
As soon as I pass all exams I will travel .
My nightmare journey was taking place in August of two thousand and eleven year .
He is special .
Proposal for the development of a sports activity .
Variety of negative impacts appears under rapid urbanization .
I have a black skin , black hair .
This installation is near the field football and basketball court .
It can be painted with new colour .
Look away .
My story with basketball were very short .
Dear Bublin Lost Property ,
Hi chi Tình ,
Thank you so much !
Dear Sir / Madam :
Dear Sir / Madam :
My favourite sport .
Dear Mrs. Tejada
I will be happy to send you my CV and motivation letter .
passion is something makes you happy in your life .
Students do the test
Welcome in this town .
it can be very strange but i was very exited , because ,
Do we have to buy one new special machine ?
Recommend to friends what country we have to go .
James Mehler
Franco Calderón
Its screen has colours and HD
Life implies change .
Dear Mr. Yoyada
For example , it contributes to my cardiovascular system .
I play Skat .
Dear sir or madam ,
You need to have ability to play it .
Maybe someone came in their house and stole the game console !
Dear Madam / Sir ,
Dear Madam / Sir ,
Dear Sir/ Madam ,
Dear Sir/ Madam ,
Especially in urban , for example , Taipei city in Taiwan .
I will introduce some good places to visit .
you do not pay any fees to travel by your car .
Best regards , and look forward to your good news .
Dear Sir or Madam :
Lots of Love .
Was 31st October .
The future .
my favourite sport is football .
She knows him .
Students log in the website
from a story their mom read often .
Benefit for all ages
Nobt all Russia is always under snow .
in addition , young ages are observing an altruistic behavior from month 18th .
The video show us how dementia sufferers ' reaction to listing ACDC 's music .
Elisa .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I believed that technology really improve our ways and means of our transport .
Lucy Keyes
Mrs Kate Ashby
Mrs Kate Ashby
Relationship can be very different ?
Ann decided that she 'll experiment her dress of marriage
On the other hand , I always loved classical music .
Juan Antonio
you can choose two bands of rock or pop and one dj .
Transport has always been a mayor problem .
Yes ? '
Secondly , you should feel uncomfortable .
it 's so difficult .
I am writing about the international sports I have seen monthly magazine .
Hope to see you soon
They live in a little town in the Massachusetts .
We use communication every time .
One of these are the jams .
Must people prefer large colleges more than small colleges for many advantages .
My hobbies are footbal and gym .
Thanks for your kind understanding
coming to the infrastructure of the shuttle it is all about the cock and the bats .
Life of people is turning easiest and comfortable .
This project is focused on separating the rubbish in each green points of the city and also they have to maintain their neighbourhood as clear as are possible .
my favorite sport is basketball .
Cooking is one of my favourite
Every music express other feelings .
I am 30 .
it is one of the exercise for the body who will want to become thin .
During two hours I served drinks .
Hope this message finds you in good health 
And guess what ...
unfourtunitly my previous study was in Arabic .
It measures about 30 centimetres .
It refers to ' suffer with ' .
Factories damage nearest areas and water extremaly bad .
Yoana .
Dear , Sir / Madam
So we will stop the jam and so the problems of environmental .
everything seems so fine , and nothing is wrong anyway .
if i have the job write soon
Peter was very worried .
Especial effects are amazing .
It was a lovely and sunny day .
But it means to improve your skills , your talents .
John Alder
I enjoyed the monetary values of this job .
Sounds perfect for me !
I think that this job I will enjoy working with the children and trainer staff .
he is 65 years old .
Benefits for the students
my favorite sport is swimming
You have to notice that and go tomorrow jogging .
I said that I would accompany you .
Sometimes the sports games are full of tensions over flow .
See you soon !
See you soon !
See you soon !
See you soon !
Kitchen will be different too .
After our Trainer Nico shows us a lot tipps an tricks .
Alberte
Do 's
Niklas Lakatos
The other benefit is about human life .
CLOTHES
House no 26
See you soon .
See you soon .
See you soon .
See you soon .
See you soon .
See you soon .
See you soon .
See you soon .
See you soon .
See you soon .
ALL ABOUT ME
Furthermore , children street is a result of families troubles .
May be because this paragraph of time the weather was cold , the purchaser greatly reduced .
5.1 .
PUBLIC TRANSPORT
I woke up in surprise .
I worked too hard , but enjoe playing really .
Dear Mrs Elisa Stephens ,
he blurted . '
Have you ever heard Stamina food ?
What thing the most important is to set a right direction for the future of us .
But now people are distroy it .
My experience of this job y longer .
I am going to wait for you at the train station .
You start and then you explain to me how are you ?
It bring unity among country .
Dear Mr Beltonov ,
for instance they prefer Pop or also rock music .
It is an action and thriller book written by Suzanne Collins .
My favourite sport is playing tennis .
Special dramatic effects were thus added on stage .
Dear Mrs Lusik ,
With all my love
Yours Anna .
I have some to tell .
Many green zones have been implemented .
Are things getting better today ?
Metro is the most comfortable way of transportation in Moscow .
Fuji in a year .
I love cook .
It is the football .
In order to do n't waste energy .
See you soon ,
See you soon ,
See you soon ,
See you soon ,
See you soon ,
See you soon ,
See you soon ,
With no doubt all parents want their children to be citizen models .
There was very dark .
it is amazing sport .
How long ?
I wait for your call .
Dear USA Summer Camps ,
Anyone has their favorite sports .
the most diffucalt area in English I suffer from is the writing .
It is art .
Dear Manager of the Summer Cam , USA ,
herewith I enclose the current cv as you can see the attachment !
Once more into the breach ! ) .
Rate is pretty low .
You may find the first initial stages of real stress .
This activation make us also enjoy seeing and play the game .
Municipality of the mentioned town is collect the garbage Form Street and roads and shipped to the
It is female cat .
Miss Theresa Anderson
I am stydying envaermantal saents .
Public Transport with no Future
oh ! my brother , David , going to marry ! Sorprise !
Technology will be our best friends .
more flexible with a lot fun with family .
I sometimes played at break of school in the morning .
This is kind of the real vacation for me .
The chosen one
Some people say that basket it 's only for tall guys
but nobody was opening doors .
They got with the receptionist
I am writing to you about the adverstismen on the Mirrow daily .
Sincerely yours ,
What can it be ?
TV PROGRAMMES
The city looks beautiful in this time .
My favourite sport :
Pills ?
Maybe colorful and cool blankets when someone gets
No change , no Nature .
Thank you for listening !
This writing will explain these different stept .
IN helping our society grow , but not too much .
Jogging the sport in the nature
Famous people live completely in a different way than unpopular people .
Second is to prepare mental plates as well as qulified machinists .
Hello Maxi ! !
Michael had been running on fumes all week .
They live at the moment .
Then , strangely , blinking our eyes becomes conscious behaviour .
Firstly , because they gain independence therewith .
Badminton is .
But it is true ?
But a few months before the play , disaster occurred !
They will consider you as a indpendent people .
Like we all know technology is making the best of it .
Daniel Q.
One of these is athleticism . "
Book Review :
public transport is important for anyone .
My opinion ofselfemployment
He flied to Saudi Arabia .
Allison Green
I lived in a residence for two years .
Much toxic and exhaust flow to air .
Uriel
But I think you must take away it from your ration .
Mt .
Mt .
Sadly Peter was no longer there .
Awaiting your news .
It is near to the Hyde Park .
Maybe they will change
You be able to go ?
He 'd set walls between us .
Besides , The images can be slightly raised .
The more I can perform the much I can gain .
Simpsons or family guy .
Nowadays almost every person in the world watches movies temporarily or permanently .
He was shot in his head .
They have no facilities than other countries .
Life is change .
I hope I convince you .
You can think ' why this ? '
A balancing act
Sincerely Nuria
We start little by little to help it .
They both left the office soon .
It was the usual Friday afternoon .
Susanne White
Jorge .
Have been an arsernal fan since 1999 .
Now he has opened his owned company .
furturemore saving cost of treatment because of decreasing number of patients .
Life becoming bigger more and more .
You ca n't miss it !
carbohydrates are essential for a healthy diet .
We have our knowledge easier and we learn more easier too .
Anna looked incredibly beautiful .
Taiwan 's culture always talked about eat .
Even the most extravagant shops can be found there .
And I am glad to win a cup of championship .
You drive the way you want .
One thousand people by eighteen and more are questions in my town about their way takes
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
Julianete
I always answer some wrong calls and these calls distract me .
Two months ago I worked in a kinder garden .
This is interesting because people are practice solidary .
Put comfortable clothes and suitable shoes .
Tom is sutding in London .
I have never seen this view .
she is 50 years old .
Besides , a marathon takes place ever year .
In others sports no .
Moreover , regarding the clothes , the Young people wear a dress skirp and jeans .
Some just travel to Sweden just to see it .
My first match of handball was in 5 class .
But we will break our legs .
We go on being friends .
I used to work full - time jog .
Miss Barbara Gum
I was in a bit hesitation latter decide to go .
meanwhile Michael is also a guy of sensitive .
26 January 2012
According to the above reasons , car travelling will be the best choice .
Costumers ' satisfaction brings me happiness .
It provides energy for our bodies .
just a quick answer to your request .
enjoy .
so it makes me exciting .
Swimming is very excited .
16 May 2014
Just like playing a game .
Now on the castle is a museum .
mine was shuttle and am really enjoyed it when I was playing .
Dana
Diana
You must can gain a great experience .
They must maintain roads .
Almost every their mystery come out and they are still judged , criticised or joked .
Which is cooked in different ways .
The review :
is n't good for stydents .
Kindest regards , Melissa
we were in cold
It 's skilled machinists .
Article : My Best Friend
All About me
They mostly depend on animal to make cart to ride on them .
Environmental problems that touch us all .
Web Programming with my friend .
Kim Page .
You return home .
House is to be divided between chambers in order to preserve the privacy of the occupants .
kiss , Gloria .
When I am running , all preesure I undertook has gone .
By that , her sister is scared and woke up ...
Date : 17 January 2015
Thao
Why are they even exist ?
2 September 2016
Shopping facilities :
football is the most favourite sport in the World .
Then I become too much unhappy .
Places to enjoy
Daria
Also , it was the governors ' terminal purpose .
Fashion and luxury
A kiss .
Welcome to Moscow !
It brings many fashionable people .
There be Long and the writer ...
Than we set for Dhaka .
Polen is amazing and interesting country .
Do you hear about Islam
Thank you very much .
Thank you very much .
Thank you very much .
Thank you very much .
After that , it hasn't a driver room .
irf
Of course , our tandem gain a piece of land .
Kinga .
Thank you in advance ,
Have you ever have this experience ?
Silvana .
Welcome to Russia !
he is a fluent speaker .
It is a big pressure .
However , it was not .
All these years .
It had been a really satisfation and I had been happy .
Andreas Costa
Many car is poluent for planet and is alergic to people .
Football as a favourite sport
Electronics are bad for our eye .
Peolpe have never taken into account that fact .
For several reasons .
INTRODUCTION
INTRODUCTION
INTRODUCTION
I love my small family .
There will be a third situation .
Other communication tools
Today I had 2 hours driving session .
Aiming high !
I have recived your letter .
People 's health
Otherwise , they learned mostly about literature , poetry .
Moreover , I love spending time with children .
OMG !
A SEAWEED : OUR FUTUR
There are many good movies , especially thrillers are always enjoyable in my opinion .
Ala.
Thanks god , I live right in the front of one big park .
Two movies .
It is n't incredible ?
Then had to decide with who would stay their cat .
volleyball .
13 July 2014
Or has it ran away ?
Since that moment all have been problems .
Camille .
But this is Michael .
Minuses :
Birds from urban area is difficult for them to find a proper food instead .
The large - scale building land are supporsed to be their home .
Shortly I 'll give you some other information .
So that it is a cuestion that required a deeper reflexion for all of us .
the waiter come to us and took the order .
Private vehicle offers more privacy than public vehicle .
she was her old friend Tia .
My favorite tv series is called Lost .
People become crazy , nervous or dull while shopping .
I do not agree with the situation .
They learn and understand very good English .
The almond is called in Arabic LOZ .
is different to tavel with friends that travel with family .
Computers and Information Faculty
After my graduation .
With the public transport we protected the environment .
( Essay )
I wish you love it either !
Rest of the respondents have positive feedback .
Rebeca Costa
People speaking different but with a basic level understand English .
each team contains 1 or 2 players .
It brings you directly to my subburn .
I think I am the most suitable employee for your request .
Maciej
Richard Raya
People like cycling alone the river .
Well done !
The messages are very important which effect me .
Dear Sir or Madam .
Love , XY .
I think you do n't follow the American news .
yours ,
What I did not in Vacations
A car problem is the expensive price of the fuel .
Well … .
My boyfriend .
To : Alex
Tom and his campaign
Why not ?
To turn to , alredy people cook the food in form organic o with products more naturally without chemical .
My family is my best friend to me .
Temple of Literature was built in 1070 under the Ly 's dynasty .
No one .
Teach about a debates .
For one thing - convenience .
so I satisfied my decision at 13 years ago .
Their opinios first varied a bit here .
Antonio
than the practice makes the rest .
Yours Sincerely
Yours Sincerely
Yours Sincerely
Technology is increasing in all the world .
People also have a discussion of its advantages and disadvantages .
Public transport is very much complicated now a days .
Both they are determined to pay more attention to the surroundings .
Thanks for sharing !
Nothing more ...
My congratulations .
Have a good travel !
Among them cricket is very famous in Sri Lanka .
Roberta Trentino
People had drived car to go a work .
Yours sincerely .
This have got a devastating effect for her independence and freely living .
It is easier and more comfortable .
It makes me arouse a feeling of nausea .
Do n't forget the cust .
About Ricky Rubio :
There are though a problem with jobs .
my firs job was baby sitter .
For my opinion , I 'm definitely agree with that .
From Monday till Friday I was in .
( show video )
Rosevelt
Garo ,
In this programme I can have information about the last scientific discovery and the
Science will also change .
It can Avoid catch cold .
Thanks for writing !
Every morning special track to clean the roads and walk way .
Every day I used to taking public transport .
when I studied in the university , I sit in the classes hour by hour in a day .
Third , alcohol takers tend to aggression and violence .
Boats trips are long and boring .
I am writing to apply for your job offer .
Since then , they never spoke again .
this aphirism is famous and truth .
Cultural visits
subway has become the most popular commute tool .
Interesting in the area of research leads to invent and optimize ideas that are already existing .
Town 's entertainment
End .
End .
Technology is being more advanced .
Array of facilities
The current situation
Yours faithfully .
Yours faithfully .
Yours faithfully .
He thought .
St . Petersburg
Transport is more important for our life .
You begin with a
Best wishes , Julia
You ask how ?
People look happier .
What happened ?
Nothing else .
The river is in toulouse is Garona .
People contribuation is very important in this matter .
It is a piece of work indeed .
This is my decision .
The most important step is inspection manually .
Not to mention the combustible .
Nos I am studying German .
he is doing master in turkey these days .
Could I have contact with any of your customer for more information ?
I used to go running there .
Working holidays abroad
But we were too interested .
The atmosphere is kind and familiar .
Winter sports :
we do n't chould eat sweet and sugar .
John X.
Just for saving time ?
It 's very small !
+ Shopping mall
A terrible holiday
But this act was out of question .
Baker them for 15 minutes
both opinion have their merits .
Dear Sir or Madam
Dear Sir or Madam
Dear Sir or Madam
Dear Sir or Madam
Moreover , help in the kitchen to prepare fresh food for children .
The thief couple made their way to the main building .
I usually go to the sea on Sunday moorning .
Lots of kisses
overall I just love children
Life is unpredictable and unforseen .
Susana .
Cultural Life
However a sweeping appearance wo n't be different .
they prefer to be comfortable .
Motivation for my been 15k run competition .
You raise it once , it would regard you as the owner .
I played wrestling at the College .
Thank you goodbye .
Today we have lots of sports games .
Her outter look seems like a little girl .
Dear Sir / Madam
Dear Sir / Madam
Dear Sir / Madam
Dear Sir / Madam
Arek
¿ What did you learn about debates ?
My life now
I did with my dog .
I have two reasons why I think so .
That was the most important fact about me .
These 2 sports improving human basic ability to reach as possible high capability .
Ms Magpie
Silvia .
From : Elena
She cried .
Love , Valeria
Once more I am saying sorry .
noman engaged the front seat .
2 . kind
Hey Jo !
Thank you for your advice , kisses !
Main materials will be plastic and metal .
Which training do you offer ?
Write back soon ,
His means of livelihood is the simplest .
Them jokes were very funny .
Unfortuntely , I saw You last time many days ago .
I do not have trouble sleeping , or interrupt my sleep repeatedly .
Modern megapolises are suffering from surplus of automobiles .
Students often use public transport between cities instead of cars .
Once , people think he would succeed .
Yours sincerely ,
Yours sincerely ,
Yours sincerely ,
Yours sincerely ,
Yours sincerely ,
Yours sincerely ,
Yours sincerely ,
Yours sincerely ,
Yours sincerely ,
Yours sincerely ,
Yours sincerely ,
Yours sincerely ,
Yours sincerely ,
Yours sincerely ,
Yours sincerely ,
Yours sincerely ,
Yours sincerely ,
Yours sincerely ,
Yours sincerely ,
retirement .
You must try !
I talk about everything .
Thais
Dear Sir / Madam
Some people think that knowing fact is more easily and practicable .
The train do n't have poluition .
A cat ?
References are enclosed .
It was built by two different elements .
Samuel Mo
Hey John !
Thanks for care .
after tow days he was confess .
Mary J.
Dear Mr. Leader ,
Dear Mr. Leader ,
Cognitive Strategy
Safity issue is very important also .
This is China - based chain that is recently opened .
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Your position .
Advertisement is important for the economy .
yes , be strict .
Joanna Little
Thank you for inviting me
Hmm ...
We laughed and eating together .
Although the public transport is enough for people need , it can be improved its function .
I suggest having a coat .
There you can see dinasours from old ages .
In that area Budapest accomplishes very awful .
- What ?
Sport is very important for every one .
People looking for comfortable easy life .
I had truancy and did not pay attention to studies .
Policmakers can enact a law in reducing land development .
Going forward , it should be the preparation of metal plates .
These factors make angels more grotesque psycho - pass assassin .
Resolve/ dertermine / insistence
Erica
And the skiing .
football player .
Dear Ms Cumings ,
Laura Smith .
Best Regards ,
Best Regards ,
Really Happy .
Eventually , I got number three in the comtest .
programme .
However , life 's university have many conveniences .
My favorite book is the hungergames .
I had an affair love .
It cosumemed the power which contained the humanity and machinic .
Otherwise everybody wanted a future better .
Believe me !
now time is valuable for every body nobody bothered about money .
I know to speak three language .
Furthermore , I speak a little French .
It took place when some natural disasters happened .
I 've been studying English at school
Technology enable us to touch entertainment immediately .
AT night has a special atmosphere .
Greets
this matter prevent me from achieving my Goal .
Goodbye letter
Net of cars and bikes is reason for heavy traffic jam every side .
I have .
Maybe traffic 's accident is decreased
Alison was like tomato and all her friends laughed at her .
Nowadays people get around constantly .
Unforturnately , the process only gone on twelve hours .
trips are longer on public transport or by car .
Good news !
These activities especially have a place in spring and in outumn .
I am not at all agree with that .
Dear Ms Leung ,
P.S
Dear sir / Madam ,
Quique
- ok …
sports is very much beneficial for our health .
I love you
Students will be able to know deeply their task as employers .
Car continues to attract people .
In order to give brief information on them I would like to touch on some of them .
The decor will be more modern and simpler .
Except us , There are also a large number of wildlife .
Ride bicycle is my favourite sport .
For multinational maybe ?
This makes the city be crowded .
MORE THAN KIP FIT !
We take the thransport easy , hewever , we take away other animal 's life in careless .
Flori .
Even Homer cited garlic in his odyssey .
Dear Mrs Sykes ,
One day it was my dream to go there .
Hi my friend !
Come here .
Greetings ,
but I could survive the night .
All about me
All about me
Conchi .
keeping your exciting and joining the event .
Nobody wo n't regret it .
On day the two guys had a terrible discussion .
Activation makes people exciting and remember their memory .
Dear Mr. Green ,
Subject : Concert in London
Also , staying regularly on the computer is a way to get glasses .
I play bike in the weekend .
My advice is only one .
He loves searching the net .
It is sometimes very hard for me .
I think .
work or travelling by car .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
Thay can really damage the reputation of someone .
we will live happily .
Introducion :
Marian
Michael thought .
To fly in different continents is nowadays easy but still expensive .
Ertan
Every time I have a lot of energy .
Bye !
These days we see in the walls written boycott of stop bullying .
Its very interesting sport .
Always infront on your public .
Television has many advantages .
Some people used to do cycling as relaxing .
Try new food in completely different places .
it helps people to keep track their schedule .
These are invalunable and relevant experience to the job I applied for .
Humans prefer luxurious life .
Viggo is a black , quite small pony .
To the Mayor
Faithfully yours .
Your address :
it was strange for Michael .
FILM REVIEW
Mirko .
Dear Mr. Smith ,
There are a history that the man ca n't to see
It hates the water .
2 . -
Aga
But why ?
But why ?
Anna was happy !
Of course no .
You 've read it well .
Envide your friends from school or work .
At the castle is Holy Trinty Chapel .
She just felt it under her skin .
She had been shocked .
There are principles of design .
Dinner contains two meals .
Get it ?
In the present , computers are multifuncional .
Right ?
Finally , the Norway police catch the painting again in one policy investigation .
His name is " Visockiy " .
Regards , Alex
Gehad
One month later
My cough is very friendly and help me
I thinked these things .
We really enjoy it !
Roughly in 1998 we can notice an equibrium price at 2,75 $ and an equibrium quantity at 23 billions of packs .
I am interested in this major so much .
This option may be applied on the cargo also .
This sport is performed in a group of twos .
Marisa
The Hunger Games
Some experience so easily and often .
My name is Alexandra kennedy .
Hit and run
Cause of this was hurt my leg .
Nothing was taking his attention .
Even though the research really can not succeed .
Curious ?
All the best
All the best
All the best
All the best
Chau
Marina
Furthermore , the produce sales in the stores that could n't fit customers ' need .
Rafa
They entered .
I am less having a cold .
Special shops
My relaxing activity
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
Subject : Local Environmental Protection
Please contact with me .
Dear Dr. Green ,
Funding proposal
Filipa
To illustrate .
Dear Hiring Manager ,
Hi to everyone ,
Topic : Mt . Fuji
Or simply the student can spend this time travelling .
Unfortunately , Agatha ca n't find sufficents trials for understanding the guilty .
Supper always contains sandwiches .
Answer me soon
About me !
The pollution is the firt problem for the public transpor
I wish I would
I always considered football as a piece of art .
To whom may it concern ,
Thanks for your last letter .
Dear xxx .
he is a dentist .
Craiova
To whom may it concern :
Niki
One of the most favorite books for me is , the power of your subconscious mind .
Lots of love
Lots of love
My favourite film
Maintaining cars is cost associative .
The best sale achievement of the van is 4500,5000,5500respectively .
Hello dears ,
Hi Maxi !
With love ,
Roads transport will die away as you know it nowadays .
He entered the office to control the luggage .
Yours faitfully
With best Wishes
Fuji at sunset .
Hi , everyone .
Stela
You should .
step is inspectation , where the printed sheets should be
the young people feel happy more .
See you !
It covers about 60 shops .
cold .
Think that can do a fantastic job .
There main aim is to make the children over the moon .
generally we are using criket ground as a oval shape .
But how ?
it 's a pity
I have a dream to continue my study until Phd .
Food passion !
it is warm which is needful for us .
Dear sir or madam ,
my favorite sport is playing footboll .
Bye ,
Bye ,
Bye ,
Mr. President
Entertainment and food
Isabel
Isabel
This is a combined story of horror and comedy .
Dear Summer Camp Director ,
Think of it !
We were five people .
Jenny and you are a great couple .
Kind Regards .
Biography technology gives us more food .
Hello , Alison !
Rosa
I hate this .
remote control .
Subject : Our green town
People wear special dress .
Training trener saied me that I 'm really good .
My favourite sport
My favourite sport
My favourite sport
See you .
Genarlly sports is growing our mind continously .
Cheers ,
Cheers ,
Mari
Dear sir / madam ,
Dear sir / madam ,
see you soon
not belive in yourself .
Maybe , we could find with flying cars or electric bikes .
Take care !
Michael got frozen . '
I have a great character .
Thionk about family 's routine .
3 . awesome
Rasa
Rasa
3 ) conclusion
In my opinion , I prefer to travel by car for those reasons .
Kind Regards ,
Kind Regards ,
garbage everywhere .
courage can change lives
The taxi so it is .
Then print the banknote .
Dear Ira !
Christina ,
all here is great .
See you soon
Sasha
Sasha
It is very great .
Goodbye , Anna .
There are elements of art .
Selected college should be used to teaching these matters properly .
Hello Beatriz ,
Hello dear Ben ,
Take care ,
Take care ,
Take care ,
Take care ,
Music style and
what should he do ?
Javier
-drink excessively alcohol
Silence .
we visited many cities .
that 's first fact .
Suddenly , he heard a high - pitched scream .
-be lazy
Landscapes are really wonderful .
Like retailer ,
You can start the cricket game .
After all , one guy decided to do the venture .
I also have a certificate of lifeguard .
yours sincerely ,
Accrodingly , You take responsibitity for what you done .
Because , It 's my project .
Your friend ,
Your friend ,
sukh start crying and she said she is not going to give you my laptop until you do n't feel sorry .
My favorite sport
There are some reasons .
Margaret Dunn
Best wishes your broo Bartek !
what you think ?
I was 30 years before .
from : candela bergamaschi
Xyz
Sport is like drugs .
They explained all services procedures .
It is situated on the inland .
World change by time .
Plenty of ways can be used to make new friends .
Hello Mr Smith ,
Every morning some peasons are coming park and cleaned that makes feel really thanksgratitude .
-Yes , come in , please- .
Reyes
Help theme and enjoy your travelling .
And You ?
" We are broken .
Hi Paty .
" Laura ?
Yeah .
I like very much cricket because , it gives immense pleasure while playing the cricket .
Lady decided to visit her boyfriend .
Rubbish and pollution
Good afternoon .
My dear Daniel .
Yeah ?
Have a good work
Hi , Shannon :
Yuki
Domestic violence
Which was the reason ?
People orginise common action for cleaning nearhouse territories .
i swim 2 times per a week
we won , t have schools .
fan ) .
my father is a business man .
I hold the example .
OMG , I can stop imagine until now .
He studied at University a Degree in Law .
It was n't common from her side .
Hi Keiron ,
Marco Bruno
Some times it may be very expensive due their taxes
Recycling
Recycling
Icebreakers
7Y
Clare ,
Sonia
I went there and sang .
Firstly , the no continue the construction of more rail line of train to public transport is a one reason .
But how about the future further far away ?
we can choice expencive things for interior .
DESCRIPTION
Summing Up
Hi Juliana ,
Good luck !
Thank you so much
Networking educational contents are not safe at all .
Sport is really important .
Hi Maria José ,
when you can , you call me .
There wo n't be super markets .
that have limitation also there .
Recommendations for tourists
You can enjoy original food , good quality on a budget .
Hope to hear from you soon !
At last , all of
Liza
Conative Strategy
Looking forward to your reply .
We have to therefore choose the other alternatives .
technological development .
will be more heauthy .
Conclusions and recommendatios
Some of these oave the same destinations .
It 's december .
The meet is not salty as
purpose score most points .
He called back his friends and manage to settle down all the mess up .
It 's a fantastic new !
Dear USA Summer camp
Then I have been operated twice .
Second preparation metal plates .
Informative
Sincerely ,
Sincerely ,
Sincerely ,
Sincerely ,
Sincerely ,
Sincerely ,
Sincerely ,
Sincerely ,
Sincerely ,
Hi Conie ,
Only thinking of eat makes me crazy .
professor say that Michael is gifted and talented .
Kate and Juan
Any one in the world has future Goal .
1 . )
All the people can do this sport .
Paco
Hi Mitak ,
It was the prefer of Michael .
Sometimes We have apresentation and competition .
Status : Popular
However she can stay at home .
Hope all is well with you .
MARIO
I knew everything .
This fact took me by surprise .
Bea
Reduce the fast food that make people obese and not healthy .
Unless ...
Shopping Facilities
hhhh sometimes is funny
But , whatever , i wen .
Dear Mr ... ,
Recruitment
they feel as if they are humans .
Was everything organized .
Good Morning !
she is working in primary school .
Dear Mr Smith .
so who care to bother taking the public transportation anymore ?
Popularity of cars confirms it .
Thank in advice for your information .
Yes .
Yes .
Yes .
Yes .
I hope your positive awnser to me .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
Sara
Sara
Jorge
Eco - friendly awareness has positively affected young generations .
28042
Shopping facilities
your muscule will be hard .
How come !
Our Future 's Lives :
Juan
Juan
Juan
Dear Sirs ,
Katherine
The script is made of pure gold .
I could go to madrid .
Hello to every body ! !
homever the football is so competitive .
Maybe not !
It runs behind the ants and flies .
Thank you for inviting me there !
Karen
Karen
All the men are .
You can try this sport from now on .
Thank you for your care .
Why ?
Why ?
Why ?
Why ?
Why ?
Fira
Very different morning
Yours fatefully ,
But I fortunately did it .
introduction :
Have fun !
Dear sir / madam
Of course
Yours sincerely
Yours sincerely
Yours sincerely
Yours sincerely
Yours sincerely
Yours sincerely
Yours sincerely
Yours sincerely
Yours sincerely
Yours sincerely
He loved her for her flame .
Dear Mr Williams ,
What happened with us .....
Cookery classes
Kinga
My favourite restaurant is Chinnesse .
Dear Ms Richards ,
And meet new people .
Be confident
Yours ,
Yours ,
It influenced the consumers behavior on banking services .
Next year in Turkey .
Dear Mr Brown ,
annonced the way take about the town .
Martyna
Yours faithfully
Yours faithfully
Yours faithfully
Yours faithfully
Yours faithfully
Yours faithfully
Yours faithfully
Yours faithfully
Yours faithfully
Yours faithfully
Yours faithfully
Yours faithfully
Yours faithfully
Yours faithfully
I read this news , now .
Sports store .
Alexandra
Dear Mr Bond ,
Dear Mr Beacon ,
There is very beautiful nature , calm and fresh air .
IGNACIO
Thanks a lot
Dear camp director :
- Ok .
A story
oh no ! !
What about the relationship ?
Laura ?
It 's amazing .
I study filology .
What are you doing here ?
Jake is a free lance .
The both of them are imperialism and poverty .
There was too hot .
Ivan
Fabio
Samia
Dear Mrs. Morgan
She was so scared and frightened .
Fdi can play important role in it .
After printing well , these sheets would be manually inspected closely .
many people consider it indispensable .
Elena
The end
date : 24th june
Dear Mrs. Kate Ashby ,
The fairies nearly control everything .
Some of them are dirty and smell .
Sincerely yours .
My grammar and spellings are week .
Inna
It 's comum in city the bus .
What 's about you ?
Thanks in advance
noticia
Tracy
Dear Mikel ,
Dear Billal ,
Pluses :
Some advantages could be :
All the best .
My bedroom
Occupation and education disturb one another .
Dear Mr Jason ,
Carlos
Franco .
Dear Ms Hammond ,
Suggestions :
Best wishes !
Paula
Hot spot helps to get more security .
see you soon ,
Dear Mr Cunningham ,
There expectations will be considered unuseful .
Francois
Technology has good thing and bad things .
Good morning ,
They met with the layer .
Dear Federico ,
Dear Johanna ,
Paulina
Paulina
Dear Dana Grey ,
clothes wearing changes very quickly .
Dear Jeanny ,
Advantages
I hope yours news .
Moon .
I am Michael .
When your feel is really Pusillanimous .
Ania
We convert our watches an hour ago in October .
changes swiftly .
Best wishes ,
Best wishes ,
Best wishes ,
Best wishes ,
Best wishes ,
Best wishes ,
Best wishes ,
Best wishes ,
Best wishes ,
Best wishes ,
Best wishes ,
Best wishes ,
Best wishes ,
Best wishes ,
Best wishes ,
Dear Umair ,
Related to learning computer programming , it guarantees a good living .
Dear group leader ,
My opinion it 's opposite of them of this composition .
Dear Sir or Madan ,
On one , hand military service must be mandatory .
Best wishes .
Best wishes .
Best wishes .
Best wishes .
Best wishes .
Best wishes .
Dear Yasser ,
Dear Mrs Kate Asbhy ,
I love it .
Write soon !
Write soon !
Estimated USA SUMMER CAMPS department of human resources ,
Love , Lisa
I love it .
Daniel Wan
Always been free .
What does it happen ?
Mary Pink
How are eating ?
Actually , the public transport show really no future .
Yours sincerely .
Dear Amal ,
Friendship today
I 've always laughed so much !
Television provides educated varieties of channels as well .
Dear Paco ,
Who brink up ?
Even the please probably shold belong to animals .
Background Music
My hero and my foe
Sadness stroked her heart .
For example .
Fatima
Dear Mathew ,
Ariana
Then as always sounded Kazakhstan hymn .
Thank you !
Thank you !
Dear Summer Camp ,
Dear camp director ,
Dear camp director ,
Time travelling !
Many reasons cause the research hardly going on .
Hi Peter !
Hi Peter !
Hi Peter !
Yours Faithfully ,
In fact .
Further more , I watch TV of NBA matches each day .
Moreover , footbal is a physical game .
They send their curriculum .
1966 - 1967 the huge change takes place .
With the time we are more friends .
Number 's room was 666 .
Monica
Amy King
It 's convenient already .
Good !
The reason therefore are its small warranty and especially running costs .
Hi Paul !
Well .
Emma
Hello Oskar !
Studying new lessons from society .
Write soon .
Yours sincerely ,
Yours sincerely ,
Yours sincerely ,
Yours sincerely ,
I'm on holiday school .
Regards ,
Regards ,
Regards ,
Regards ,
Regards ,
Regards ,
Regards ,
Regards ,
Regards ,
what is it the best ?
Hi Jo !
Hi Jo !
Hi Jo !
Hi Jo !
Katy
thank you very much
Dear Camp Director ,
Hi Alison !
Felipe
- Souds great .
Lucía
All this started on Juli .
I had a similar experience .
culture .
Michael Freeman
Moreover , sir , I have taken courses in cooking .
Hi George !
The actual system is not possible stand long time .
Their success
we Have Meal Manners .
Hi Mary !
Vancouver
Any way congratulations for Jenny and you again .
Hey Paul
Marty
Transportation system
Providing us needs that in the past were n't .
Anabel
See you soon ¡
F.
Find your joy in scary movie
The lightning in shops is obnoxious .
funny
PD : we have to meet
maybe we do n't be alone and ufo exist ?
Even though , there are not provided separate bins for different categories of dirt .
Danny .
Monika
Yours faithfully .
Yours faithfully .
Hi Shannon !
1250
Then ?
Look at you .
Yours sincerely .
Why " du ? " . yeah ..
Btu , What about sharing a ride ?
Mary Smith
We had been meeting for learning frequently .
C.
C.
5 .
Dear Mr Smith :
Hi Jay !
Hello Stefan !
Dear all ,
Indiana Jones
Science practical improve our life .
Hello!!How are you ! !
Subject : Shopping facilities
It refreshed me .
I would not rather say yes .
Your friend
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
Whereas .
Therefore traffic will be batter .
BUt it was okay .
In the sea , include the route and port construction .
But ...
Hello John !
So happy was I !
We were happy with this .
Please write me a line soon .
Hello Jane !
Bye
Bye
Bye
Dear Paul !
Silvia
Thank you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
He liked her at first .
Andreia
Andreia
she was very fine
They are called below :
These were experiential models .
Sports and sleep
Adri
Hello Mark !
Hi Jose ,
Best regards ,
Best regards ,
Best regards ,
Best regards ,
Best regards ,
Best regards ,
Best regards ,
Best regards ,
Best regards ,
Thank you ,
Thank you ,
Then It put on Televison more and more sports programmes .
Hello camps !
Sexual Harassment
Dear |Hadeel ,
I could start when you tell me .
Dear Camp Director :
Michael try to think again wisely .
The Anger will spoil over someday .
Regards .
Regards .
Regards .
Marta
We have a commercial center very nice .
The time of the gadget fashion .
Hello Joe .
Hello Jo !
Hello Sam !
Plane is most fastest in another way to travel .
Hello Lara .
Ana
What a great new !
When it happened .
My holidays
May be , in small part
Hello Sarah !
Hello Maria ,
Hello Maria ,
Hello Jo .
2 .
2 .
2 .
Best regards .
Best regards .
Best regards .
Best regards .
Hi Tom ,
Year 2064 .
Hello Paul ,
Hello Paul ,
Thank you for your reading .
clients search , customers support , conflicts solutions
they are looking for new experiences .
Jane .
Hello Sam .
Hello Julia ,
Hello John ,
Hello Harry ,
They have pollution .
Pavel
Alejandro
Alejandro
On the one hand , overspending money .
Hi Lara ,
Hi Lara ,
Dear friends !
Hi Jo ,
Hi Jo ,
Hi Jo ,
Hi Jo ,
Hi Jo ,
Hi Jo ,
Hi Jo ,
Conclusion :
Conclusion :
Hi Isabel ,
Hi Isabel ,
To ,
Hi Luke ,
Hi Patty ,
I recommend it to enjoy .
Hi Duncan ,
There are two pionts to approve it .
Indeed I consider mr .
Hi Mark ,
Hi Adam ,
Finaly , the word conviniend for everyone means something dirrerent .
Hi Paul ,
Hi Paul ,
Hi Paul ,
Hi Paul ,
Hi Paul ,
Yours Sincerely ,
its own end ? .
he forgot the key inside the home !
Hi Richard ,
Hi Michael ,
Hi Michael ,
It was solwly .
- just follow the day regiment .
Hi friend ,
Hi Max ,
Objections
Hi David ,
Hi Emma ,
Hi John :
design .
write soon ,
Dear Sir or Madame
Date : 27 Sep 2014
Hi Ryan ,
Will is fantastic !
Kind regards ,
Kind regards ,
Kind regards ,
Kind regards ,
Kind regards ,
Kind regards ,
Kind regards ,
Kind regards ,
Kind regards ,
Kind regards ,
Hi James ,
Polles came with big investigation .
I felt happy .
Hi Sara ,
Hi Sara ,
Hi Daniel ,
Anna Olsen and family .
Thanks you very much .
his woman before the date of wedding .
Hi Julie ,
Kind Regards
to who may concern
Hi Jan ,
Waiting for your answer .
It was the day of her birth .
Hi Katie ,
the cost is accessible .
Richard .
Save yourself
Thanking you
About me
Conclusion .
Hi Lucy ,
In the end all went fantastic .
Hello my friend
Patricia
This makes th
Everybody can practise football .
We pulled over the main road .
Desadvantages
Clothes
Take care
Take care
Take care
Take care
Dear reader ;
Andrei
Dear sir ,
Dear sir ,
Hi Anne ,
Hi Anne ,
Natasha
Findings
Findings
BEA
Gerard
Dear mum ,
But now not .
Dear Bob .
Dear Ms Ana
( how much ?
Fashion
Progress of the technique is very fast .
basketball .
Also , their facial expressions are almost flat as dead pans .
Dear friend :
Dear Sir ,
Dear Sir ,
Dear Sir ,
Dear Sir ,
Dear Sir ,
Dear Sir ,
Dear Sir ,
Dear Sir ,
Dear Sir ,
Dear Sir ,
Dear Sir ,
Dear Sir ,
Dear Sir ,
Dear Sir ,
Dear Sir ,
Dear Sir ,
Dear Sir ,
Dear Sir ,
Dear Sir ,
Dear Sir ,
Dear Sir ,
Sincerely
Sincerely
Ann .
Follow reading to know why!.
Natalia
It give me some pleasure and fun .
your friend Amy
Dear to whom it may concern ,
private cars reduce the affection .
Contribution
Kind regards .
Kind regards .
See you
See you
Is it raining ?
Dear Gareth ,
yors faithfully .
would be available again .
Dear Marco ,
buses :
Even not in 50 years .
Regina
Victoria .
3 .
3 .
said by Eleanor Roosevelt .
Relax
they can shut the cock above from the net .
Dear Jane ,
Dear Jane ,
Dear Jane ,
Dear Jane ,
Dear Jane ,
Dear Jane ,
Mohamed
Dear friends ,
About Me
And shoot all down .
Dear Amanda :
Dear Mark ,
Dear reader ,
Dear husband ,
Dear Dana ,
Dear Harry ,
Dear visitors ,
Dear friend ,
Dear friend ,
Dear friend ,
Dear friend ,
Congratulations !
Dear Maria ,
Dear Linda ,
Dear Chris ,
Dear Chris ,
It was murdered four vampires .
Dear Chairman ,
Dear Chairman ,
sometimes you lie on a window .
Dear José ,
Carefully , your Daniela
Dear Bruce ,
In 2000 .
Francisco
products .
Suzanne
Suzanne
Dear Jo ,
Dear Jo ,
Dear Jo ,
Dear Jo ,
Dear Jo ,
Dear Jo ,
Dear Jo ,
Dear Jo ,
Dear Jo ,
Dear Jo ,
Dear Jo ,
Dear Jo ,
Dear Jo ,
Dear Jo ,
Dear Jo ,
Dear Jo ,
Dear Jo ,
Dear Jo ,
Dear Jo ,
Dear Jo ,
Dear Mr Michael Wallis ,
Dear Alex ,
Dear Alex ,
Moreover , customs , make - up and special effects became ever more in reality the story .
Dear Peter ,
Dear Peter ,
Firstly I thought
Dear Carlos Sotelo ,
Dear Teacher Mary
Roberta
Dear director :
yours sincerely ,
Recommended changes
Cleaners
Dear Laura ,
Dear Editor ,
Luis
Luis
Dear Anne ,
Dear Mary ,
Dear Paul ,
Dear Paul ,
Dear Paul ,
Dear Paul ,
Dear Paul ,
Dear Paul ,
Dear Paul ,
Dear Paul ,
Dear Paul ,
Dear Paul ,
Dear Paul ,
Dear Paul ,
Dear Paul ,
Dear Paul ,
Dear Paul ,
Dear Paul ,
Dear Paul ,
Dear Alison ,
Dear Director ;
Television series
Dear John ,
Dear John ,
Dear John ,
Dear John ,
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Dear Lucky ,
Dear Emma ,
Dear editor ,
1 .
1 .
1 .
1 .
Dear Juliet ,
Dear Company ,
Dear students ,
Dear Jeff ;
Yours sincerely
Yours sincerely
Yours sincerely
Yours sincerely
Dear Daniel ,
Love !
Dear Caroline ,
Dear James ,
By David .
Dear Jenny ,
Dear Margaret ,
Dear Ali ,
Dear Molly ,
Dear Bob ,
Dear Bob ,
Margot
another option :
Sports Club
Dear Sir :
Dear Sir :
Dear Ann ,
Dear Ann ,
Hi jennie ,
really enjoy .
.
.
.
.
.
Go anywhere !
And terolism is scare also .
Recommendations :
ARTICLE
I hope you are fine when you read this letter .
REPORT
Dear Sir Madam ,
Fran .
Thanks in advance .
fashion enough .
Clothes at short price
Your faitfully .
Plan
Dear Manager ,
Dear teacher ,
Castle also has a courtyard .
When autumn , winter
hello , good morning
Dear pen friend ,
Dear Peter .
Dear Barbara .
It has many disadvantages .
Good luck
Egypt .
Pluses
Peter Hansen
Dear Prof . Findlay ,
CHAPTER 2
-
Town center
I apologise to you .
People and Change "
Meanly , the change in the environment .
Suggestions
Suggestions
Valeria
Dear John :
Eng .
public transport
Love ,
Love ,
Love ,
Love ,
Love ,
Love ,
Love ,
Love ,
Love ,
Love ,
Love ,
Love ,
Love ,
Love ,
Thanks .
Thanks .
Private care per individual is needed .
Fuji .
Fuji .
Fuji .
Pain of jealousy .
It can be with the flowers .
Demonstration
CONCLUSION
CONCLUSION
CONCLUSION
CONCLUSION
CONCLUSION
CONCLUSION
It was aweful .
The Miracle resort Bangkok ,
let us discover the aventadges and disavandges the
It 's used to public transport .
Petra
Petra
Awaiting for your amendment as soon as possible .
Maybe .
Best ,
Best of wishes .
Also .
Introduction :
Introduction :
Introduction :
Introduction :
Introduction :
Introduction :
Like folk dances or shooting with a bow .
Valerie
Report :
Hi mum and dad
YOU .
my father
Love .
Rest ... aurant .
Running
Dear teacher :
Public transportation
From the previous job , I 've been given the complement .
Manager
Dear MR . Smith
Bill
-He said .
Never nobody heard any discussion .
Hi Isabel
Practice
Personal experiences
Restpectfully ,
Hi freddy ,
Best wishes
Best wishes
Best wishes
Best wishes
hoping for your answer
Hi !
Hi !
Hi !
Hi !
Hi !
Hi !
Hi !
Hi !
Hi !
Dear James !
dear Sir ,
Hi Harry
Subject : Aplication .
Public Transport
Hi Elena
See you arrond
Your sincerely ,
Your sincerely ,
Dear all
Dear all
Your faithfully ,
Hello Paula
In fornt lives the richard 's family .
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Yours faithfully ,
Hi Ben
Price
Hello John
Hello Alison .
Sport centre
Regards
Hello Joe
Hi .
Hi David
She
Dears Kate Ashby ,
Television Commercial
Deer headteacher ,
Terry
Steve
Hello .
Sincerely yours ,
Sincerely yours ,
Sincerely yours ,
Purpose
Purpose
Hi , Isabel .
Yours Sincerely
Dear mr / ms of summer camp .
Hello !
Hello !
Hello !
Best regards
Best regards
Best regards
Best regards
Best regards
Hï Jo ,
Hi brother ,
Hello Jo
Dear Katy
Facilities
Facilities
The football
I am looking forward confirmation .
Hello ,
Hello ,
Hello ,
Hello ,
XYZ
XYZ
XYZ
XYZ
XYZ
XYZ
Once or twice on a week to ride .
XYX
from
Hi ,
Hi ,
Hi ,
Hi ,
Hi ,
Hi ,
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Thank you
Nick
.All about me
Dear Sir
Dear Sir
specific area .
Dear Ronnie
your friend
Dear Sir Cunningham ,
Story
Welcome tourist :
Nodody opened .
Angel
Summer holiday ,
cell phone
Mike
Conclusions
Conclusions
thanking you !
Dear Tom
Laura
Dear Nick
thanks in advise .
Michelle
My
Dear Kennedy
Dear Paul
Dear diary
Dear Joe
Maria
Maria
Maria
Maria
May be they are comfortable , teribble , essay , dengerous or avrage .
Dear Thomas
Dear grandmother ,
Russia
Dear John
Dear John
dear sir ,
good bye
My name is Natalia Goraya .
Dear Jo
Dear Jo
Dear Jo
Dear Jo
Dear Jo
Patrick
Jose
Physically I am blonde ,
yours truly
Dear Friend
Dear editor
Taxy is the first variant .
Sincerely ,
Sincerely ,
Sincerely ,
Sincerely ,
Sincerely ,
Dear James
For
Kind regards
Kind regards
Kind regards
Kind regards
Jim
Bob
Bob
Bob
Hope that those information are of good use .
Rubbish
You are only relying on it .
Jon
other frinds coll poles .
Smith
Than the music hanged to multi media .
On
Lo
Lo
Tagline
Your sincerely ,
John
John
pain and gain
Rest is anything but completely different .
Witness
best wishes
Online Lerning
CLAIM
Yours Sincerely .
Dear Kuba !
second .
Recommendations
Recommendations
Recommendations
Recommendations
Recommendations
Recommendations
Recommendations
Recommendations
Recommendations
My faithfully
Mario
Recommendation
Recommendation
Subject :
Conclusion
Conclusion
Conclusion
Conclusion
Conclusion
Conclusion
Conclusion
Conclusion
Conclusion
Conclusion
Michael
Sarah
to : miss analia
Dear director ,
Wtite soon
Dear Ms / Mr ,
Yours sincerely .
Tom
Debates is a combat
Joe
Thanks
DYI Classes
Kate
Dear Mr ,
sincerely
Enjoy
Adam
hello Pierre ,
Television
Penn
sincerely ,
Location
Location
beast regards
Mich
Music
cars :
Dear mr , ms
Dear Mrs Kate ,
Best
Best
Hello .
Sincerely
Ta
Dear Sir X ,
Love
Love
Dear Madam and Sir
My hoby
thank you
0100
Dear Sir Stuart Thomson ,
People
Home rubbish :
Thanks
Thanks
Best regards .
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
Introduction
kisses
Anna
Anna
Anna
Arthur
ufo story started already in antiquity .
Dear principle ,
Mrs Gate
Hi , Jenny
Dear J.T.Reevs
Thanks
Cons
good
Fortunatley ,
continue the study
Dear Redaction ,
Dear Mr./Ms .
To who ever it goes ,
Sincerely ,
Sincerely ,
your Sincerely
Dear Mr .
hello ,
Hi there ,
Good Morning :
Dear
Oh !
Sincerely
Dear Sir Summer Camp ,
Best wishes
marcos rodriguez
Faithfully
victoria
Pros
Best wishes .
lou
Hello Sir / Miss .
hello ..
conclution
thought .
Ms / Mr head of department :
loverer .
.
Dear college
dear .
they cache them .
toni
Conclusión
hello
Ou
yes becouse yes
fsdjgdofg
