It has a high - density population because of its small territory .
Pasteries are very common and most of them offer the special dessert from the city .
Most of the shops have sales and offers in at least three months of the year : January , June and August .
Everyone has his own plans .
Some people want to be a doctor , other want to be a teacher .
I have my own plan too , but I do n't want to be the same to them , I want to become a Journalist .
First , I will have an opportunity to live abroad .
Second , I can travel all around the world , and meet different people who are very friendly .
Next , I will have a chance to appear in big parties or events and I can make friends with famous person - It 's interesting !
Finally , I will have a high salary when I am a Journalist .
To be a Journalist , I must study very hard , so I 'll try to learn in order to make my dream comes true .
In the future , I 'll become a journalist .
Before , it was really convenient to go by bus or by train , but with the new economy , the travel tickets are more expensive and a big difference from the past is that it is less expensive to go far then near .
I remember from my town Palermo in Italy to go to Milan was about 340 pounds , now if we are lucky , we can arrive to New York .
In England , where I live , in Bedford , we use a lot the train to go in the most important town of UK , but the train are very expensive , me and my family stay careful if we go off pick because the price are to high .
Furthermore , the biggest group of positive feeling students in the present is live with various nationalities .
It is restrict to argue .
In the other side , they might be wanted to safeguard the national image .
In order to give a good image and show the national parenting , our respondents tend to have a great pardon to other nationalities .
Do you know about mountain biking ?
Perhaps you think it 's only a sport .
You 're wrong .
Firstly , I tried it with a rental bike in the area of Aznalcazar .
However , it was wonderful how I could admire the landscape while I was doing sport .
Consequently , I realized that although ciclyng outside helped me to improve my fitness , really I enjoyed the best breathing pure air and taking pleasure in the countryside .
Lucy Keyes
because it 's difficult to understand ; for example , the characters are ,
Lucy , Molly , and their parents , a cowboy , and a teacher .
The movie is about Lucy 's family , that moves into a farmhouse , mysterious and
scary .
Also reflects a comparison of Lucy 's family , and characters
The story actually takes place in a camp , and a farmhouse , mysteriously
used in other times .
It 's interesting because Lucy 's mom discovered a wall in their farm , that
had a weird painting of two sisters just like her 's , and the same ones also of the
story she read .
I recommend this movie only to teenagers older than thirteen years old ..
Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .
At least they can meet other folks and relax , have a sunbathe and listen to the music .
In the summer around the lake , there are so many concerts so you have the difficulty finding the right one .
Luckily , the scouls are closed per ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have much time to spend the
leisure time together .
Dear husband ,
I hope you 're fine .
I remember all of you and miss my family .
I miss my big house , but I do n't miss the guns .
I hope to return to my country and see you again .
In the following decades , revolution and civil wars smote many of the Powers of Europe , and new nations were born .
Britain alone escaped almost unscathed from these years of unrest .
There was an unparalleled expansion of the English - Speaking Peoples both by birth and emigration .
I really like to travel , but I like it the most when I travel with friends .
I a very good experience .
I love to travel with my family .
Those two times has been with the orchestra that I play in .
Once we went to Zacatecas .
We went there because the university orchestra from UAZ invited us to go there and play with them .
In that time , I did not know nobody , just one person .
Her name is irixhi .
She was my friend , because we are from the same town .
But when I was there , I began to make new friends that I never thougth I was going to have , and I never thoungth the way that I was going to know them eather . at the begining I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .
We stayed in Zacatecas like a week . We really had a good time .
The second trip that I made was to Guerrero .
There was too hot there .
Then we went to Taxco .
We were very happy there . We really like Taxco .
Actually , I was already been there before , but not with my friends .
Then we went to Cacahuamilpa to play there . That was an incledible experience that I will never forget .
And now I have to pass my subjects .
We hope to go to Colombia next year .
I like biathlon .
Really , I think it 's a very beautiful , interesting and breathtaking kind of sport .
In biathlon , sportsmen need to run some races , which a very different , some of that are long , some are short .
But , the fact that it is short distance does n't mean it 's will be easy or something like that .
Sometimes the weather conditions are not comfortable for guys , for example : wind , light frog or freeze , all of that are very difficult conditions .
That 's why I like it .
And also most of them are very attractive , A big advantage for girls , whose like nice pictures .
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Using public transport can be not easy , because we have a strict time and , normally , we do not have a place to sit and that can be extremely desconfortable .
Sometimes the employers do on strike and we clients do not known in time . As a result , we can not get on time to work , that is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .
One argument for not using the car is that the petrol price is very expensive , but the public transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantange are not so good , actually .
For me , the car is the best . And you ?
Well , however your choice is , it is necessary to be perfect for your daily life !
However you use , have a nice trip !
People usually tell me I 'm a cinema 's enthusiast , and they are in the correct way . I prefer to spend my free time watching a good film , especially when it is a thriller , rather than doing sport ,
If you want to see a good thriller , " Regression " will be your best option . I have seen it recently and , in my opinion , it should be seen by everyone , because I believe people would like it for many reasons .
Moreover , the customs , make - up and special effects became ever more in reality the story .
However , the soundtrack was awful , it did n't get having a scared .
In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thiller must be seen if you had spent a good time , given than it achieves keeping you in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .
In addition , you wo n't have a better opportunity to see it than this week , because just moment in Spain the festival 's cinema is happening .
You should take advantage of that !
In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve , because my country is so poor and , beside it is considered one of the third world countries . And another think must be taken into consideration is they the politicians are horrible . They have destroyed my country .
The first thing that we think of is the pollution , the car smoke , factory smoke , etc ... but , have we thought in the food or clothes ?
perhaps when we are buying in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask to the assistant for a bag o something similar to carry at home this food or other things .
But we do n't have forgotten the cotamination cause by cars , We can use more the bicycle or public transportetion more .
Also , in the sort way , we should go walking to the destination.icle
If we are working with sameone in the same jobs , and who lives near us or he is our neighbour , we can go to the work in the same car , this way we use less oil .
They should have healthy habits and , with their examples , they can improve the habits of the population .
I love sports but I did not get much opportunities to play a sport . I was born in a village in India , my parents are farmers like most of other villagers .
We bought a television in 1888 , after that , I became a fan of cricket .
A MISTAKE
It was the summer holidays and Michael 's family was in the airport waiting impatiently for their flight to Mexico .
That was a special family ; it was so big ; his father has 6 brothers ! , so he has 17 cousins counting his little sister .
In total , they were 32 pelople , a white kittie and a dog .
About 10 minutes later , they started to get bored , when they heard a girl calling they to enter the plane .
The flight to Mexico was incredible , and very funny .
the family was walking around the luxurious hotel .
SOme minutes later , they designate how the cousins were going to share the rooms .
Michael finally ended up with the last one he would like to share with ; Tom .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
One of the best restaurants I 've ever been to is Spizharka .
It is situated in the very centre of our city and offers a wide variety of dishes and drinks .
The service is really great .
The waitresses are helpful and smiling .
You feel like you are at home !
Warm candle light and small tables with patterned table clothes create a friendly atmosphere .
The dishes are n't very expensive .
So , my favourite sport in the present time it is street workout . I have been exercising this sport for a already long time .
I like to exercise on the street even in the season when the temperature outside is below zero .
Of course , in summer , I like to exercise more than in winter , but this do n't stop me .
For those people , who want to start to exercise the street workout , I 'm advising to start with basic exerscises such as pull ups , push ups , dips and squats .
After some time , when you will be feeling that you are ready for more , you can start to study more difficult exercises .
So , it 's my first attempt to create English text !
What 's the reason ?
Because of mind .
I was n't satisfied with your behavior .
How can I explain to them ?
Michael is a handsome and kind person .
He lives next to his family 's home .
Michael got married to his close friend since only one month .
Unlike his wife respect and love his mother and never complain to her husband about these bad situations .
Michael 's only fault is that he is a mamma 's boy .
For he always defend his mother and always said the wife is the responsible one .
Moreover , she fired her without her mobile or money .
Once he came , his mother asked him to up quickly , acting that she was tired .
He saw his wife but said no words to her and continued on hi way .
Michael believed his mother , although he observed marks of hitting on his wife 's shape .
He fired his wife after insulting her .
But his mother refused her apology and ordered him to close the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The light bulb .
Edison is said to have created the first comercially practical incandescent light .
He was neither the first nor the only person trying to invent an incandescent light bulb .
Some historians claim there were 20 over inventors of incandescent lamps prior to Edison 's version , but Edison is often credited with the invention because his version was able to outstrip the earlier versions because of a combination of three factors : " an effective incandescent material , a higher vacuum than others were able to achieve and a high resistance that made power distribution from a centralized source economically viable . "
( taken from www.bulbs.com )
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Tom , a friend of Peter 's suddenly fainted and fell down in the class room . I do n't know what to do immediately , first , I calm down yourself and I checked his pulse beat . it is okay , then I knew that he is out of danger , so I called my classmates . Everyone came rushing to the spot , but still he is not moving , so we decide to take him into the hospital or call the ambulance , finally we call the ambulance without ant delay .
Everyone was eagerly waiting for the ambulance 's arrival , but it still had not yet reached us . The reason is our college location is little far from the city . That 's why it is getting late .
We were waiting patiently , finally , the ambulance arrived and take him into the hospital immediately .
I was interested in if I could write such an article and win a prize .
And I decided to try .
Nowadays , a healthy way of life is very popular with most people all over the world .
And as for me , I 've been going in for sport for several years .
What is my favourite kind of sport ?
It 's ordinary bodybuilding .
Why did I choose it ?
I lost several kilos and I could wear my favourite clothes .
It became possible for me to run easily .
I 'd like to give advice to everybody not to sit at home and watch TV .
Go to sports centres and gyms , be active and you will feel in another way .
You will forget about doctors and expensive medicine .
Sport is like drugs .
If you do n't have training for a long time , your body will feel something unusual .
People will look at your figure enviously .
Describe your bedroom .
My bedroom is quite big .
In my bedroom there is a brown bed , a yellow chest of drowers , a little light brown bedside table and a big brown wardrobe .
In my city , the environment 's protection is so difficult .
First of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado closer to the Federal University of São Carlos , but sometimes , the area will be used to construct a new building of University .
We have done several movements , but sometimes it is not worked .
Secondly , the Hall does n't matter with the environment ; for example , the Hall stopped with the garbage 's selection collection when the new major assumeded the hall .
It demonstrate that the effort that was done in the last 10 years it was over because of the new political position of the major .
Instead to use a selective collection of garbage , or recycling of materials , or the sanitary landfill ; we have used the dumpfill that is prejudice the soil .
At last , the population , in majority of the times , does n't matter to throw away the garbage on the street or in a prohibited area .
In conclusion , in my city , the concern of the environment 's protection do not working how it is necessary to the protection of soil , environment and healthy .
The environment is the sorrounding.there is no aleartness in our locality.they were busy in their own work.everyone were not focus or see what is hapening in our place.they use to speak about how hot today is?but they do nt know what makes it this much hot.iam interest in planting tree and makes sorrounding clean.some people used to burn the forest as if those forest is useless.man are greedy because of all the thing getting from the forest are free .
They damcare about the environment because that does n't gave anything to them .
Managemant acountant practice is very important for an organization to making decision about human resources , sales , marketing and potential customers .
Most of the organizations known how is affect managemant acountant practice on them work , therefore , they are chossing good programme and employee .
I have been in the USA last year , first in order to look for a job as a pharmacist , but also , having a lot of time to explore a new world .
I spent about two years there , but I wanted to come back to Italy because I missed my home .
At first , I had called a travel agent but he said he could n't be able to book me a flight before two months , so I called my brother who heavily regret me for not having told him about the trip , and he promised me he would have booked a flight sooner than that good for nothing travel agent .
I had never felt so nervous !
The environment is always a hurting problem in the world .
There are company so much , they , they make our life polluted .
To take care of the environment , each of us has to do anything such as propaganda to the people in the country, ... about my village , we use banana leaf stead of nilon , garbage desposal sensibly ... and so on .
we should clean our area to attract visitor and introduce to many other countries in the world.let protect our lung .
Hi , today i 'm gon na talk about myself .
My name is Abrar saeed Al - mubarak .
I'm 13 years old .
I have 9 sisters , with me we 10 .And 9 brothers .
I hope you pass it with a good grade !
I have just finish my lunch time , and before prepare everything to go to work , I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a small surprise with this fantastic photos , I hope you like it .
With all my love
Victoria .
Dear Sir or Madam
I would like to apply for the job that you have advertised .
I love young children .
I have worked in many kitchens before , and I have gained a lot of experience there .
Bye
Marisa
This summer happened to me several things , I went to the beach , I went to the pool , or simply went for a walk with friends , but the best thing was when I went to a wedding , because it was the event that more memories bring me this summer .
We got there at five o'clock , we had not yet reached many people , so take the opportunity to give the gift , that was a washing machine the finished clothing to reach the store , and apparently they were in need of a new one , as the bride loved .
Spent half an hour after we arrived , started coming everybody , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently structured , with plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course , also the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool , we were lucky we had an amazing wedding planner who arranged the magnificent and fun activities , he said to the bride and groom that they should enter each an inflatable ball and try walking on the water for as long as withstand , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
IN my country peole do alot of mistake and have alot of of bad habits concerning their attitude towards the rubbish , they are always throwing their old things and rubbish away in public place , the governement also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour .
Michenstain was a very tiny city . That was one bad thing for them ; the other bad thing was that in the city , there was a monster called " Monsteration " .
Monsteration was a very lively monster . He always migrates to the north every Monday .
In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , it was the contrary , he kill people , destroys complete cities ; he smash all the architecture from the city , and did a lot of bad things .
One day , Monsteration 's next destination was the city of Michenstain .
It was in the midnight when he arrived , so he was eager to destroy everything .
So all the people started to run and scream , and the monster was pursuing all of them .
The next day , he was a very attractive monster , in other words , he was convert in other monster 's body .
He was completely different ; it was impressive the way he was acting .
( On those times , there were diverse monster , but none of them was like him ; he was in the number 1 rank of the monster in destroying things . )
They had to isolate the chemicals to find the formula to have the cure .
I 'm 56 years old and I 'm a chemist .
I have neded to use English a lot of time during my professionals activities . For that reason I have taken some English courses many years ago .
I can tell you that I fell I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm Reading , but my main problem with English is , of course , when I must speak : I fell my self horrible without confidence , I think that always I 'm thinking in Epanish and after makind the translation to English , may be in this moment , when I 'm writing this composition , I 'm making the same wrong . I know that learning English is a large process , but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual Pearson .
Currently , I 'm working like teacher at the university and to teach in English have been my gol .
I 'm sure I 'll have made many mistakes , but I feel good because I must write and write and write . I need to improve my English level . I must not fell bad if I want to finally learn English very well .
I hope you can help me undesrtand more about how to improve my English level and develop my skiils
Thank you for you attention , and I 'll wait for your advaice , ( that is my first time writing over 50 Word )
Milton Morales
I like to workout on push up bars .
If you want to start working out , you should be ready for a big load on your muscles .
On Thursday , September 11 , the term exams finished and our week of vacation started .
In the afternoon , I went to my dance classes .
On Friday I went to the mall with my family .
I bought one sweater and two pairs of jeans .
On the weekend I stay at home . I start reading " Eleanor & Park " ; it was amazing , I was laughing a lot because of the things that the characters said .
The next day , I went with my friends to see a movie .
Later in the week , I pass the day drawing .
The next few days I did n't do much .
Hello Jo , my name is Mirko .
I 'm from Mramorak .
If you would like and wish to come here my best advice is to stay at home .
Maybe you can bring some money and spend it on something fun .
Best wishes .
Mirko .
As per the today 's topic , " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that . Please be patient , as my English is not too good as you readers think .
Most of the Metro cities are now days attract people of city towards the Metro , only not just because of the fare , but because of the time that it saves .
The Metro is good for even health of the people as there is no pollution and all because it runs on electricity and also it connect most of the city . As Delhi has a wide area span of Metro that is really awesome .
Other than that , public transport is also not good for Natural resources , which is not good for the future of the country .
There are so many temples here .
Curious ?
Just come and give it a try !
I think pay expensive tax on personal car can reduce the use of cars or other vehicles in order to solve the traffic problems .
Because all people like money , for example , many people do n't buy a car with expensive tax , so people must use the public transportation , such as bus , the subway , etc .
The public transportation will rich , so they can build more station for suburban and more public car to carry this .
Therefore , the traffic will be batter .
I am applying for the position in the USA Summer Camps to work this year .
I am 29 years old , and originally from Brazil .
I am an English student where I have been studying for five years , and recently , I passed on the FCE , which is a well recognised certificate .
In 2010 , I graduated in electronics engineering .
From June to September of the 2013 , I worked for a tourism company , my position had involved take after of groups of people going to England , this previous experience makes me suitable for this job announced .
In addition to this , personally I am really helpful , exciting , cheerful and engaged .
I do practise sports such as football , basketball and chess , and with these skills , I could help children have fun while teaching them the all goods benefits in practising sports .
By applying for the job offered , I am willing to work in all different sorts of job , I do not matter which , as long as I have the opportunity of being in the USA , as English is my passion .
To sum up , I feel rather confident to assume this position and thank you for considering my application .
My faithfully ,
Alessandro Costa .
I think public transport is very important .
I am really overwhelm to be the third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of which are my parents in 45 years of the same age and my little brother , Patrick-14 year old in a mischievous manner .
Their gentle norm with lovely and adorable mind take a reference to their hobbies - reading .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judge according to the social status and material possessions , that is mostly to happen in high class famiies , as they are foccus on achievements as power , political influences etc . on the other hand , for a middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as it is the inheritance from our ancestors in terms of values as honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
The metro is the most comfortable way of transportation in Moscow .
The metro is the only one that I use in the city .
Using a ground transportation is not comfortable because of the traffic .
Just a few years ago , we started to use a special road line .
But the problem is , Russian drivers are not getting used to keep this line free .
Moscow traffic is awful .
Everyone is in a hurry .
There is no difference if you use a car or the bus .
For example , American public transport has a special line and a schedule and it works like a train , I mean it come in exact time , like a train .
That 's my dream"when I joined the faculty of languages and translation I was very happy because I had achieved my dream .
In this faculty , I faced some problems with my english , I began to ask " How can I improve my english ? "
all of the answer was " you have to listen and read so you can write and speak well " . I said okay I have to depend on myself , I began to join groups on facebook where I found some of the people shared their knowledge with others , I followed them immediately .
My dream is that I want to open a Center for Language Learning ,
to teach children and adults in my country good English , and I will avoid traditional education .
the best thing that can encourage me to open this center is that I have in my country 5 friends who study in the faculty of languages and translation and I think that they will be very happy for joining me in my center .
I know that is a very amazing dream , but I pray to Allah to give me all the means to achieve my future dream .
If you will join us , we can meet in Ambasodor mall in the city at 7 p.m.
One day in October , Michael , a boy who was studying architecture discovered a box with a message , while he is opening a box , he heard a door open .
In this moment , a big man went into the bedroom .
He spoke with his father and he asked him because he was there , and his father responded that he had the biggest secret about his family .
" In the past , Matilde , your mother , killed your brother , although she had a reason , he was a monster because he killed a lot of people in our city , so we went to another city . "
But Michael did not believe this story and he thought that he was crazy .
This situation was impossible because his father had dead and , in this moment , he ran and he opened the door and his father said " you must be here , because I must speak with you more time and explain because I can speak with you " . But Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Sincerely ,
Tracy
How are you ?
Today we received a shipment from Visual service center under our old account number , it could be a mistake by the service center as a notice regarding major organizational restructure already sent to service centers .
In the issued notice , it clearly states that all defect parts should be sent to Slovakia with effect from 01/06/2015 .
So , please advise all service centers to return defect parts to Slovakia instead of England .
Nowadays , sport is a very important part of our life .
Many doctors recommended the practice of sport , because it is very healthy for our body and for our mind .
My favourite sport is swimming , because as soon as you start this sport , you feel better .
When I am stay in water , I feel free and very hastily .
Not only is sport when you feel sweaty , but also you do a lot of exercise .
However , you do n't have the feeling that you are very tired , is different , at the same time , it is fantastic !
I promise you that it will be this way .
You start and then you can explain to me how are you ?
About Me
I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
She 's 9 or 10 years old . I do n't really know .
I have also got an cat . Her name is chelsea .My favorite food is fillet of beef , scallops and maybe sushi .
I see forward to friday when I am going to the cinema with my friends , we 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .
My favorite is Narnia .
I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
I do n't like to read but I like music , good music .
I like all from pop , electronic , hip - hop to calm music .
I am watching a few tv - series , but I watch them over the internet , so I am not trying to time the clock to see a episode .
Hi , my name is Elliot and I like tv games and lego .
He is 9 years old and he is really good at saying what he wants all the time .
I have two parents , like the most people .
I do n't know so many parents , but whatever .
I like books too , but I ca n't read so good so I am not reading so hard books with hundreds of pages .
I read books like DIARY of a Wimpy kid or like Percy Jackson .
I like to talk English at school too , but my friends do n't like it when I talk it in school , so I talk Swedish ther .
My bests friends name is Viktor and he is really fun and I like him .
Hi Daniel ,
I am tall , around 2 meters , with black hair and blue eyes .
Kind Regards ,
Rafael
I would like to describe my brother Rishabh Bantwal in this letter .
He is 24 years old and he looks very similar to me .
he likes to play guitar in his free time and likes to go out with friends .
Nowadays , we are in the age of the internet .
We have our knowledge easier and we learn more easier , too .
The social networks , such as : Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... . We are really have many things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " on and a dozen of stuffs that we can make an action to interactive with others ... so may it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care of our healthy .
But it just happen in the information technology and related fields such as : , communication , ...
On another hand , we still have many other technologies to create many useful machines , on - side services to help our life is better and better day by day .
It is amazing for you , if you have enough money , to pay for that tour .
Chemistry gives us more tablets .
Yes , we are solving many trouble with our technology for our feeling , our healthy and our finance , too .
You can join to any stock market on over the world to buy some Google stocks and sell some Facebook stock too , and earn some money .
You take the world on your hands with technology to help your life better and better actually , but It is not full that it will good , let keep it with your needs , your time and your money too .
How can I help the environment ?
How can a group of friends help the environment ?
This year me and my friends are going to help Parque Corgo from the recent forest fire .
Egypt have more historical places , such as the pyramids , and is the one of the empirical in the world and more people from around the wold come to see this pyramids . the wold think about how the Egyptian people make this building from may be thousand year and they still stand without change and more tourist come to take photo in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptian make this one without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machine more scientific teams come from all over the world to study this building and make Egyptian science in more universities around the world , to study how the air going inside this building and how it keep the food inside it and how this big stone takes out from far places and come for this place and how this building keep the body of the people after they had died and how this people leave inside the building and why this building like this and what the benefit of this building and how to make kike this building .
If you have a car , you can go anywhere you want and stop by any beautiful spot you like .
It 's more flexible for your travel plan .
It is a very important and very enjoyable game .
Today , cricket is a very famous game in the world .
We could go to in the world from cricket .
Today we have clever cricketers and more famous amperes than other countries .
It is very valuable .
But Sri Lanka is a developing country yet .
But Sri Lanka 's cricket team could won the World cup 2014 .
It is very important opportunities in our countries .
So as I think I can enjoy in cricket more than other games .
You can start playing the cricket game .
And you can earn more money and you can go to other countries .
Volley ball , Net ball , Elle , Table tennis , Karate , etc .
But it is not famous and we could n't go to everywhere in the world .
In my opinion , cricket is best for you . You can be a good cricketer .
You do not what to do ?
Are you a tourist ?
Are you lost in the city without knowing what to do ?
If I am right , continou reading this .
We have a lot of shopping facilities , it is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops since clothes shops , pets shops , food shops , shoes shops , accessories shops , toys shops , presents shops and much more types of shops that know I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need . it is not incredible ?
But for some of them you have to search very well because some of the shops are unique and some other are very good hidden , but for that you have specialized transports that will take you to wherever you want or you need to go .
Hi ,
You wo n't believe what I did last month !
It was such a great experience for me .
I applied in one music club in our city and I was really excited when they repplied and asked me to help , because I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage is working .
I enjoyed working with a soundmaster so far .
It was quite stressful but at the end of the concert the atmosphere was amazing .
Steve
Hi Jo ,
It 's really nice that you are asking me about it .
Poland is really beautiful and you choose it wisely .
I suggest that you can start your trip from Warsaw .
It 's the heart of Poland and you will learn everything about work , education and people from here .
If you want to relax you can also go to the mountains or sea .
Even there , you can meet really nice people and talk with them .
We appreciate kind and hard - working people .
But you ca n't expect that they are going to pay you a lot of money .
Rate is pretty low .
But there is a chance that you can meet generous people .
Take care
Ola
Hi Paty .
I 'm going to tell you about me .
My name is Agustina López . I was born in 1999 on 12th April .
I 'm fifteen years old .
Last year I celebrated my fifteen party and I loved it very much , ( I want to celebrate it again ) .
I love to do many things like sleeping , going dancing with my friends , going to the beach , cinema , shopping center , running , and I love the fashion very much , like the shoes , make - up , bags and clothes .
This summer was the best . I went to cuchilla alta with my best friends . Their name are : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela anda Lucía .
I have a great time with them .
I also went to piriapolis with my family and all the days .
I went to the beach , we loved it .
I think that it it very interesting and I like it .
Hello , how are you ?
I am very well and everything is all right .
Well , I write to tell you about my last summer .
The staff is really interesting and helped me all the time and the customers were gentle all the time .
I learnt lots of things , such as dealing with money and tickets and watch movies freely .
We got to work at four in the afternoon and it is very relaxing . I had a day off that I spent time at home or going to the gym , where I met hansome guys .
This summer was really great .
Love
Giselle
Firstly as everybody know the cost of the fuel is increasing more and more , adding to those the bill that own a car will bring , it became immediately clear that it is cheaper to go around by public transport .
In my town , for example , I have been Waiting for up to forty minutes before I could take a bus .
Secondly , the environment would improve its state indeed , as far as I can see , the pollution caused by the traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is true as far as waste of time is concerned , obviously the fewer cars there are around , the quicker you can get where you want to go .
In conclusion , I would really like that politicians who care about public transport will improve the services so that more people could leave their vehicles at home and move around much more easily .
The problem is that if everyone thinks that traveling by car is convenient , absolutely everyone will go everywhere by car , and the roads will become chockablock .
You see , man , I do n't like crowded roads , a nd prefere to travel by tram .
It is cheap and eloquence .
I also like to play baseball , too .
I can play basketball and baseball like there is no tomorrow .
I usually play baseball with a group of my friends .
In the today 's society .
Maybe , in fact , the lands are more big , so that the transport had not published to anywhere .
The general transport constructions can be divided into three levels .
In the sea , include the route and port construction .
The transport construction and economic development has a close relationship , and utilized of land are more important .
The development of the railroad and highway are easy to pulished , but the construc of seaport and airport must with congenital condition .
that every day is a different day if we compare it with the one that has just passed .
Some years ago , we did n't use the technology to get in touch with friends and family , but nowadays it 's the most important thing for
I am speaking about the mobile phone and how it changed our life .
It 's normal
that in the next 50 years it is going to change .
It will be more advantages in general and it will give us a lot of good things , but maybe some bad things too .
It is necessary for our lives to have or to feel that we are getting better .
It also helps us in our studies .
I agree that it 's not a physical exercise but a mental one .
There are many physical exercises , like swimming , but name any game except chess that makes our mind sharp .
I like many other games , but the best one is this .
I am not saying that we should always play chess , as physical activities are also important .
In that case , chess would help him .It would make the child 's mind sharp and he would not get distract by the surroundings .
Local transportation is one of the most serious problem in our area .
The local transportation has become difficult and expensive .
Public media also must educate people in the importance of Local translation and how they can preserve it .
The Government must save the gasoline and jazz to resolve the problem .
They must maintain the roads .
The government must maintain the public transportation and make it safe .
I have thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers , above all , and making no differences on the sport you have chosen , it is paramount practising some sport , whatever sport you choose , such as spinning , that is my favourite sport .
If you want to start practising some sport , first of all , think about how much time you are willing to spend on it , then try once and if you are having a good time , go ahead and do the most of your time enjoying the sport , nevertheless , be careful and go slowly because you might be injured .
First of all , my opinion is that there is a future for the public transport systems .
If we take a look on the Swiss public transport system , in the bigger cities , almost all people go to work by public transport .
First , the bank notes should be considerated how to design , included background colour , artwork and security issues .
Subsequently , the sheets of bank notes are printed on the metal plates .
The most important step is inspect the notes to see which are good quality sheets and which are bad sheets .
If the sheets are good , those sheets are then cut into separately and packed into cars in order to be dispatach all over the city .
Sport is a very important part of a healthy lifestyle .
I enjoy running .
There is no doubt that traffic adds to pollution .
The public transport offers a possible solution for the problem , because much people can be transported in one vehicle .
The government has a responsibility to encourage the public to use buses and the underground more .
However , there are a number of changes that need to be considered .
Firstly , public transport should be made free .
Cars are generally more expensive .
last summer i worked at a cinema.i think it is a very good job because you can see any films you like for free .
The minus of this work is the very big salary and i think that i will work at this cinema on the next summer .
I do yoga to aid relaxation .
I do yoga at least one hour every day .
From Monday to Friday , I do it at home , at weekends I attend yoga classes .
Yoga is a very convenient sport .
But if you are a beginner , it 's better for you to attend regular yoga classes .
After doing it skillfully , you can do it at home or any place .
In recent decades , however , developments have been particularly groundbreaking , Man has been able to invent machines , which they have been put to work . Automation is a great help to mankind , because it significantly increases the standard of living and frees people form hard work .
The result is much less work and a better life .
The disadvantage , however , is that , because of the machines , many people have lost their jobs .
Dear Jo
I advise you to visit Queretaro . It has had an excellent service with foreign people since five years ago .
Talking about your new job , I was searching for some vacancies however it required a job for full - time , so I am going to continue searching for some jobs of part - time .
Sincerely
Uriel
Nowadays , people get around constantly .
It 's better to use public transport or private transport ?
In recent years , the numbers of people who use public transport has increased a lot , in comparison with ten years ago .
It 's more comfortable , faster and preferable than have to run to take the bus , wait for the train , etc .
This is a fact which indicates that the public transport there is no future in our society .
But if you take the bus , you have to take down in a bus stop , which maybe a bit far from where you want to go .
Also , it has to say that maybe in the future , technology will create a car that does n't pollute the air , and then , use public transport wo n't be necessary .
yeah i think it 's statement is quite right because every person have a car now a days .
transport are are important , but a car is more reliable for families if they went together without waiting for transport .
It is more flexible with a lot of fun with family .
I live in a city named Tangerang . It is in Indonesia .
The Indonesia Government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and do neither the citizen too .
it has caused our river some big problems , such as disease , unpleasant smell , flood , etc .
I wonder if the citizen in my country and town could make a better environment area by throwing garbage away on its place and try using an eco - friendly transportation .
And the government , pls do n't be so flabby with your own citizen .
I hope the Indonesian government take an action about this situation because , if it continues , then Indonesia would be the most unclean country over the other countries .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
After the class , Alison joined her friends .
She was very enthusiastic and telling them that Juan , the boy who she was fallen in love with , had written a letter for her .
She transcribed the letter with a lot of passion , because it was evident that Juan was interested in Alison too .
While all the girls was hearding to Alison , Juan appeared as a gosh .
The boy felt very embarrassed , therefore he carried on on his ways and he did not say nothing to her .
Alison always through : " If I would not have told this story to my friends I would had passed all evening with Juan "
Like in other things , the prices increase , from the aliments to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , eletricity .. Then the people will choose the public transport in the future .
My relaxing activity
I used to go to the swimming pool when I was in the school to learn to swim and it became in my favourite activity when I was really tired .
Nowadays , I usually go swimming twice a week and I really enjoy swimming because I can chill out and disconnect my mind .
Moreover , it is said to be healthy in order to improve problems in the back , so that going swimming is really beneficial for me .
Furthermore , it is necessary to wear glasses .
For this reason , it is a perfect activity to do sport and enjoy yourself .
There are lots of problems in our life .
May be they are comfortable , teribble , essay , dengerous , dangerous or avrage .
If you are late , you can use the subway because it is faster , safer and cheeper .
My view of eating habits .
Why does our brain think about food every day ?
Why do have you fridge in every single home ?
Why ..... ?
How often do you open your fridge ?
Really , I told you that I was , like , a little bit future girl who has dinner regularly with two portion : soup and meal deal .
So we can started from the beginning : firstly , was breakfast , which included some cereals with hot milk .
After I was in home on dinner time and had some dessert .
Could you see how easy and regular a life I have got .
My " private menu " included fresh eat like salad , fish , fruit and vegetables - many options and healthy food .
Now , I am a 28 year old woman who does n't has time for normally dinner because I 'm a very busy .
Today , I wake up at 07.00a.m and catch up some of kind bread with jam , drinks a coffee , but more than often just has time for half a mug and runs to work .
During a day , I have lunch , which is from a can or order some junky food .
Later , I order take away from a Chinese buffet or any pizza .
When the weekend coming I have a plan for a special dinner which is like home made , but do n't have time again .
Why does everything look like more difficult and hard than were before ?
Where is our free time and what are you doing with your lifestyle ?
Ten years showed me that I can do everything for myself if it is enough for me ....
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
she stayed there and read again the note . The address was near to the big ben .
She turned her haid and saw him . " he was fowling me " , she thought"well , I should ask him what are he doing here " .
" What are you doing here " ask Alison . He looks her but with a bad smile , and turn his head .
Since this moment , they will have maturity and responsibility .
So , a lot of parents and students have the opportunity to travel for a year .
The consequences are n't good as the reasons , for instance , they may have the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travelling that they are too old to study in a uniersity .
Public transport is the backbone of a city .
Usually people use public transport to travel around the city .
If in a city people are using more public transport than their own private vehicle , then it will help to protect the environment and ease traffic as well .
The future of public transport will be measure on the basis of the advancement of the private vehicle .
Sometime people get offended because of the crowd and the inconvenience caused by some people while using public transport .
But the main concern will be technology .
A car is being made that is so Eco friendly and user - friendly that it is more
Many people said that , at school , all the students have to start a sport and frequent that one regularly .
It is not a good idea because some students have to study all the afternoon for other subjects and the free time is very scant .
AAs an example , if a student need to recuperate a subject or have to take a good mark , they ca n't go to do a sport because there is no time .
In contrast , do a sport is very important because we can make new friends or we can start to take responsibility , but the most important thing is that we are always active e our body can get good results .
To sum up , do sports is very important for teenagers , to which the body is going to grow and do it regularly is a commitment that we should take . in my opinion , however , do a sport mandatory is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm , not bothered or for obligation .
Dear Sir ,
I 'm writing in regard to the watch Fossil FS4735 , which is similar to FS4812 but with different colours .
Thank you in advice for your information .
Yours faithfully
However , they are not my friends .
First of all , I make my every effort to do my job better , however , they only consider that I waste my time doing the wrong thing .
I do everything , but nothing .
Finally , they totally do n't listen to what my point is .
They always look at me like I 'm a kid who never grow up .
It is ridiculous that my parents do n't believe in my ability .
I can not tolerate their pride and prejudice anymore .
In my opinion , to watch TV is actually helpful for learning new things .
There is one argument that shows , that the TV promotes us .
To sum up , TV viewing is not just entertaining at all ; It definitely is also educating .
Many people argue about the use of TV .
Some of them believe that it can only entertain us , while others do believe that it can also educate .
However , I think that TV can do both .
I bet if somebody wants to have some fun , he or she can just choose the right Chanel or movie , such as comedies , video gags or funny TV shows .
Meanwhile , if an individual wants to learn from TV .
TV provides lots of cognitive programs , like cooking , taking care of pets , how to eat as well .
For me , I do prefer reality shows that help people with how to deal with problems .
It was founded by a talented athlete in The UK in early 1900.The Sport was becoming very famous since first World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .
I have really enjoy watching and playing football since I was a kid .
Sometimes your happy and sometimes you are sad , nor you are success or you are failed , that is the wheel of the life we are taking .
Life is changing very fast as the days on the calendar is going by , the flow of life continuously revolving with the world every person have .
Everybody has the right one for a change , but it should be for the betterment and not for the worse .
With the simultaneous growing inventions of technologies , way of living go through with it .
A complicated ways from before , advance technologies made it easy and simple now , what else more could we expect next .
The digital age has been a big problem for the musical industry because the news technologies and the internet had helped more the musical piracy .
The people already do not buy a CD , they simply downloads it .
" Piracy is destroying the music industry " as it is a violation of copyright .
The singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy , now most of their income are the concerts and digital platform like Spotify .
I think that people should be more responsible and respect the work of others so that society evolves in a healthy way and without conflicts .
Today , many people , groups or social movements are disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture ; for example , the marriage or the age for married , the role of women in the family , the religions , the education and new ways of family and many values .
CHANGES IN COLOMBIAN CULTURE
it 's r is n't clear complety , but I sopuse it depends on chenging habit of life in the developing process of our sosiety .
At first and most important change is about eating prepared food that is n't healthy usually , its reason is probably woman 's life stile that is going to big change in the way that they do n't like staying at home and spend their time to making food , now they prefer to buy prepared good .
The other matter is about our habit to eating food together with our family , that were a custom in humanity life , not just in our culture , but now because of a hard and busy life , we had to eat our meal mostly days of a week .
But a good change of our habit is the attention to calery food and healthy food , because of get information on the internet and another media that are accessible way for all people easily these days .
Tottaly l think the changing is ignorable but we can control it to make our life better , specially about food , that is the most important aspect of ourlife but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
I am a programmer who wants to write about programming languages and skills .
The truth of the matter is I think I 'm full of ideas but , unfortunately , I ca n't describe my knowledge and experiences in English .
However , I can write these ideas in my own native language and that 's why I 'm thinking that one day I should be able to write those ideas in English as well .
Dear Sophie , I have just come back from a really exciting few days with my cousin .
On Thursday , we arrived at 12.15 .
On Friday , we went on an incredible sightseeing tour , but the guide told me not to take pictures because I had to buy them .
On Saturday night , we went to a formal restaurant to eat pasta .
Finally , we departed at 18.45 pm .
I think I will go back next year .
Michael , together with his two friends , Adam and John , decided to take a vacation at Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .
There are Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , shopping centre and , the most exciting thing is to buy chocolates .
He needs to follow his family to the town .
With all his hurt heart , he told his two friends about the matter .
They said , they had already planned everything and Michael had happily ruined the vacation .
They need to think again about the budget and all of the other stuff .
Michael can not stand anymore , he scolded his friends and saying something that anyone do not would want to hear .
His mother heard what had happened .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he forget what he had to do . After thinkig he rememebred that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her by his car as adoctor 's clinic was far away from her house . Peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street . After he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the front of the street . He apologized to her and asked her to come to the car , " never mind " she told and ride the car beside him .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother go above through the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic . After they arrived , they found that they have to stay aperiod of time to take his turn . They waited and then their turn came .they entered the doctor 's surgery and the doctor was very kind . He welcomed them and after check peter 's grandmother .
she was very fine .
There is a man who is the most important for one 's life .
I am not different from that.there is a back stairs influence in my life . He is none other but my father .
I respect him so much and admire him also .
He is my best friend who never hurts me .
His means of making a livelihood is the simplest .
He always honors the oldest and taught us of avoiding tells a lie.so As far as I remember , one day he was advising me when suddenly a old man entered the conversation and told a foolish speech .
Nevertheless , my father did n't tell him arrogantly but he made him know the right thing politely .
he is a fluent speaker .
Everyone make mistakes , No one can say I have not made any mistake in my life .
But is that a big problem in our life or a small problem , or it really does not matter ?
However , travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not such convenient as getting in a car , but you would never know what can happen with your car , where it will stuck in traffic or some of other accedient will happen .
Public transport has a timetable .
This fact gives the government such opportunity as manage the traffic on the roads , cities or towns streets .
We are getting nervous because we are responsible not only for our life but for other people 's , too .
And , also , we have to understand that use public transport is cheaper than use a car .
Why do we think that only convenience can be the main point of using a car ?
We can play music or talk about anything while we travel in the car .
Public transport is more boring .
If there is no Public transport in some area , then we need to hire a taxi .
So , If we have our own car , it is much easier than using public transport .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ?
Nice to receive your letter and learn that you will be in Hong Kong this summer .
Hong Kong is a wonderful place for shopping , eating and sight - seeing country .
You can taste sea - food in Sai Kung and Abeedeen .
I am sure that you will love this country !
If you want to find a job for only three months , I suggest you can teach English for a summer lesson .
In Hong Kong , most of student would like to take some courses in the Summer Holiday .
Write to me if you have fixed your itinerary , and looking forward to see you in Hong Kong .
Ta
But this time , it will be another story , because in order to save time and money , we are going to use our own car .
Let me explain my reasons , when you drive your car , you can take it from your garage or in the main door of your house and it gets you to whatever you want , but on the other hand , if you take public transport , it will be much more uncomfortable because you must catch the bus in the bus stop ... where is your nearest bus stop ?
What 's the time , then ?
Obviously , you are late to work , even if you have an appointment to make an interview for a job .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She read a note from her boyfriend , Tom .
She must go to a shopping centre because Tom is waiting for her in the shopping centre .
They go to see a new film about James Bond .
he must study in a different country and they had not see each other for months .
She can not wait to see Tom .
When she arrived at a shopping centre , Tom is already waiting .
They want to spend all evening together .
Symba is the main character .
He must began to be the king .
Then , Symba save to Pumba of a lion and this lion is Nala , who is an old friend of Symba .
They return and Symba gets to be the lion king .
I would recommend this film because it is funny , entertaining and you can learn principles .
My name is shousheng and I live in Montreal , Canada .
Alrough Canada is an English - speaking country , however in Montreal , the offical language is Freach .
So I do not have the opptunity to practical English , Because most of my colleagues speak French .
They speak French in the meeting , in the gearm , and in the shopping . centres
My favourite sport is running .
When I have a free time , I usually run , because I feel really relaxed after that .
I started this sport six years ago and I found myself .
When I stop doing it for a week , I feel that there is something missing and I 'm not in a good shape .
I advise everyone to start this sport .
But it 's very important for your health .
Running will help you burn calories and make you calm and relaxed .
My favourite sport is football .
I like football because it improves my basic skills and my mind does not take that much stress .
Football is really good because it is an active sport .
It is bewildering !
He plays for Chelsea .
That is all I can say . I love football very much .
yes , we can say that for car is much more convenient . but every person could not be afford a car .
even that price behind fuel for car .
that 's the first fact .
and the second one is that fashion or style of young people who do n't like more go somewhere using a car rather than a bike .
after that last point we can not go everywhere using a car we would like .
might be somany people are liking it because there are so many service with it .
but it does not means that public transport is not having a future .
that fact behind sense because the maintainance of public transport is not the responsiblity of the traveler .
if we want to count function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say . but public transport is a most need service in big city as well as small villeges .
It 's not so hard to find sights to see in such a big city like Moscow , but when you have a wide variety of museums , parks , clubs , you will try to visit only the best ones .
Let 's look at the most popular places where tourists prefer spending their free time in Moscow .
I 'm sure i 'll agree that the Red Square is the most popular sight in the captial of Russia .
That 's why I suggest starting the journey from this place .
You can get there by metro ( Teatralnaya Station ) .
From the Red Square , you can easily see the Moscow Kremlin , St. Basils Cathedral , the State Historical Museum and Gum Trading House .
If you are dying of hunger , you can have a quick snack at Teremok cafe or have a square meal at the restaurant # 57 , which is on the the third floor of the Gum .
I prefer spending my free time in the parks .
Gorky Park is my favorite place for my leisure time .
There are lots of facilities , such as sports centre , a ping pong club , a hire centre etc .
So , if you want to have a memorable holiday , the capital of Russia is the most attractive place .
My friend 's name is Kadir .
He is from Giresun .
He likes playing with his mobile phone , playing basketball and reading a book .
He is hobbies are listen to music , play computer game , watch the football match and watch TV .
I 'd like to talk about my past .
I 'm only fifteen years old , but I think I have a heavy past ..
First , I 've always lived in a kind of little flat which is a social logement .
We did n't have a lot of money , but I went to a private elementary school .
There were a lot of rich people , maybe we were about ten to one hundred not living in a house .
I remember two contrats moments : One day , we had to create a team to make an exercise which used the brain , they chose me .
That get to the second problem I had , and stay now : my weight .
They did n't choose me because of my weight .
I was too fat , too much fat .. I looked at my health booklet one month ago , and I saw that I have been overweight since I 'm four years old .
It is a language that many people speak and known .
Many people start learning English at school .
It is a difficult language , so , the best option is to go abroad .
In an English - speaking country , everyday you learn to live .
People speaking different but with a basic level , they understand English .
It is difficult to go to a place unknown with different people , but it is a good experience to learn .
I think if the whole world has only one language it would be better .
Everyone could speak and understand each other .
But this is not so , therefore , we must study very English .
Because of her suggestions , I learned how to control my temper while I was facing with failures and kept telling myself that it was n't a big shame because I had had tried my best .
Thus , I became more mature because I overcame those hard times .
sometimes , I feel tired of walking , especially in the sunny days with a high temperatures , but that ca n't let me stop doing this sport .
I want to give advice to people who love thing type of sport ; please do not let it go , and do it as often as you can , because it 's a benefit sport .
Hi , everyone .
its a good idea to improve my English writing .
I 'd like to speak about the education process in Egypt .
I have just graduated from the faculty of law " English division " from two years ago , with a very good grade .
The ordinary result of the big effort I had exerted in my university to have a good job in my specialization , like a lawyer .
But in Egypt no one takes his right . You should pay a lot of money to have a job or knowing someone who can use his authority to appoint you .
So , I intended to get a job in another state , like Dubai , I heard jobs there is very good and also the compensation . I have submit my CV in various jobs .
but what is the common reply ?
Finally , I see that I have very high marks in my education , but do I not have the ability to work in the real life because in Egypt there is the worst education .
Thanks .
1 ) I like helping people
2 ) Tom offered to go to the cinema .
4 ) Can we afford to purchase a car next year ?
6 ) The movie I watched made me cry .
Even if once a time , I want to focus on my work , they will create one or the other issue to distract me .
I will make my own path , though it will be difficult for me .
We generally use the word " stress " when we feel that everything seems to have become too much - we are overloaded and wonder whether we really can cope with the pressures placed upon us .
We can change everything that hurt us if we need to , if we have volition
The reasons for stress are more diverse ; perhaps because we have an exam period , family proplems or because we think in a negative way , or we have destroyed ourselves in long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfortable , and lots of reasons to stress ...
We must get out of the stress quickly before we lose ourself because it 's very hurtful period , for example , you can read a book , doing sport , play music , eating delicious food , remmeber all the positive thing was took place with you , talk about someone who you trust for him , take off every thing make you upset and make you life tiring , go out and eat a meal with your best joking friends , and there are a lot of things you have to do ...
Remmeber the stress is not a lasting thing , and you can avoid it .
Dear Sir
In my opinion , the main course needs a lack of improvement .
Firstly , I am a vegetarian and I do n't have much choice of vegetables .
Secondly , there are not much variety of the dessert , mainly fruits and puddings .
There is not much variety of healthy drinks , there are not much hot drinks as well .
Some people say that in my college are vegetarian , Muslim , vegan e.c.t and they do not have much variety of food to choose , from like halal meat and veg and nothing that comes from animals .
It is considered that you should change the type of food regularly .
You should also reduce the fast food , that make people obese and is not healthy .
It will be better if you gave drinks compared to the weather , like , whenever its winter , we would like a hot drink and , if it is summer , we would like a chilled drink .
I hope you consider this major problem in the cafe .
Thank you .
Yours faithfully
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
As requested , I 'm an English - speaking guy and currently looking for a job that does n't disrupt my studies at college .
For that reason , this job is perfectly suitable for me and , besides , it showed up as a good opportunity for me to improve my incoming helping me paying my bills .
The first time was in London , for 6 months , and most recently , in Berlin , for 8 months .
I actually loved it quite a lot , I just loved all the suspense and the parts where they leave you hanging , it 's just way too interesting , the movie is about the american government , who annually gives 12 hours where all crime , even murder , is legal , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join it , you can kill whoever you want .
At the first beginning , bank notes should be well - designed , considering the colour matching and artwork , including the issues about safety .
After designing them , metal plates are supposed to be prepared with the help of experienced machinists .
Ensuring there is colour on both sides , the image is increased gently by a certain type of ink .
Most importantly , before distribution , printed sheets with 50 bank notes per sheet have to be checked to see whether they are of perfect quality or not .
That 's how bank notes are produced from paper to the one we can use to purchase goods in our daily life .
Many people believe that nowdays there is no future in public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient , but others continue with the tought that they do help , for example , for travelling for long distance .
I believe both are useful .
Firstly , there is plenty of people who ca nt buy a car , and so , the only option they have is to travel by these modes of transports .
The ticket does nt cost to mutch and it is avaible for the majority of the people , at least comparing to buying a car .
When people are avaible to tavel to other continents or far away , they may need a plane , wicth is a form of public transport , to complete the journey because the have tu cross oceans and clomplicated distances that have different landforms .
However , a car is something witch is from the person and he can do wathever he wants and find it in the same way he or she left it in , and sometimes public sports are nt left in the best way .
But , by obseving all these people , you can rich yourself with the different cultures and manners the other have and incorporate new topics .
To conclude , we can establish a middle point .
That week I felt happy and relaxed , but I was a little bit sad when we returned in Italy .
Nowadays , my people have their own transport , for example , they have cars .
Without transport , people can not go back to work and do something else .
No need to pay a full amount , because they have many people who entered the bus .
Public transport helped us to know our country and improve ours body to move from one place to another .
For example , we should walk to go in a place , whereas a car can park in the place which we want to go .
It helps us in many difficult ways , if they have a problem , we can take a bus and go there .
It will be more appropriate for us .
Without it , many people will have many difficult to go somewhere or to return home .
The bus would not leave the passengers where they want to go , because they have to leave them off in the bus - stop .
Day by day , the country develop more and more , nowadays , they have trains .
Many people travel by train because they arrive more faster than the bus and are cheaper in a long run .
Are you fine ?
She went with me and we talk about everything !
She is a very interesting and wise person , but the best thing is her humor .
It is fantastic ! I ca n't wait .
Ola
And for this reason , I honestly think it will be the only means of transport in the future .
You also asked about the leisure activities in Spain .
Well , let me tell that there are lots of ways to have a good time there .
However , there are also an endless of leisure activities , such as going shopping or going to museums , to cinemas or to beautiful parks .
In my town people are very educated and very aware of the environment , they know very well that if we take care of the environment then it will be useful for us only , so they are always take care about the rubbishes and try to clean the village .
Whenever they are going to outside , they always keeping the plastic bag with them so whatever rubbish thing they will not thrown to the road or outside .
they always keep the rubbish and dust to plastic bag and then they throw it to dust bin
Because a majority of schools do n't have enough resources to pay for it .
It depends on five main steps , which include desigh , preparation of metal plates , printing , inspection , packaging and distraction or disposal depends on whether the fourth step is good or bad .
Secondly , we need preparation of metal plates that subsidiarize with skilled machinsts .
Eventually , the most essential part comes out , we need to significate the quality of the sheets .
If it 's good , they go to packing and distributin whereas the others shoulde be distroyed as well .
In conclusin , the whole part of process is an unreversed schedule .
It cosumemed the power which contained the humanity and machinic .
Nevertheless , in my opinion , the most precious of the revolution is the modern security measure through such a muti - developed society .
Secondly , printing -- including sheetsof bank notes , printed(50 bank notes per sheet).There are some requestion -- colour on both sides , special ink , images slightly raised images .
The most important step is inspection that the printed sheets should be manually inspected .
If partially damaged sheets exist , the bank notes should be separated into good and bad .
Nowadays , Cairo can be considered as one of the - if not the most - the dirtiest city in the world .
So , the ugly truth is , my country is n't clean and people do nothing towards rectifying this .
In this picture there is a man behind a counter in a shop .
There are lots of guns on the wall .
In the right - hand corner , there 's a sign which says that in this shop it 's not to been allowed to sell knives .
It is a fact that , on the one hand , you have the opportunity to buy dangerous weapons nowadays , but on the other hand , we are unable to manage this situation correctly .
It was late Summer in Africa .
Unfortunately , Max was not as excited as his family , he had never been really into animals .
" Max , wake up ! " his mom said .
Today , for some reason , he got this feeling that something interesting will happend .
He walked and walked , thinking about what could it be , until , after a long time walking , he realised he did not know where he was .
Max freeze . He did not know what to do .
Max , for some reason , stroked him and the lion smiled .
So Max walked into her , and said " here mom , do n't worry . lets go into the hotel . "
Max spend the rest of the day thinking in that lion until he got into his room."what an mazing day ! " ,
Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
I am your new student , Zhen Xuan Wang .
I come from Taoyuan Bade .
I like riding my bicycle in the streets .
The presidential election will begin in Taiwan next year .
I look forward to the result being released .
Best regards ,
your student , Zhen Xuan Wang .
Any one in the world has a future Goal .
I have no issue in reading , speaking or lesining .
I found your web site and this is my first try .
.
there are many differences between old computers and the new ones .
For example , new computersare smaller in size than the old computers , also they are faster and more efficient , they have better resolution and a bigger memory to save files an other staff like apps .
We have diversified harvest like in the rest of the world , not only in the houses but also in every public building .
For example , in our school there is the possibility to collect paper and plastic in different boxes .
In the last year , some political men have decided to put in order our city , so , for example , they put again to place the roads .
There are n't boxes for rubbish in every condominium , and we haven't the harvest of the dampness that is present in many other towns of Italy .
For example , when a man or a woman has ended to smoke , he / she throws the earth cigarette not in the right box .
I think it would be important that , not only in the family , but also in the school , we could be grow a new generaion sensible to the ecological problems of the earth .
In this way , we can have the possibility to change .
Hi .
Today a lot of people do sports , but all sports are not amused .
It 's great for me to write about the sport and health .
When I was a child , I ususally play with my friends of football .
This sport was very happier for me , but a day I broke my leg and then I never played more of football .
I have often finished up very tired because I never do sport .
Although I do jogging , I also do other sport , the swimming .
I go swimming at a public pool .
The public pool is near my house .
On the one hand , This sport is good for my health . I stay fit .
On the other hand , I have met a lot of people , and they are very friendly .
And finally , only I tell you that you should do some sport . It is good for us life .
See you .
Jerry read the email and decided to go to the shopping centre immediately .
He had another week to find a birthday present .
His uncle 's birthday was hounding him because he does n't know what he should buy for him .
As he thought as he done .
It was a great idea !
Off the top of his head , he had asked his nephew to go to the fishing together .
I do n't have a favorite sport .
I like football because it is a sport that I have practiced from small and I think that it is the team sport more fun and exciting .
I like skiing because it is a sport that I also did from small . I like large speeds and lower living at high altitudes and enjoying great landscapes .
I like to climb but it is a sport that I have just started ... but I want to keep practising it and keep learning new things .
The issue of taking care of the environment is very topical in the modern world .
The amount of garbage is encreasing at the same time with encreasing amount of humans .
This problems are topical in our city , Kyiv , to .
Nowadays , our local governmet is making some desisions for improving the situation .
It is going to build several modern combustion plants , and some programmes for discrete rubbish collection are implementnig .
There are a lot of citizens movement except oficial activities .
People orginise common action for cleaning nearhouse territories .
this days , the transportation has become so crawdad .we have a lot of cars in the streets .
we should put many cameras in the street to know how is caused of this accidents are caused .
if every body know that there are a punishment for what they do and no body can escape from what he did , I guess we will have a few of transportations accident .
Now I will talk about THE PROCESS OF MAKING BANK NOTES .
Then , the notes will be prepared with metal plates .After that , printing , the notes will be printred in colour on both sides with special ink and it will have images sightly raised .
A new pieces of bank notes is printed completely .
The rest of them will be disposaled of .
Dear Jo ,
I think that Cádiz is the perfect place to meet , because Cádiz has coast , sea , and mountais .
The people is very kind and funny , and it is a very cheap city .
In Cádiz , in summer , there are a lot of oportunitis to work .
Cádiz is a beautiful city and you would enjoy it a lot of if you worked here .
Cádiz has got a lot of amazing beaches .
Almost , you are a great athlete , so , You could teach surfing , football or other sports .
I hope I helped you .
Another reason why I like it is because it is a team sport so you can learn and evolve with them .
I really think that everyone should try it because it is fun and healthy .
Dear Mr. Yoyada
I order 2 NVIDIA GTX 1080 , but until now I do n't have my order in my hand .
If until 17 March my order has not come yet , I will cancel my order and I want a 100% refund for my money .
I think you should be more on time or you will get a bad rating from your costumer .
Thanks for all and I want my money back if I do not yet get my cpu .
I hope I will get me order and I hope you eill be more on time for the costumer order shipping .
Thank you
Nowadays , people are getting more independent , and more than this problem , society now needs to show the other this independence and control of their own lives , which includes cars , houses and materials .
Another advantage of travelling by car is that you do n't have to spend time waiting for your other transport , as also as you can avoid the confusion of people that are in the subway stations every morning to get in the line if you want to arrive at work in time .
I think you must go to a large school in the town because here you can have more friends and you can do a lot of other things that you can not do in the countryside .
I really want to go to a big school in the town , because here in the countryside , I can not go out with my friends or go shopping with them .
You can go to the shopping mall , to the halfpipes , to the skateparks and you can do a lot of other cool things with your friends , but in the countryside no .
But you must go to the school that you want , this is just my advice , ok ?
I really want that you to be happy with your new life .
A big kiss and a big hug
Anna
I think that the family and friends are the most important people in our lives because if you have some problems they are always here and they try to help you .
It is not important if these people are friends or family , they can change our lives for better or worst , it depend on you to choose the best thing that it can help you .
We have so many advantages that make our lives easier .
Even the way of studying has changed .
Studying using a computer offers you the possibility to be more relaxed when you do it .
In this way , you can , maybe , read aloud .
If I were a student that usually studies in a library , I would definitely try to study on a computer .
In this way , I would n't waste a lot of time .
If somebody says that there is no future for public transport , i mind immediately . today there are too many vehicles in our streets .
people is thinking about a comfortable life instead of the environment and cost saving .
Hi , Shannon :
About my town in the future .
It will be very different .
Also , the humans ca n't go to the Street all day , only for a few hours , for the hot climate .
What do you think about this ?
Take care ,
Conchi .
Thionk about a family 's routine .
Every morning they take breakfast together , speaking about things that are not too important .
Yes , you can share my contacts .
Watching to our national teams games , I got to the conclusion that we have no need to check our heart condition .
The Brazil and Nederlands games were a real test for our health .
What do you think ?
I appreciate your support .
Kind Regards .
According to the reality , a lot of young people are n't very communicated in their life .
They think their life is so boring and also very mad .
But I think different .
For example , in your childhood you are much more happiest than your Parents because their job is not very easy .
Most teenagers ca n't understand that , and they think that the job of their parents is not difficult .
Firstly , young people usually calm down trough the music , for example classic music .
But most of young society are not interested in this type of music .
for instance , they prefer Pop or also rock music .
Through you listen the music , you can expressed your emotions and this is the most beautiful thing .
That make their happy and additionally make loud .
Usually , the watch criminal series because it 's very interesting and really mysterious .
Teenagers have different styles .
A lot of young mans love wearing jeans and a t - shirt .
Because it 's very comfortable .
But girls love wearing skirt and snug shirt .
Across style , we can express our emotions and feelings .
In conclusion , the life of young people is not very easy .
We have a lot of unhappy days and we have a lot of problems too .
hi , my name is Adrian . i am 17 years old and i am a footballer . I was born too be a footballer .
I was even better than the older children . Everyone was telling me too go to a team .
but i dident had too do anything , a team took on me when i was 11 years old .
The name of the team was Katsa .
I played so good that everyone gave me congratulations . but that s not all . One of the best team of the world wanted too take me on .
I was very happy and , of course , i agreed .
Already , for only 20 years , a lot of thing because of the technology .
And I think that iy 's not a technology that will change , but the people and their caracteres themselves .
Unfortunaly , for this generation , there wo n't be a real relationship , all relation will become a virtual relationship .
The good news is the average of people who can take advantage of the technology can economise a lot of time because they might have a sophisticate robot that can help at home .
According to my experience , if we do n't exagerate the way we use technologie like the internet , phone , satellite .
It will be the good thing that we can spend our time for a good thing .
In some people 's lives , the most important thing is to wear fashionable clothes .
On the other hand , the personality is more important and determinative than an expensive dress , it is a fact .
Basically , we 've land , water and air transport for reliable purpose .
So , it would be better to go for any other alternative of green technology for future purpose to make this world a better place .
Yesterday , I had a wonderful day .In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training session with a coach of Spanish selection , when I finished I went to my parents to a hotel to eat and stay with some friends , after the food . we meet with friend 's of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode to a rollers coaster , it was very exciting , and we ate a chocolate ice cream , it was delicious .At night we went to a match of Spanish basketball league , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid , and that match won the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .
This is my wonderful day .
when I find me in London , I 'm going to the buckingham palace located in the city of westminster and I 'll see your art gallery and tourist attraction of the British monarchy .
continue in London , I will visit to the largest parks in London , the hyde park that having a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for the perservation thereof park .
follow in London I 'll go for a walk to arrive at the big ben that is the most beautiful bullding in all its splendour , when I will take pictures .
later , I 'll take the underground of London that is a public fast transit system , I 'm trawiling in it .
when I 'll leave of the underground in the station wembley park I will going to the wembley stadium where I will enjoy an evening of football , the match started at 8:00pm .
My favorite band is " cbjr " ; , its a brazillian band , the type of music is rock and rap , yours music are very easy to single .
I really like , in the moments when I am listernning turn up the radio , but the singles are died .
Generally speaking , it has been suggested that mixed - sex education will improve to the degree of learning system at schools .
However , I strongly believe that the measurement of education level does not explicitly interest with sex differences in the classes , but also it is related to the quality of education level in the schools .
Education has a crucial part in one society and it 's future and by improving the level of the educations system , students can learn more effectively in their entire education life and their career , but also their skills will be improved by this process .
Nowadays , unfortunately , students can not take enough education from their schools whereas in some poor countries .
On the other hand , by building a more effective learning system which will be provided by local authority , students will be encouraged them learn more efficient .
Lack of teaching way , poor audience of the class , insufficient quantity of learning materials , for instance , all of these matters should be enhanced until the good quality has been set up in the system .
Besides , by putting these kinds of procedures , students will also gain more respect towards their career and their job .
Hopefully , they will reach not only earn more money in their entire life , but also , society will have a more development shape in any other developed counties .
It is true that coeducation can motive the student while they work with other sex group students , we ought to also bear in mind , this is not the only solution to get the best result .
In a nutshell , based on the above - mentioned point such as , quality of the educations system not only interests with mix - education but also it will need some good solutions in some subjects that were mentioned .
I like my family and my friends .
For that , it is a pleasure to speak about them !
She has been an important person to me since my 8 years .
Since this time , we have stayed very linked until now .
She knows all about me .
When I became , first a teenager and after an adult , I knew the majority of my friends , a good friends .
More recently , I can not forgot my husband and my daughter .
In fact , I feel they are the most important people in my life !
Hello Stefan !
Well , I 'm writing to tell you that this summer I 'm going to the UK , and I 'd like to hang out with you for some time !
Hope to see you soon
Love ,
Rosa
Our world is very polluted by public transport so we think about what will happen in the future .Public transport causes many problems in our environment , such as , difficult reaching to the nearest destination , the pollution , and causing diseases .
We must think of alternative solutions for this problem .
Hence , if everyone has a private car he can go to his work on time .
Nowadays , there are some vehicles that run with electricity.we can decrease pollution by using electricity .
Hence , this will help people to be in a good health .
Finally , we hope for a healthy future for our new generations . We want to reach our destination on time and live in safe life without diseases and pollution .
my favourite sport is volleyball.i play it since 2006.my best position is number 2.i used to play it in the faculty of engineering selection.it makes me fit and long .
Further to the trade fair of the last week , where we were a pleasure to meet you and we were talking about you courses .
I am looking for an organizational development course .
Could I have in me contact with any of your customer for more information ?
I am available to talk with you on Monday in the morning .
I am looking forward your to confirmation .
My favourite sport :
When I was a child , about four or five years old , my father teaches me what was football , and I loved it , but , I really liked the goalkeepers , why I like football since my childhood .
I enjoy football because it is a form to forget problems and enjoy yourself a bit , because when you are playing football , you are n't thinking about other stuff , you only are concentrate at the game .
Football is a sport where anything can happen , no always win the best teams and it is unpredictable , there is n't a dream team .
And if you do n't like do sport , you can watch the matches of the teams around the world .
Today , it 's smaller , faster and cheaper than before .
Not only do children have one , grandparents have one either .
And one consequence of this is that they have health problems .
This is so sad !
In the future , it will probably we can to do almost everything using a mobile , but we might pay attention in how this affects our life .
The pie charts illustrate the amount of household earnings allocation within regular families in two different years ( 2000 and 2010 ) .
overall , in both years , the amount of earnings allocation was predominantly from Housing then followed by food / clothes .
Regarding the pie charts , there were significantly increased in the number of earnings allocation for Housing and Food / Clothes from about 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 , respectively .
Furthermore , there was a slight decrease in Vacations / leisure allocation from 25% in 2000 to around 10% in 2010 .
Secondly , people do n't like the old buses in the city centre .
Consequently , people prefer to move in your own car .
In my opinion , the public transport can have a future if all we collaborate us to improve it .
Unless we do so , I believe there is no future for the public transport .
The reasons for this are as follows .
Thus , people view that children learn foreign language at primary school are worse than children who learn one later .
Nonetheless , I would contend that learning foreign languages at primary school brings countless benefits to children .
Not only is there less study burden when compare by secondary school , but they are able communicating with foreigners as well as extend their societal network during that period and in the later life .
Rather than concern about the challenges , children would confront with them , it is particularly advantaged for them to grasp foreign language during the elementary school .
By way of conclusion , I once again reaffirm my position that the advantages of learning foreign language at primary school is much outweigh than the drawbacks .
Given that these children would have a better development in the future , as well as more free time .
one day he got fight with her sister , even he made her cry.both of them stop talking to each other and , after some day the boy need laptop of her sister sukh .
sukh was so angry with him because he heart her a lot , sukh refuse to give him her laptop and her brother start again fighting with her and even he slapped her sister .
In my opinion , people 's lives will change dramatically in 50 years or so , because the world is changing all the time , and we have a lot of technology and things to do .
People change their way of thinking and try to do new things .
What is more , they do not do the same things as their parents did .
The Number 's room was 666 .
She was sitting on the chair .
When she saw him , she smiled .
Then she started talking : " Welcome , pretty boy , I am waiting for you , please sit down " .
He took a chair , staring at her with rage . "
As you well know , rose 's life is in your hands " she said , and keep talking:" ... You are the only one , that can save her life , but before , that you must comply with your promise"."I Know it " , he replied with a sad tone .
Micheal did not know what to think .
He loved rose with his entire soul , a soul that he is losting .
I do not care he thought , maybe I lost my soul , but now she is alive .
After that , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
on the last vacation , I went to France , to Paris , with my colleague Sebastian for 2 weeks .
On the first day in France , we bought a French croissant for breakfast .
Then we went to the stadium Parc des Princes , where we could not reach ,
By accident , we ran into a good fairy who , with the young learned to all the language in the world and thus led us to our stadium .
We made friends with this fairy . After one entire day walking with her , it feel like you we knew each other a lifetime .
After the first week in France , we found that in Paris there is a large crowd .
We chose this city because of no input into the sea and it was filmed taxi in which he played a famous actor .
After spending two weeks with a fairy in France , we had to go back to school and the fairy to do .
End .
Dear José ,
How are things ? I have finished my exam yet . I came back to Linares two days ago .
When do you return ?
I took bad diet . You might come with me !
How are you eating ?
Today I will speak with me manager . I will intent drive less and I go to places for mysheft .
I will buy a bicycle .
My mum says that I do n't eat fruits or vegetables never , so I will eat more fruits or vegetables .
In my opinion , the Diet of Gym is very bored .
Do you know a new recet for cooking chicken ?
Do you remember Peter ?
He is very muscular now .
He told me to play sports every day .
One day , I will be like him .
We will meet soon , man .
Take care !
Fran .
Last year I was in London with my friends , Elena , Amélie and Ariana .
A hour later , we went to the London Eye .
It is really very very big .
It is a very big city .
The clock is very big and we stood there a long time .
London is a very exciting city .
Speaking about reading .
Reading is one of the most important habits .
I wish I could spread the idea of reading among young people .
Reading is a must for having a great nation .
letter written to report , about the awful environment situation in my city !
Kiev , Ukraine .
we already did a lot , but we still to do more needed .
first of all , rubbish factories should be sent behind the city .
people who drop litter on the streets its one of the biggest problems .
So my proposition is to post some informative letters and posters around the city , and give bigger punishment for littering!Also , from the government side to increase the number of trash bins and facility staff members .
compilation of wedding arrangements and bouquets
People used to use public transport a lot .
Public transport is very inconvenient .
Gas prices have come down a lot .
People can afford cars easily .
Some people live very far from the bus stop .
They have to walk a long distance to get to the bus stop .
Buses are very crowded .
Buses take a very long route .
It takes you a very long time to get to your destination .
If you have a car you can get to your destination in a short time .
There are many places where you can throw away your rubbish .
The centre of our town , where the supermarket is , does also have a site for dumping your rubbish .
In the supermarket , you can find a container for batteries .
In my opinion , this gives a good example of the involness of the local government .
This happens weekly .
They walk around in all the streets and pick up all the dumped material .
This makes our neighbourhood a pleasant place to be .
So this helps ensure that the children could play in a much cleaner park .
Roughly speaking , there are three causes of pressure .
First of all , the biggest problem is studying .
It is not easy to adapt to a new learning environment , the language is the biggest difficulty .
Students have to do assignments with another language and use a different thinking manner .
The second problem could be from peers ' stresses .
Students want to make new local friends , but cultural customs and taboos could be a problem to be noticed and adapt to .
Lastly , the problem is from students themselves .
Students have to confront and get over every challenge .
As family and friends do not accompany them , students must do a lot , from basic living to future studies .
It is hard to live overseas alone , Therefore , making friends from the same country means that they can assist one another .
Besides , attempting open mind .
To get along with international friends is a great way to expand your horizon .
About me !
Hey , my name is Mathias .
I was born in Danderyds hospital but lived in Stockholm , when I was four , I moved to Danderyd .
I have a big brother , he 's 14 and goes on friberga as well . His name is Ulric and he 's in 8f2 .
I also like to play video games . I play with my friends , my favourite games is FIFA , NHL , GTAV and some other .
I have lived in stockholm , and in two houses in Danderyd , but no more places .
I do n't know which is the best plays I have been in but New York was cool , but I actually like Fårö most . It is an island next to gotland and I have been going there since I was 0 years .
We always goes to the beach , which is very nice , and when it 's sunny and warm it is better than the Mediterranean .
I do n't know what I 'm proud of , but when I do a nice goal , i gets proud because it 's feel good , especially when it 's an important goal that maybe will change the game .
I would like to be the best football player in the world , a Youtuber , or take over a big company .
It is often hard to go up in the morning , I always think just one more minute and then I fall asleep .
I asked my parents and they said ambitious , curious and considerate .
I do n't know what I like people to know about me .
That I have been dancing for two years , but I stopped because I did n't had time .
I would like to play a World Cup game and I also want to win the champions league .
I do n't have a favourite movie , I like many but the movies I like the most is funny and action adventure .
I like a lot of songs , but I think it 's Let 's Do It Again with J Boog because I like the singer 's voice , it 's a soft song and it 's easy to sing to .
I also like Stolen Dance with Milky Chance because it 's a soft song .
I do n't only like soft music , I also like pop music and house music .
I like to watch South Park . It 's really funny and I have almost seen every 17 seasons . I also like to watch youtube videos every day .
I like a lot of food , but the most meat food is good and pizza .
My favourite memories must be every summer on Fårö .
To : Tourist Office
From : ELiza Anna
Subject : Shopping facilities
Report on the shopping facilities in Katowice
Introduction
Souvenirs
It seems that there is not many places in the city center where you can find souvenirs like postcards or books about the history of Katowice .
They provide all sorts of funny local gadgets .
Fashion
My favorite sport is football .
I enjoy it because it 's well known and easy to find partners to play with .
Watching football is also a wonderful experience .
Also , joining a team will be a great idea .
The environment is an important part of our life , contributing in a positive way in our part of life without even concern about important parts for us to survive .
Humans can easily damage the environment just by throw their waste away without recycling or ruin the places where animals are living .
Without forest , there ca n't be animals , and the human being can disappear .
Some people do n't even care and just the do n't to earn money deforests the trees and sell them to do furniture .
I notice that , in supermarkets , they are using so much plastic just to cover a small thing or are using many plastic bags without even think about how vulnerable this is for the environment .
I used to live for a short time in a place where the word " recycle " was completely ignored , but they used to do this because that was n't so rich .
Where I live now , I have noticed that we have the opportunity to recycling the waste because it is a posh area .
In my opinion , I think the government should take care of all area , even is a poor or rich area .
Some people from the area which I live they used to feed the birds , but others they do n't even care .
To keep all of the nature alive , we must contribute everyone of us for future generation .
Travelling by car is more comfortable than public transport , easier and faster .
you must not wait for your car , but you must wait for the public transport .
He has a strong voice . that , with his appearance , looks him impressive .
Concerning his personality , he is very friendly , generous , optimistic , playful and sensitive .
So , he is a hard warking , he is a lawyer and always help me with all my professional problemns .
every evening , he takes the bike and rides across some paths for more than forty kilometers by day , so he is a very good rider and its quite strong to ride with him .
To conclude , I want to say that I 'm the godfather of his eldest son .
She is in her 30s .
She is tall , Slim and straight .
In addition to that , She has a pretty face , dark skin , black eyes and long brown hair .
She is very kind , sensitive and quiet . She also has an attractive personality and a big heart , but she is very nervous .
I like to go out with her , walking and talking .
They like to take pattern modeled on older people , who are popular on the Internet .
Teenagers are interested in music too .
They like to exchange their opinions about new star .
People who are in fan clubs are interested in touring with their idols .
In this age , people like being better than their friends and they like to distinguish oneself .
Hi , my name is John Keats and I 'm aged 21 .
I am writing to apply for your job you offer .
I usually work in the kitchens , so it does not bother me .
Moreover , I am willing to help organize sports or evening activities .
Moreover , I do like looking after children .
For instance , I take care of my nephews once a month because nowadays my brother is often busy .
Therefore , I think that I am the suitable person for the job .
l love the place , and the nice decoration of the restaurant .
my family ordered the dinner , but l ordered specially pizza and coke because l love pizza .
we ate the food and enjoyed it a lot .
This report is about how my city takes care of the environment .
The evolution of my city is more or less similar to the evolution of my country .
When I was a child , my city was dirty because people were throwing their rubbish on the floor .
However , a few years ago , the government has paid more attention to the environment to our country ; for example , they made a lot of advertisement on televion , in newspapers and on the internet to explain that the rubbish is not good for our world .
Nowadays , we can see in all the street a lot of bins and it is difficult to see rubbish on the floor because many people are cleaning the city .
Also , children must clean their school once a month .
These types of actions produce good habits in our society .
In the future , we must do an effort to improve our environment because we will want to give the same world or , if it is possible , a better world than before to our sons .
Cars are much more convenient , but this does not mean that all other means of transportation are not important .
sometimes many people want to travel faraway along distances , so they need planes .
Many countries like to travel by bikes in order to decrease the pollution which happened by car exhausted.to my point of view , i prefer travelling by cars which is more comfortable .
Now in every country we have a lot of transportation means as planes , trains , undergrounds , cars , ships , and rockets .
public transportation is the mean reason to delivery people everywhere in a small time . in the past , the had to use camels to travel , which waste lot of time and caused tiredness .
Today our life is running by clock .
we may be late getting to our office / working place .
Everybody thinking like the public transport is not comfort for us , but environmentally , the public transport is suitable to decrease the pollution and our energy sources are also decrease .
In Lublin there is a beautiful castle .
It is my favourite place in Lublin .
It is located next to the Old Town .
It was built in the twelfth century .
At the castle there is the Holy Trinty Chapel .
It was built as a foundation of King Casimir the Great .
This is one of the most valuable monuments in Poland .
There is a tower by the castle in the Roman style .
It was a part of the borough of castellan .
The castle also has a courtyard .
Now on the castle there is a museum .
This museum has a monuments of the superiority .
In my opinion , it 's the one of the most fascinating place in Poland and the most wonderful site in Lublin . I think that everyone should visit this castle .
The restaurant that I will talk is Woody Pool .
Woody Pool is in Spain .
This restaurant will be an amazing place to the call meet there because , like I said before , the atmosphere and food are amazing .
If in a city there were only cars , the city would n't afford enough parking lots and roads , all the cars would jam the city , and people would n't get to their destinations .
On the other hand , cars need more gasoline than buses , which let out CO2 and other kinds of waste gases into the air , leading to the serious air pollution .
Public transport will have a bright future ; on the contrary , travelling by car will vanish from our life .
My favorite way of travelling is by Train .
The plane is most fastest in another way to travel .
However , the plane is the most dangerous way to travel .
However , boat is the most slowest way to travel .
So , train is an intermidiate way to tarvel .
My favourite sport is boxing .
Because I like boxing .
Then I started to go with my friends .
I started leading trener in the competition and I love this sport .
My favourite boxer is Floyd Mayweather .
I think is better the idea that the people to use public transportation instead of using private cars or motorcycles .
Accordingly , people do not have to spend lots of money on the gas that they have to fill the tank with .
Therefore , these are the reasons why I agree with the form to lower the congestion and air pollution by encourage people to use less private cars and turn to use more public transportation and other forms for transportation .
It was a cold day at night when I was at home watching my favourite programme on my telly , called " dare to win " , I was with my brother , when we decided to call , The programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answer in correct time , and there is a different things for the winner .
A few minutes later , we were listening to ourselves in the programme , we were so nervous , but it was exciting for us , our goal in the programme was to get a free ticket for the most popular electronic party in the world .
Despite our nervous , we did it well ! and our dream come true , yeah , we 'll be glowing in the dark !
Funding for the English Language Club
As the secretary of the English Language club , I am writing you this proposal to persuade you as to why it would benefit both the students , and the college if we would receive funding from you .
Dear sir or madam ,
Many people say that there is no future for public transport as cars are now so much cheaper and easier to buy .
Additionally , because public transport is expensive and does not have a comprehensive coverage of most cities , private cars are more attractive for most poeple .
Dear Bob .
Actually , I am very happy to tell you that we have a lot of new stores , including an apple 's store .
However , from now one we can buying what we really need , on the other hand , this shopping centre may help a lot of people get back to working again .
A few weeks ago I went into the apple 's store , so that I bought a new mobile phone , it is awesome because it has reliable tools which allows me doing my daily working .
It is true that when travel to a nearby place from your city , it is more comfortable getting there by car , and the ease of have your car to get wherever you want without spending money and time paying cabs .
But , the public transportation have a lot of future bacase a lot of reassons , first , the time , if the place you want to reach finally is really far , the different type of vehicles of public transportation will get you there faster than your car , also , the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe , there is no highway that cross the ocean . You need an airplane and , unless you have one , you will can not reach travel between continents with your car , a different reasson is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska , you will not need to pass through Canada , the commodity is a really important reasson , because drive for 8 hours is exhausting and it will be unsafe also , the economics is a factor to , because the attrition of your car it will be more that in the normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do , it will be more expensive that in public transportation .
In conclusion , for me , it is a lie that the public transportation has no future , however , they have to make improvements to this , like the use of better ways of fuel or energy , one way is using renovable sources of energy , such as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hidraulic(water),Also , there are biodisel , and gasoline extracted from seaweed .
Saying that , my family is the best and they love me very much .
I have a father , a mother and a brother .
I live with my parents in Lagartera and I am very happy as they help me .
They are wonderful because they are always there when I need them .
Nowadays , It is possible to find any kind of Tvs programmes you want and , yes , I consider that there is very much sport on television , but , not too much .
When somedoby to get at home , he wants only to relax in front of the Television .
In this view , I consider , that though , there is lots of sports on Televison , they are not too much , because the people have looke for it .
Last summer , we went to Córdoba to attend a very important dance competition ...
We left from our city on Monday , and we arrived in Carlos Paz on Thursday .
We stayed in one of the most beautiful hotels in that place , with a nice view and with nice people around .
The album American Beauty/ American psycho is the sixth album released this year by the well - known American rock band Fall out boy , that has a huge followers in several countries .
The album , with eleven tracks that reach top one , won a gold and silver certifications for the best - selling in diverse countries , such as the USA , Canada and the UK .
This American band is known for their lyrics that hold something different from other the bands , something close to a emocional statement .
I really recommend this album because of the lyrics and the sound , because it catch you , almost like a great poetry .
I agree with the statement that people 's live will change dramatically in the next years , for previsible reasons that I will explain in the following text .
New technology has improve systems in many areas of society , mainly in Information Systems .
The Information trhough of the Internet , had beem each day more quickly and it is reaching all parts of the world .
Furthermore , the things and process is in evolution .
Life of people is turning easiest and more comfortable .
Although , the advancement of technology , besides than bring advantages for everyone , it 's also will cause disadvantages , such as unemployment , because machines will make the same work or work better than humans .
I 'm a cheerfully , diligently and organized person .
Also , the last summers helped me to be preparing on more things that the children demand children .
For an example , I learned about the organization , how to control big groups of children , and entertaining activities for children .
Nowadays , the cost to buy a car that can take the whole family is not expensive anymore .
The car is not an expensive thing to have anymore .
As we know , the privilege of having a travel by car is more convenient than by public transport .
If there was someone who asked me " What is your favorite sport ? and why are you enjoy it ? " I would tell them that my favorite sport is soccer and it could let me know how important the team work is and I could always feel that there was a kind of power , like someone putting me into the water from the high place , to push me running and kicking the ball .
I will suggest to people who want to starting this sport , first you must find five to six friends to make a team , and then look for other friends to make another team , so that you can fight with each other to get the highest score .
second , all you have to do is warm up your body , if you do n't warm it up before the race , you might hurt yourself .
Third , all you can do is play for fun with your friends .
Public transport , our cars or natural transport such as a bike .
No one can deny the importance of travelling .
Without travelling , people would be very bored , life would be very monotunes .
So , in the future we will dispense of types of transportation .
Cars are very easy to use .
So we should know the right way to drive .
We should be careful when we drive .
We have searched to find the model of the 300 kw turbine on Zafrana and we did n't find the 300 Kw turbine in zafrana .
We searched for and found the 300 kw turbine is installed on Ras Ghareb on the Red Sea not on Zafrana and Its model is Nordtank NTK 300 .
They had no chose , because life was difficult , and they had no money .
There were not any company cars.but now most people have cars .
There are a few people who are using puplic transport , like students and someone had low income.in my veiw , i can say might be the puplictransport going to e close because nobody is going to beclose
We visited many cities , like Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and Trapani , and we saw a lot of monuments of Greek history .
We stayed in three different hotels and , one day , we went also to the sea in Giardini Naxos .
The best thing I saw was the Valley of the temples , because there were a lot of ancient temples and monuments and ruines and they were really beautifuland also , the panorama was amazing !
Nowadays , a very popular topic among teenagers is the existence of cosmic creatures .
To be honest , I do n't believe in Ufo .
on the world there have been recorded a lot of cases where the ufo was seen .
in addition , more and more scientists agree with alien really exist .
I am a person that like going to do exercise , for this reason , I like practise some sports , but the truth is that my favorite sport all around the world is the soccer .
I believe that play soccer is an excellent activity , because in every game that the people can like , there always has to exist some rules .
He is an important person because he is a president of the government in Spain .
He is very ambitious and polite .
He has been done several laws again Spanish citiziens .
When Aznar was president of the government before he , he was like a minister .
I have played this sport for twelve years ago . This sport has taught me to respect the other and not assault to him.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is that I do n't want to be weak . I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule : the strong dominated the weak.when I put my feet in the gym , i forget everything : shcool , home ... therefore I enjoy it .
I ca n't imagine my life without taekwondo . It is in my blood , my soul.taekwondo it is not a violent sport as many people say , but what you have to know is what is in the brain and the heart of players .
I just get the 1st degree international black belt and I would like to tell to anyone he just starting this sport to use your abilities and skills for the right things .
A story
One day , my old brother went to a park where we often go to play tennis , he saw a boy who held a red hat cried on the branch , not knowing what to do , he stranded behind a big tree and looked at the boy .
A few minutes ago , some boy who looks like elderly than my old brother closed to the poor little boy , the little boy stopped cried , he looked on some boy , my My brother felt afraid because they look like rube , but but he still wanted to help the little boy .
Suddenly , a rube boy grabbed the little boy 's clothes , the little boy was cried out loudly , my brother was outrege , ran to the rube boy and attached him .
The little boy more and more sadly , tears rolled down from his eyes , my brother pity him , he gave the little boy his smartphone and open a good music , the little boy stopped to cried and started to smiled .
In the evening , the little boy 's mother took him home , he told his mother that what happens today , his mother smiled to my brother , and took the little boy gone , my brother smiled and went home .
It was a sunny day . Like every day , Sara woke up and had a breakfast with her children , then she went to her job .
When she had arrived at her office she had a phone call from the hospital .
They told her that her brother had had a car accident . First of all , she was shocked ,
Then she went quickly to the train station and she bought a ticket to London . When she was in the train , she had other phone cell .
They told her that she has to bring $ 100,000 so they can do the surgery to her brother .
The woman 's name was Sara .
in a car accident , when she her what had happened with her brother , she was so nervous . Then the miracle happened . She found a big suitcase in the train she decided to open the bag because no one was in the train . So she opened the bag and she was surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
After that , she went to the hospital
and paid the money for her brother 's surgery .
The surgery was successful .
Chichen - Itza is one of the seven wonders of the world .
It is located in Yucatan , Mexico .
The Kukulkan tower is the must important part of this place .
There are other areas like " El juego de pelota " , this means the Ball Game , there is also a very important " Cenote " where they used to sacrificed pretty young girls to their goods .
The past has already happened , we can not change it .
But the present we live it , we live in the moment and benefit from it at the maximum .
If you ask someone about the future , the answers will be different , but all will be around two main topics , Those last are either optimist the about future or pessimist one .
No because I am a pessimist but due to several factors and condition . Allow me to divulgue my opinion .
Firstly , we are living in an unstable world .
But from life 's experiences we can learn that the hidden target of human beings is not to help each other to lessen the burden of life .
To illustrate .
Who classified those countries like this ?
whare are the critria of this ranking ? and ...
These questions and a lot of queries of many people looking for a convenient answer .
Hence , The above indicates details support the idea that there will be a change in people 's lives but in a negative side .
In addition , A general vision on the human innovation show that the majority of people 's creations have a bad effect , this effect exist even in people 's lives or in themselves .
And unfortunately , this bad impact exist almost in all lives filed .
For example .
Chemical drugs can help peolple to heal and improve from diseases , but they have another hidden effect .
This effect always leaves people suffering later , after the usage .
To summarize , People 's life knows a fast change and development , but generally , this evolution affecting people .
We should live in a stabele and peaceful world .
We must stop all wars , conflict , and impose human beings principls and values .
The restaurant I 'm going to review is called Tintos y Rubias and is located in downtown Montevideo .
The restaurant has a rustic design and it has outdoor tables .
The service provided by the restaurant is exceptional . For example , the waiting time is very short .
In terms of food quality , the level is extraordinary , they are well known for their roast meat .
There will be a future for public transport .
Petrol will run out in a few years .
We can produce electricity by creating wind wheels and water wheels .
Public transport is going to be used more than ever .
There wo n't be enough space on the roads for cars one day .
Some people prefer this " gap year " theory , while others seem to prefer disagree .
Dear teacher ,
I am sure that there is a good future for it .
Thus , people could spend their free time travelling and having a good time .
although traveling by car is really interesting , but still using public transport has its advantages , by using public transport you 're saving effort . When driving a car for along distance , you will get tired , . Some people do n't have enough money to buy their own car .
Maybe you just think it 's fun but it 's been a good cause for your cat because of you 're joking .
I hope you will decide to cats do not let it hurt in future .
Furthermore , you abuse of the cat has violated not only the ethics but also the law .
I hope you can take down the photos of being abused the cat and you can really reflect . Do n't repeat the same mistakes .
So if you decided to keep the cat must be the best , you can spend more time with the cat .
At any time to pay attention to whether the cat has not been sick .
In the holiday you can go for a walk with a cat .
It is not a difficult to do the thing .
As long as you are determined , you will be able to become a good master .
After the preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , it takes sheets of bank notes .There are three requirements fot it : colour on both sides , special ink and images that are slighty raised .
The most important step is Inspection : printed sheets are manually inspected .
if you apply a for job like this you must be the person who already been applied this job USA SUMMER CAMPS
Because , I really love to work with people all of ages , and I would like to appreciate have this post and I 'm an energetic and hardworking person .
Therefore , to look after children aged 8 - 12 years old is n't an easy task , but as a father or parent you must always given them good care in terms of your responsibilities .
Working in the kitchens means to do all about i.e cleaning and washing the floors .
These aspects or advantages are all that I can say about this topic .
My name is Anna , I am a very cheerful person and I have a creative personality , so I enjoy planning activities or organise sport events in a special and colorful way .
Motorola It was the first doing something to a mobile phone . It was on 3 April 1973 and the first to do so was an employee of Martin Cooper .
Cooper made mobile phone history in April 1973 when he made the first ever call on a handheld mobile phone .
After that , with the new technology they could invent new and better dispositives for the needs of users
" taken from https://www.uswitch.com/mobiles/guides/history-of-mobile-phones/ "
Dear diary
I walked out to the kitchen and saw my mother cooking breakfast for me .
They usaly do n't wan to be with me , bit today we played all day long .
When we arrived , there were a lot of Matias'friends in our house listening to loudly music , playing games and drinking .
We told them that they had to leave our house immediately .
He told us that he was really embarrassed about what had happened and he apologysed for her attitude .
do you have a best friend in your life ?
A friend is people who will be there in your hard time and happy time , and a friend is always encourage you in all the things you choose in your life .
A friend is also be there when you are sad and in worse time . there is not ex'friend so respect your friend and they will more respect to you .
Secondly , the student who have a good body shape can easily to make new friends , and joining a sports team allows students to maintain a good body shape .
According , the boy or girl , have strong muscles can let them look more attractive .
Therefore , the student joining a sport team can maintain a good body shape and it will let student become easier to make new friends .
Peter looked at his watch and knew he had to do something immediately .
But you do n't care about it .
Peter has been thinking about this secret party for months , since the time he knew his mother was healed .
He was taking care of her , so that he was prevented from going to university .
Despite his strange behaviour , Peter 's mum did n't expect it at all .
It is said to happen once in a life .
Maybe he did n't notice it at all , but it was a farewell .
Now Peter could fly on his own .
The environment is the combination of the air , earth , water and forest and all these things are interlinked with each other .
Lets talk about one of them , that is ' cleanliness ' . Nowadays , we all know that we are spreading the garbage near our houses and offices .
This may be due to people are not being aware about consequences of this bad habit- spreading the rubbish .
For example , they collect plastic waste in a yellow dustbin , while , liquid and solid , degradable waste goes in a red container .
This makes it easy and convenient to identify the waste types .
To conclude , I would like to say that , nowadays , people are becoming more aware and conscious towards environment through education .
Today in my class there was a discussion on television and education .
Today , there are many children that have the dipendence on television , they prefer to stay at home to watch the various child tv programs , while once our parents preferred hang out with your friends .
I am concerned about pollution .
This issue has became a big problem to solve .
In order to help reduce contamination I take acction from the three " R".reduce , reuse and recycle , as so I am more and more ecofriendly .
I reduce the use of innecesary power at home , in other words , I turn on a light that I need for the while i use it;I take less warm shower ; I hit only the neccesary rooms .
In order to reuse , I convert all thing reusable , for example , a plastic bottle as a plant pot ; a glass bottle as a food container;I bring my reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a shopping plastic if a salemen offer me one to bring .
Today , we have more item to recycle as long as we clean them properly and put them in a proper bin , which will be use it by specialized factory in another item .
As long as i try to keep doing thing on a ecofriendly way , i realize that i am give a little from my side and i feel I am careful of my environment .
I am going to Spain to visit my grandparents .Then I am going to Paris to look forward my aunt .
Next I am going to Italy to see the PAPA.If you want I am going to Barcelona and I would like to go with you .
See you soon ! !
In my opinion , it is a good idea about you spend some time travelling , because you will have an opportunity to think about your future , but in my city , because of the crisis , there is very little work for everyone .
Although now that the holidays are coming , you need people to help and ride the amusement park or work the lights of the fair .
If you come to Linares , you could amuse you and if you come forward to work you can do it .
You have to come here because Holy Week in Linares is nice and the show is spectacular and if you want to have fun and I like the bulls .
I hope to see you soon
Sonia
Hi Sara ,
It was great to hear from you .
It 's a very difficult decision for me too .
On the one hand , you need a sport to keep fit .
Well , I think you should n't give up either .
So , you can do both .
Lots of love
Fira
I agree with this affirmation because the public transport is more expensive than a car , is slow and is less economic .
every time the car is more utilized and more economic .
in my opinion , the car is more advantageous than the car and the car is more useful .
To my mind , this mind not right .
First of all , travelling by car is very expensive .
For example , travelling by train is cheaper and travelling by plain is faser .
Secondly , it 's not comfortable.becouse you every day drives instead of relaxing and enjoy the enviroment
Using public transport has certain advantages and also , disadvantages .
On the other hand , it helps to reduce the polution made by cars , ..
Besides , it will be always useful for people who ca n't drive .
Many people admit that if they could buy a car , they would do it .
There includes some of the most important steps .
Design is the first and the most important process .
It is the first step that costs troublesome , some . Some things must be included in the considerations , such as background colour , artwork , security issues .
Then , preparation of the mental plates and skilled machinists are the needments .
Printing is the next step , .Usually , sheets of bank notes are printed , because there are some special require for the printing , solour of both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
If the print sheets has good quality , they will packing and distribution.some partially damaged sheets will be cut into separate or packede or dispatched .The bad sheets will disposal , the destroyed will be secure .
My favorite sport is swimming .
I like swimming because I feel a good sensation and my health is good .
Actually I not practice because I am not have time , But a feel miss !
I every feel very well after come back from the gym .
Often I go to the gym with my friend , Vanessa ,
But when she ca n't go , I go Alone .
I always go !
My cough is very friendly and help me .
You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs .There are a lot of channels in many roles , for instance , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on .The television is not only for entertainment , but also for education .The television can entertain you through it 's entertained channels , and the television can educate you through it 's educational channels .
However , I have no agree with this statement , because the public transport is needed for someone who are no have vehicle or during economic downturn .
Public transport is cheap and friendly for the environment .
They can use the money in a more useful or meaningful way , such as for investment in property .
The fare of public transport is less than own vehicle when you compared fare of bus to fulfill whole tank of oil .
Secondly , air pollution is a serious problem nowadays .
Because of everybody has to leave for another place through their own car and carbon dioxide is released from the car .
The public transport is a way to reduce the air pollution , because it can carry more than a dozen times the people in a time and reduce the number of people travelling in their own vehicle .
So , it can also help to reduce the traffic jam problem .
Lastly , public transport that are always blamed by the people that are slowly and more trouble than using their own vehicle .
Although the public transport is slow , but it also do not take a long time of people to reach their destination , because public transport nowadays are developed more fast and enough .
In conclusion , public transport is needed for everybody in a necessary time .
Nowadays , the space needed for countries enlarges , instead of which , the area for farmland , forests and wetland is getting smaller .
The food for them and their living space might not be enough .
On the other hand , the expansion of a city increase pollution of all kinds of garbage . The air pollution is much more serious now , and watching the blue sky is almost impossible in some big cities .
In conclusion , the large - scale building projects take the living resource from animals , increase the possibility of getting cancer , and so on .
Only if the government develop more technical property , pay , pay more attention to the environment protection , such as build more trees and grass in the cities , and set a special low for those missed animals will we help decrease the harm that the building project brings to us .
If they are your best fiends , they will guide you and help you to be to be the best of you , they wo n't hurt you or turn their back on you .
But on the other hand , you maybe punished or they may yell at you when you do something wrong .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to apply for a job for a summer camp .
To introduce my skills , I passed all my exams in English at school and I can speak English well .
I also have experience with teenagers through my sisters and I will look after them as I take care of my sisters .
Additionally , I am a hard worker and an active person .
Regarding the work conditions , thank you for providing meals and accommodation and I am willing to take the costs of the flight .
Jenny Wang
First of all , I wanted to say sorry about a boring life .
Sometimes I felt lonely , that I meant .
You knew everything about my health . I 've never hidden this information from you .
From the first time , I said about that to you I had a problem with my health , but you answered : it does not matter .
Hello Lara .
I am 24 years old . I am frome Lviv Ukraine .
I have got 1 brother , Petr .
I am a PhD student in university .
Evgeni .
Washing you enjoy it .
There are shops , restaurants and cinemas in these plazas , including some well - known brands .
You may be energetic or crazy by these charming shops where you are walking around .
If you feel like to eat something , there is a lot of well - known restaurants , and they have different country meals .
You can choose the taste you like .
There 's a bank in each plaza .
You can see all the streets are adorned by lighting .
This is one of the sort of the best quality here .
You might have a walk around after supper .
my father 's name is Zaheer arat.he is very loving and caring.they gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of these things.he provides all the facilities to us , of internet and books , so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination.he always encouraged us and said do n't be afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else.my brothers and me proud of my father.he is very hard - working and brave.he has the smiley face.he always tries to laugh other people with their jokes.he always listens to us what we want.he never ever ignore us .
Dear friend ,
I am so happy you have finally decided to visit my country .
Listen , do I will tell you about getting to my apartment .
But if you came flying early in the morning , the most convenient and fast transport is taxi , that does n't cost expensive to my house .
In the spring there is mild weather , approximately 20 - 25 degrees .
So you can bring light and waterproof clothes .
I hope you 'll enjoy my country .
Give my love to your family .
Please write to me a line soon .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you in April !
All the best
Mari
Hello Sam .
A fervenza do pedregal ' is located in my town , Tomiño , in Spain .
You can only arrive at ' A Fervenza ' by walking or riding a bike , but it is impossible to get there by any other ways .
Greetings , Xabier Morales .
Do you mean surname ?
Yes .
My surname is Baek .
Are you married ?
No . I 'm single .
My favourite sport is volleyball .
I say to people that want to tay this sport that it ' s easy if you love it .
You are at an advantage if you start when you are young .
In Italy , volleyball is very common , specially in my region .
If you try this sport in the wrong way you can have health problem , for example , you can have problems at hands , at the neek and at legs .
Hi Lara ,
Do you like it ?
I 'm an only child and I 'm studying Marketing in the morning and working in the evening in a mall .
Jose
Hello , my name is Sophie Nielsen . I was born in 2002 in Sweden and I am still living here .
I have got one sister that named Ingrid and she is 8 years old .
On my spare time , I like to hang out with friends and play soccer .
I also do home work but it 's not something i do because I like it .
I would like to eliminate that I do n't read so much , because it 's easier to learn things if you read .
1 .
funny
2 . kind
3 . awesome
I think people will be surprised to know that I was born in 2002 and not 2001 , but I was born the on first of October , so it 's not so much difference .
My favorite song is " All about that bass " with Meghan Trainor , because the song makes me feel good and happy .
My favorite movie is " The fault in our stars " , because it 's very good and I really like the characters and the story .
Two months waiting for an answer was too much time .
it was a cold night when her boyfriend asked her to get marriedn him .
INTRODUCTION
The purpose of this report is that make people would become more aware of the significance of taking care of the environment in order to erradicate this issue which is having serious consequence nowadays .
Acid rains or global warming are issues which have been brought about by the careless people .
ADVANTAGES
By the one hand , if we avoid being the pollution in ours cities , we could have a lifestyle more healthier than in the past .
On the other hand , we help to improve and clear up the environment if we throw away the rubbish in the green points of the town .
MEASURES IN FAVOUR OF TAKING CARE OF THE ENVIRONMENT
This project is focused on separating the rubbish in each green points of the city and also they have to maintain their neighbourhood as clear as are possible .
CONCLUSION
The main reason for this is , provided that we bear in our minds that we must collaborate with all arounds , we will maintain the world on our hands .
Dear USA Summer camp
I reply to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps , have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience , worked at a school in north Africa like a volunteer and learnt a lot about children , think that i 'm a suitable person for the job because I use to be an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , I love working with children and I like organising several types of activities , I 'm not very good at cooking , but i can learn very fast .
I think that I can do a fantastic job .
I would be grateful if you could send me further details about this job .
María del Mar
To combat the distriction of the enviornment , this is a serious problem throughout the world .
There are denying that the environment are changed by the behavior of people and animals .
Another factor is that the animals are not control themmselves to eat the plaints lend to the distriction of the ecosystem .
Nowadays , the transportation has become more prefect , and the people'life become more convenient .
It would really be helpful if the government make tighter resrictions , in today 's world , there are lots of constrication companies and factories are not admission , they are destroyed the forest , farmland and wetland , charging waster water and emitting greenhouse gas , it lead to a serious enviorment problem .
So the government should oversee this companies , and if companies do not obey the rules or laws , it will be fined and closed down .
Second , the government should publicize the awareness of protection
Taking the train is more cost effective than taking a car to work , as petrol is costly and the new transportation office has reduced the cost of tickets to assist with the daily living expesnes we encounter .
The other benefit if taking public transport is less people are taking cars , reducing the amount of toxic gases released into the environemnt .
Abortion is an immoral act that people make as everyone has a chance to survive and nobody has the right to decide for anyone 's life .
In my opinion , I believe the public transport will have a big role in the future due several reasons :
1- Inflation in the population , the roads will not be able to bear or endure huge numbers of cars .
3- In the future , people will concern more about energy , so transport will be more useful .
4- Transport will be more economical from independent cars .
5- Many people ca n't drive , like children and old people .
Cause all these reasons , I believe the transport will have a big future .
From 1st Qtr to 2nd Qtr the sales increased by $ 100 .
Then , from 2nd Qtr to 3rd Qtr the sales increased by $ 250 .
From 1st Qtr to 4th Qtr the sales increased by $ 350 .
karate is one of the best sports i have ever enjoyed in my life .One of the reasons behind my passion for karate is that it 's a means of tamming the mind and the body .
I have learned to get control of myself when someone teaes me , and to be alert as well .Also , it helps me to look always slim and put me away from the ghost of obesity as well .People who want to start playing karate have to be patient .
My favorite sport are football , baskeball , Formula One and Tennis .
I started to play football when I had four years old .
My favourite team is Real Madrid and my favourite player is Cristiano Ronaldo .
His best friends in the team are Sergio Ramos Marcelo and Pepe .
Basketball is my second favourite sport .
I played tennis with my brother , but he always won .
I played tennis with my brother , but he always won .
That is one of my favorite sports .
Hi Elena
How is it going ?
Thank you for your letter !
My congratulations .
I got your beautiful postcard and your invite .
I 'm very pleased to accept your invite .
Bye , Sandra
i would like to play football because it 's a too much exciting game . in proportion to length it takes only 90 minutes . whenever i got the opportunity , i played football .
Driving a car while listening to music is much more fun for most of people , so maybe that 's why mostly love to drive rather than taking public transport .
In contrary some guys hate getting caught in a traffic jam , so they prefer public transport;some other reasons may be rising gas price , car crashes or hating driving !
As a result , I thought both driving and public transport have their roles and we need to take each one in the right situation .
I prefer to travel by train .
For example , in our country , " Shinkansen " which measns burrett train , is famous and very fast .
" Blue train " , which has many beds in train and we can sleep comfortabully in train .
Thus , not only to ride but also to watch train is very interesting for me .
Recently , although there are many LCC careers we can choice , it is still expensive to travel by plane .
TTravelling by train is cheep and getting a chicket is easy for us in our country .
Compared to the plane , the train is relatively safe because it can move only on the land .
Hello Julia ,
How are you ?
I went to the cinema to watch a comedy with my friends yesterday , but I did n't like it because it was so boring .
See you soon .
Erica
Our earth is getting sick as days go by .
For example , air , water and land pollution .
We should start , little by little , to help it .
Plastics are non - biodegradable materials which degrade after 1000 years .
Non - biodegradable plastics could actually piles up in the landfill and cause the land use in our earth to be occupied .
Hence , we should bring our own recycle bag or basket every time we go for shopping and resist the temptation to get plastic from them .
If the distance to the destination is short , we could replace driving by walking or cycling .
That 's the descent way in reducing the adverse environmental impact and we are able to protect our Earth .
Since GM crops technology started to be implemented it have implied in favourable socioeconomic changes .
This technique makes the weed control easier , resulting in cost savings and yield gains , so that increase global production of crops such as corn , cotton , canola and soybeans .
he said kindly:"I buy you a present , open it , Tom " .
Tom opened the big bag , Oh!This is a big surprise , there was a football in it , which he had always wanted to buy .
there were some words : goal!keep doing ! keep looking!said her mom , Look !
there was also a cup in it , It said"don't give up on your dream , keep doing!go!we stand by you!come on "
My name is Anna , i am one of many new students at Ton Duv Thang university .
I 'm nineteen years old and from this city but i living at a domitory at Ton Duc Thang university .
It has 58 students : 18 boys and 40 girls .
I enjoys reading book , cooking , playing with my dog and singing .
Moreover , i 'm loves music , i 'm often listen to pop music , R and B , and a little Rap .
My favorite singer is Adam Livece .
These days people care about privacy and hence a personal car not only provides privacy but also convenience .
Hence , the new luxury cars are getting cheaper and more powerful .
So the need for bus has become unnecessary and our own cars are simply time - consuming .
Everyone has a car .
Students have started to use their own cars rather than the bus .
My favourite sport is cricket .
Its very interesting sport .
Cricket brings a passion on me . Whenever and wherever its possible , I find out a way to start the game .
I also watch cricket patiently .
Its known as the gentleman 's game .
The best part of this game is batting . Whether someone knows how or not , he first prefer to bat .
Batting has its own cherish .
So , so I also prefer to bat and hitting hard rather than bowling .
In India , cricket is worshipped and players are the lord .
I was very interested in making my career through this , but due to my studies , I ca n't take effort toward this goal .
So , if are going to play this sport , do notice that there are some rules and be sure that you have all the safety stuffs with you . Please do n't forget to take pleasure of batting first .
I hope you are going to play the best game on your part .
Next Monday , I am going to India .
I love India so much .
Indian people make an amazing food , but it 's so spicy .Indian people dance in an amazing way .
India is the seventh biggest country in the world by area .
In India , it rains from June to September .
I am going to visit Delhi and Tajmahal .
Hi Paul !
Will you help me ?
What is your favourite food ?
I hope to hear from you soon .
Regards ,
Kate
More and more gadgets are invented , such as televisions , smartphones and so on .
There are lots of pros if we watch the television properly .
It is a good time to turn to the entertaining program , when we feel bored and gaze at the wall all the day .
Discovery channel is posture - oriented model example to educate .
We . We can learn how do the different animals feed on themselves .
Above the statements can ensure a rich and abundant live .
I think that we will order all we need on the internet .
It wo n't be a post office because we can send any thing by the Internet .All jobs will be on the Internet .
Every person will have a plane .
We will go to any place by plane .
We will have a robot servant .
There will not be any poor people in the streets .
I hope that in the future we will live peacefully and happily .
Hi , I am Amy . I would like to spend two months studying in English , two months doing volunteering in a children 's charity and the least two months travelling in the UK.What do you think of my plan?I will not only improve my English skills but also devote myself to get along with children .
The most important of all , I will take an adventure to the unknown place in the UK.I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
As long as you can go with me , just let me know .
My favourite sport is running .
I enjoy running , fresh air , warm sun and slight wind .
When I am running , all the preesure I undertook has gone .
I bought shoes , clothes and a GPS watch , I told myself : now it is a challenge , I must defeat myself .The first day is so painful , I was tired to die when I just ran nearly 3 km , but things becomes better and better , and now I could run 10 km .
If you want to start running , firstly , you need a comfortable shoes and clothes , and secondly , to make a plan , like how long should I run today , remember , appropriate rest is necessary .
First I will ask a question to you . If this is your own house , which you buy it with a lot of money and will you broke it with no reason ?
We have Eather first , than people , thanour house .
Just for mony for more house but if we destroy it , we will all die . Our money will be gone , our house will be gone , we will have nothing .
Beside some people destroy farland to build houses , but if one day there is no farmland , than what should we eat?Nothing at that time . We can eat nothing!So what should we do ?
The forest brings us fresh air , bu8 t if there is no trees , what will happen ?
If we ca n't breave we will die , too !
So my idea is that aii the coutries allthe people stop to use farmland , forest andwetlang to build houses , grow more trees , portect our world , our homestar !
First , the lecturer talks about " Saran " , that propose a challange to prove that the Turing 's test was not conclusive , and than he create a paradox .
He selected people to go into in a chinese room , there was a computer in the chinese language with diferente symbols , the american was a diferente behavior , they did not understand what was in the computer screen .
This was different from the original test mention on the text , that all the participants were american and native speakers from that language , it was really easy to understand what was in the computer screen .
Second , the text support that the computers were evaluated by the own people that submited the test .
Not everyone can buy a car .
For many , there are other important expenses that need to be covered .
I agree , for many people , travelling by car is much more convenient , however , in my opinion , there is still a long future for public transport .
Dear Ronnie
My grandmother is going to visit me in July , so I would prefer to suit you in August .
My smaller sister wants to go to the beach , so that if she is not a problem , she could come with us .
I think it is more fun to sleep together in your apartment . We could tell terror stories to each other at night , before sleep .
Maybe my sister could sleep in the studio .
I really like spend time on the beach , but there are a lot of time , so we could go to the swimming - pool if your parents say yes .
Too , we could go to the bar to drink some juice or to go to eat an ice - cream .
Do not forget to write soon .
Science , I just remember I have always liked a car race , but one of my frevourite is a Formula 1 .
I like cars , and I like high speed , that is why I love a Formula 1 races .
The Formula 1 seson starts at erly spring and ends with a late autumn .
I try to watch every race every fournight and the training a day before the race .
If sameone like cars , then they should go to Formula 1 race to hear the bolid engine sound , I think that is the best voice which I have ever heard in my life .
Formula 1 it is also a dangerous sport , the driver are exposed to the risk of accident at high speed .
I wish Good lack to all Formula 1 driver !
Michael is one of the most important economist in the world , he wrote a lot of book about the economy and finance in the USA and Europe .
He has decided to do a short essay about capital market abuse , whereby he considered to travel to Italy and pick up some financial data from the Italian central bank .
The key idea of this essay is the following : Italy in the time of Berlusconi was almost entered bankruptcy however Michael is trying to avoid the Italian economy condition simply because he likes Berlusconi too much .
he received a lot of critics simply because many economists and econometricians in the world do not trust the source that he was used in his essay moreover they thought that he received money from the Italian government .
After two years that his essay was released , he will understand that his essay was wrong . Moreover , Michael will want to apologise to many people who read his essay , thereby Michael now goes home , takes a cup of tea , and goes to bed . thus Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
One day , a man and his wife were trying to found a place that was shallow and without pollution for cultivate , they were poor ; they do n't have the necessary sources , but the husband work so hard because his wife had had an accident . It occurred one day that his wife was working in a campaign of conservation of animal in endangered , she went to a place in search of animals , she heard a sound in a dark place of the jungle , so she went to investigated what was that , a creature that have never been seen attack she , her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy , the wife of the man , in the floor , they ask she if she is ok but he do n't answered so her partner toke it to the doctor , there the doctor said that she was ok but he will never hear again or only if she paid 1 , 000 dollar for a operation .
The son of Lucy and her husband one day he went to caved holes in the dirt for make a game , he make five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewelry that had been generations of gods . So he started throwing that for play , one time that he take the jewelry , it consume the mind of the little guy and that cause that the jewelry liberated some sounds that only giants can hear , so a mountain stand up that was the face of a giant and he perceive negative waves so he kill the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .
It depends how the presenter delivers the topic .
I have learned a lot from television .
There are excellent examples of good quality television on the BBC .
What 's more , there are countries around the world that lack teachers to go to remote areas to teach , that rely on television to teach .
Mistake ! !
Like every one , I was a normal person learning & improving day by day , little by little , from mistakes .
Firstly , how can the college save energy ?
In order to reduce energy consumption , we should be made so that , as much as possible , lectures takes place in the day time .
Secondly , what sort of things can we recycle in the college ?
It would be a good idea to recycle paper , glass , metal and plastic .
In order to improve the sorting , there should be a litter bins for each of the mentioned substances in classrooms , corridors and outside .
Yours sincerely
Zivile Jureviciute
firstly , for people who prefer youth culture , I recommend Hongdae .
Hongdae is most appropriate to feel a free and vibrant local area in seoul .
there are a lot of club , pub and bar , cafe , and karaoke , bars and it has more facilities which you will be able to enjoy .
At the late night in Hongdae , lots of people drink with their friends and walk around on the street with in a drunken condition themselves .
So you need to be careful of that kind of people .
and then , let me tell you about another place , ' Duksu palace '
The palace is in the middle of the city , therefore , you may feel the different mood between the 19 century and this day .
And also , there is a gift shop and a cafe .
I hope to enjoy your trip in Seoul till you left our contury .
MATHIAS :
Hello , how are you ?
England do n't have enithing . You are the worst and more horrible country in the universe .
In conclusion , before I read the article I have never realized the importance of using drama in an English class .
For sure , I will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives to students the opportunity of not just learn something in the classroom , more than that , it is the opportunity that they use their knowledge in the pedagogical and social life .
With reference to the recent advertisement about ' USA CAMPAMENT SUMMER ' , I would like to express my interest in the position for the job in the campament .
I am a hardworking person and a fun girl .
I know how to cook delicious meals .
I have lived since two years in England and I speak English .
Recently , I had worked babysitting since one year in a school .
I felt very happy with this job .
I think so I am the suitable candidate for this job , because I like the children and I have experience of babaysitting also I work very well at making the food .
I will wait a for phone call from you to discuss the possibility of arranging an interview .
The Wheel .
I choose the wheel because it is the most useful invention ever because , thanks to it , the human works make easier , by example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today . The wheel was invented at a relatively late point of human history , he oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
In China , the wheel was certainly present in 1200 BC , for earlier Chinese wheeled vehicles , 2000 BC .
The wheel was found in a settlement built on stilts over wetland , indicating that the settlement had some sort of link to dry land .
( Taken from http://www.ancient-origins.net/ancient-technology/revolutionary-invention-wheel-001713 )
You can think , ' why is this ? '
In the school , I study German and I like the language .
I think it is a strong language , maybe a bit hard to hear , but beautiful at the end .
My teacher told me some things about the country .
Added to what I know , that make it attractive .
The History .
From Teutonic mythology to Hitler and the Second War World .
It 's an amazing history with lots of heroes and cries .
Family plays an important role in our lives .
But friends maybe in the future go away or hurt you!So you ca n't always based on them!For example , they need you until they find someone better than you and , in the end , they go away .
However , the family is near you since the day you were born until forever .
The members follow you , and you can based on them . You can tell whatever you want to them .
For example , if you are in a bad mood , the first person that will come next to you , to make you smile is your mom or dad .
In conclusion , Members of your family play an important role in your life !
In the last years , was improved the public transport system .
In the last edition of Pur Plus , occurred an important discussion about the next plan of cities .
It was presented by a politician , an economist and two envirementalists .
These people , those who live in a city , do not take her own car or do have not one .
So , there will follow problems because of these habits .
This makes me ponder , weather is a future of the old public transport system or whether we should make a new system .
One argument of these topic , is that more and more people live in cities .
There are going to following some problems .
The car sharing system is n't common .
So there will following more traffic jams , if we do not change our habits .
So we need a new system .
So , we will stop the jam and so the problems of environmental .
But we should not forget , that these options do not alloy the environment .
Introduction
Teens should not drink under the legal drinking age because the teen could get into trouble with the law , the teen could cause harm to themselves and others and can have a higher risk of alcohol dependancy later in there lives .
transport at Sudan is so expensive . We suffer from the less and expensive transport here .
there are many kind of transport , such as buses , train and small cars called amgad an also taxi
This is an interested question becaus I beleive that my family is my best friends , but at the same time , they are not my friends .
THis is important , because it is important to have somebody to rely of .
But my family is not my best friends , because you chose you friends , but you do not chosen you family .
After all , family and friends are important .
Generally , it can be seen that the city became more modern in 2010 than it had been before .
first of all , in 1995 , shipsmouth was a green residential city with two forests .
I start this sport since I was 10 years old.where my father was playing this sport also , but he started it when he was more greater than me , He was about 30 years old.where squash is one of the games that can be played in any age , I love this game because I find it making exercise to all the body in the same time , we are running in a small place , moving our hands in stretched and different ways , and in the same time you are working your mind in the same time , so it need caring and quik thinkink , as much any as exercise you will find down the road .
I think that any one who wants to start a doing sport can play squach , which gives a you stretched and healthy body , in the same time , this sport can be played for a long time of period without caring about the age .
squash sport also can be played individually , as two players together , or in a team of 4 players.squash is one of the very nice attractive sports .
SWIMMING . THE BEST SPORT IN THE WORLD
The swimming is my favorite sport because , in this sport , I train all my body , is very relaxing and is the best sport in the world .
My favorite swimmer is Michael Phelps because He was the best swimmer in the world , and I hope that He returns to the olyimpic games at Rio de Janeiro in 2016 .
I want to compete in the United States in the most important tournament , in this competition participate the best swimmers of the world .
Some swimmers are Michael Phelps , Ryan Lochte , Peter Van de Hoogenband and others .
Nowadays , it is easier to use the car instead of public transport .
Exept for in the big cities , the public transport is not an easy way to move trohout the city , that means that in the future even more people will stop using it .
In the first step , the bank notes should be desinged concidering some constructions , like , like background color , artwork and security issues , After it was prepared , skilled machinists would make preparaation of metal plates in the second step .
And then , some sheets and good bank notes from damaged sheets which would be cut into individual bank notes and separated into equal ones andpacked and depatched to where they are demanded .
Another ones , which were bad sheets and bad bank notes , from damaged apparently , would be destroyed securely .
You can play it with your friends and have a good time .
The most healthy sports are swimming , playing basketball , playing football or running , but I prefer to play tennis .
I play it three times a week ( on Tuesdays , Thursdays and Saturdays ) in the club of tui .
I enjoy playing tennis because it is a sport that requires skills , concentration and speed .
I am not very good at all , but I like to play it with my friends and do matches on Saturdays .
For new tennis players , I recommend to know how to hold the racket , the position to hit the ball and how to put your feet .
They will have to concentrate on the game and enjoy it .
For instance Christiano Ronaldo .
For him , as one of the top sheld payed Players of the european leagues , it is no big deal to buy a Mercedes Benz .
He is arrogant .
He is not chasing after the ball , is not fighting enough to Keep it . In the case he would really Need the Money , he would behave totally different .
But consider the reaction of the fans .
For them it is not possible anymore to rule for their Teams at any home game .
As a result of These Action , it is an uncertain way to go for the Clubs .
The aim is to find a balanced way .
Business in My Home Country
For example , the restaurant business and the technology industry is totally different in Taiwan .
In these 10 years , the Taiwanese have become to enjoy our life , so many people like to drink coffee or have an afternoon tea .
That is why many business men want to win in this competition , so they have created so many bargain activities , like if you check into places , you will buy one get one free .
Apparently , the restaurant business is creative and marketing - orientation in Taiwan .
Although they produce high quality products , they receive a little money and have high - pressure in work .
So , htc became more energetic and bold in making innovation .
Finally , Taiwan is still suffers an economic slump , but we have so many businesses that likes to innovate , market their product , and customers likes to buy it .
One evening , it was a blistering hot day that I still should attended , one of my friends ' , a wedding ceremony .
I was dressed in a nice suit , going to this party .
There were so many people talking to each other .
I did n't want to chat with them at first .
I glanced at the groom jealously .
How lucky he could marry her .
It was ridiculous that I did n't have a girlfriend .
However , I still did n't have a girlfriend .
I was overwhelmed with grief .
I could not stand looking at them , celebrating .
I fell asleep immediately .
I 'm Patricia Agüero , I have seen the advertisement for work in your cafe and I 'm very interested , because I need work to pay for my study .
First , I think that this job is perfect for me because I have travelled around the world and I know a lot of different kinds of food , in fact , in my last trip to Japan I learned to cook shushi .
In addition , I love dealing with people , I 'm very sociable .
On the other hand I 'm used to work long hours . As a matter of fact , in the holidays I had worked in many restaurants .
Best wishes
Patricia
one day , Micheal wanted to go out from his home so he called his besfriend an suggested to go out togther , his friend agreed , so Michael weared his closes , wnet out and closed the door , but at this moment he knew he had made a mistake .
hw went to his father 's in the company and get the another copy of the house key .
when he get back to the home , it was late and the metting was canceled .
It is very true .
There is no future for public transport .
But not so many people have a driver 's license .
They have to use public transport .
I know that I am a suitable person for this job , and I can say that nobody is better than me for this incredible job , because I have been travelled for all the world and in this experience , I have seen in the necesity on work to fiance my journey , so the I have dedicated myself to work on summer camps , and I have a lot of experience in this .
I have other qualities like , cooking like a super chef or even better than that , I am the person more organizated in this country , and I love to work with children because it is a form to teach everything you know to other people and help them to improve like person .
so in conclusion , I think that if you contract you , you will get an axcellent people and an excellent worker .
In my opinion , the public trasnport is more expensive and it is less comfortable that the car , because the car is faster that the public transport .
The public transport do stop more time that the car , whereas this transport go direct to its destination .
Today , the people use the application " blah blah car " .
I believe that the people in a future they will begin to travelling shared car more time and they will use less the public transport , as the train , the bus , the underground , etc .
The problem that I saw with this , It is that in the future there will be more pollution , because there will be many cars .
Positiv things about the online lernign are dat you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do nt have to carry so much paper with you , also your on your own and in your own lerning speed , what makes it more spesific on the user it selfs . maybe your more confortable on your Smartphone then with papers .
Negaticvs about the online lerning are dat your not listening to much from ea real person and more from a Computer , if you do nt have any listening things in the app you do nt lern how to pronounce the words . in my personal obinionits better to lern froma teacher not only dat you lern to pronounce the words correctly , but you also lern from a personwhat is , in my opinion , way better . I thin k we spend enougth time on smart phones so i do nt think its the best if we use them to lern as well .
For words , i think its perfect , but all the grammer and talking , i think you need a teacher .
The show seems difficult , the characters always have to face the situations which is uneasy to solve , but practically , this show is a soap opera in a hospital .
Today 's television is really good .
The advertisements are a bit tricky because they know exactly when children watch , for example , sfter School .
And then they just show products specially for children .
So , at a Special time there is a special advertisement for this age group .
But it also shows the new products .
Exept some good movies , they also show a lot of rubbish .
Or sometimes you see during the day horror movies which should not be on .
Of course , you can make a child lock on the TV , but when you look hard enough for some you will find any .
Every day they show the news .
So you know what is going on in the world .
I think they show it four times a day .
I would say if you know how and when to use a TV , it is good , but specially for young people who think it is a good entertainment to watch the whole day .
In the same way , Australians have a different attitude about their education system .
However , the attitude of the Colombian and Australian people is different in many ways .
In Colombian some people have a high attitude about education , but there are some others that have a very low attitude .
This is because in Colombia there are a lot of social - economic levels , which make people to have a different and divided attitude toward education .
This attitude is more based on the backgrounds of the people rather than on the system itself .
We will have a good time there .
I will eat tokyo , my favorite dessert .
We enjoy it so much .
Recently , there is a growing country whose environment is destroyed by building house , which accour for some debation .
With the tremendous thriving and growth of both the economy and cultural diversity , the need is increasing of the resource is increading , which are used for building much - needed housing and transport networks .
What is worst , the room of the house is where some animals lived before , so they lost their houses , which become the houses of people , nevertheless , the earth is not only belonged to the human race .
Secondly , building more houses is not so much because of living by people , but more because of the economy , which is used for building speculation and the price of the house is too expensive to buy for public person .
For example , some people who have lots of money living in shenzhen earn more money by buying at a low price and selling at a high price , although they have a house to live in .
Also , it is reported that Chinese investors have driven up housing prices in Vancouver by 12% .
Therefore , no longer on the acts go unheeded , and the governments have to deal with these problems . We should forbid the acts by setting certain law .
In a word , the government may appeal to people in some way , that we should protect the earth rather than only facus on personal profit .
Nowadays people usually use the car all the days , actually for most of the diary things ; despite the fact that there is a small amount of people that travel in public transport .
The cars pollute big amounts of carbon dioxide , so that is the result of the grey skies of some cities like Madrid , Beijing or New York are grey and this has to change .
Using the public transport is " healthier " than using the car for the environment because inside the bus can travel twenty three humans and it is only one vehicle , however it would be twenty cars .
Also , people think that travel in cars is faster than in public transport and I agree with it because the bus or the underground is always stopping in the different stations , so in this way , the car is better .
In my opinion , I will use the public transport , not always , but more than the car , although you travel slower , because I want to save our planet so , that the rising generations can live in good conditions .
My favourite sport
I have been playing tennis since I was a teenager and , for that reason , tennis is my favourite sport .
That 's why you can control your limits .
Besides , you do not need a lot of people , as on football match , for example , to play tennis .
Undercontrary , on a tennis match you need just one , and it does n't matter if it is a man or a woman .
For example , never starts a match without a warm up , because you can suffer serious muscular injury .
Buy a good racket , wear a pair of good shoes , find someone to practise with and start to enjoy yourself .
Dear Sir or Madam
With reference to your advertisement , I would like to apply for the position to work in AMERICAN SUMMER CAMPS , I am John from the capital city of a south state in India ,
I worked in a middle aged school for about 2 years , where I had experience which will be suitable for the current position .
as I worked in a restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , how I gathered knowledge of basic cooking methods , and hope it may be helpful for now !
I believe that this job is suitable for me !
herewith I enclose the current cv , as you can see in the attachment !
I am interested in work a in new work environment , kindly reply .
John
Hi my friend !
How are you ?
Thank you very much for your last letter .
You should come to my city and will enjoy it .
I looked for every day some summer work and I found an excellent option .
I needed money which I can spedn during my study semestr .
The first day was very nice .
Everybody was friendly to me .
They explained all the services procedures .
The second day was awful .
I did not know what was going on .
I could not cope with the responsibilities .
But my good men tell me one important sentence .
He comforted me .
And now , I am happy .
In work , I am confident in work . I have money and satisfaction .
And I know that job is for you ! Please come and work with me !
Dear Paul
Last month I helped host a concert in Timisoara .
I encountered during the concert small problems but we have fixed them very easy thanks to the team with whom I have worked .
Pleasure to work at concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see different classes of people with different ages starting from the young and the elderly , who forget all your worries and enjoy the same concert as if not and be separate .
Your friend Pogan
They could live with this fact .
People were surprised to know his relation was broken for so long .
They seemed happy to share their life .
They always were so friendly , and so kind ... that it was strange to image that end But that was the sad reality .
They presented arguments to get the custody and the layer listened to them very carefully to decide they can not have the cat .
The meeting ended .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
Michael made a very bad mistake ....
The boy had a mother .
She always asks to Michael to never disrespect when people are at the door and always be polite .
Mia could n't accept it when some behave badly .
She would get dressed up as an old woman .
So she said to Michael that she would go shopping and she would return soon .
Then she put on her cover of an old woman and took her way home .
OMG !
In later time , society feel the need for change about iniquities that pass in the country and the Mexican Revolution explotes , the building is abandoned because the government and country do nt have money for construction , to the point that the building 's metal estructure was used as weapons .
After the revolution , construction will use for represented the win of the revolution .
It is so much more convenient .
Only in the big city , people use public transport to will not be in traffic .
My mother and my father had a fight to each other , they wanted to not be together .
They even asked me , I wanted to go with who , they grabbed my hands , wanded me to go with themself , but I had no idea , because I love my mother and my father so much .
Finally , I cried , because I could n't decide a choice , my father and my mother saw I cry , decided not to keep going , and they saied sorry to each other and me .
Hi Peter !
How are you ?
I 'm happy for you !
I agree with your parents , maybe you could spend your money with something you really need and maybe you can buy computer games with the money you have left , or maybe you could put aside the money to buy something really important to you .
If I were you , I would wait to spend the money .
Let me know what you decide .
See you soon .
so I decided to learn to swim for the summer vacation .
First , I registered at a swimming pool , then I went back to the swimming pool every day in the early morning .
After 6 months , I could swim well until now .
Nowadays , I usually went back to the swimming pool in the weekens .
but I always said my friends " If you want to have a fit body , you will register at a swimming pool .
Dear Dana ,
Thank you for sending the AA Report to us .
The report was discussed at our meeting , and we wish to congratulate you on completing this audit and providing the details and evidence on improving the outcomes from students ' results in this year .
One straight observation was the low number of students that have taken the math course .
The diagram gives information about various stages in the process of making bank notes .
Initially , bank note should be considered in terms of the design such as background colour , artwork , and security issues.then,the preparation of metal plates is the next stage.bank note should be skilled and machinists.thereafter,this stage is printing .worker should pay attention to colour on both sides , special ink , and images slightly raised .
subsequently , this step is the most important.bank note should be inspected.bank notes are separated into good and bad if get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution.at this stage , sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . if get bad sheets.the nest stage is disposal.band sheets and bank notes are securely destroyed .
First , the bank notes are designed by consider , thinking from background colour , artwork , and security issues .
Third , this is the most important step : that printed sheets are manually inspected , the and this sheets are classified into three areas .
The next is called partially damaged shees , and bank notes are separaed into good and bad , good sheets will be cutted into separate bank notes and packed , the bad one will be destroyed by fair .
This is a method of making bank notes , and the operater should pay attention to the printed sheets and how to inspect them .
These pictures obviously show us what detailed steps of the bank to produce paper money into the application .
On the top of the steps is the inspectation by hands , that is to say , they should be separated into well - qualified ones , which are to be cut into bank notes , and delivered to the banks , and the bad ones , which ca n't be utilited are fired definitely at the last stage .
I know that we can post anything that we want but not like this .
Wake up world .
Read a book or play football if that is what you like .
We are architects of our own destruction .
You ca n't live only on Facebook .
YOLO !
YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE !
for example me , I do n't have a car , thus I usually use a train in my school .
I think that is enough .
Children ca n't get a car license , thus children use Public transport .
Of course , if people Do n't have a car license , people ca n't drive a car .
Accordingly , I think we need public transport .
For example , maybe you have a personal situation , that is very important to you , but you do not want your family to know about it , so you decide to tell your best friend , because you know she wo n't tell anybody .
I 'm studying Business Administration , I think my major is so busy .
But also , when I 'm working on a project which involves business , I feel rewarded .
Actually , I realize that busynes is not for the major , everybody know Tec is very demanandant and if you wanna be there , you must work hard .
I 'm dreaming to be an Business Administrator when I 'll be older , firstly I want to work an a sports company lik UA and then I may have a little variety on works .
Finally , I hope to get my own business .
They know what our habits are , what we think about and what we like to eat .
Secondly , family members always know what we are thinking about .
Only families can know us the most because they live with us from when we came to this world .
In addition , they always supply us with much food to us so that we wo n't stay hungry .
Also , family members are the people that we will always want to stay in contact with forever .
Tennis , tennis is not jsut a sport anyone can play , but it 's a professional sport and it needs to more hard trainee and more time to be perfect in it , in first why did I choose tennis ? , seriously in 2003 this is my first time to watch the game on TV when I saw roger federer played I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to it 's professional motion in playing the ball , from this time , I was interested in this game and watching all the championship , so more time , time and time it was my favoirite sport .
my advice is to be patient , be smart . This sport is not easy but it 's need more trainee , more time to be one of the greatest player in the game .
MY BEST FRIEND
While I was dancing , she pushed my by accident , she did n't noticed it , so I thought she was an arrogant person at first .
But , when our friend in common introduce her to me , I realized that she was a funny and nice person .
Aisha is a funny girl , she is always making jokes , and she really knows how to have fun .
Her parties are always the best .
She loves dancing and she is really a party animal .
I love this film , because it shows teenagers ' life .
Most of all , I like Brenda , because she is a smart , beautiful person .
And she wears the best clothes ever !
I think that a lot of people can learn how to live , what to think , eat , wear from this soap opera .
My best friend is my sister .
Although I have 5 members of my family , but just one from 5 is my real friend .
She did a lot for me in , my life .
.
First of all , although travelling by car has become more convenient , the growing population which cause personal vehicle is hard to manage .
Cities such as Beijing , the metropolis in China , faces the salient bad traffic . As such , the government had to encourage the citizen go to work by public transport such as bus and subway .
Craiova
Introduction
The aim of this report is to inform the committee about the attractions of this town .
Town center
In the town center there are the most attractions as well as one of the best bars in the region ; " the Albastirca " .
There is a giant park which maybe the visitors would be delighted to visit as it has animals , a funfair and a lake .
Pluses
What 's more about the town is that it is n't lacking in shopping facilities .
On the other hand , the mall lacks a cinema or some restaurants as it has been recently opened .
Conclusions
To sum it up , I strongly suggest that the visitors stay as much as possible in this town as it has almost everything that a man needs .
Some people say there is no future for public transportation , but I do n't think so .
People who believe it do n't care about air pollution and traffic .
Lima is a small city where there is no more space for another car .
first my favorite sport is futboll and i like it for many reasons . For example , while you are watching a match , you 're going to feel exited and entretaining . Besides that , fubol has the best fotboll player than ever , who is leo mesy . He 's the best and he s able to do awesome stuff when he 's playing .
Yesterday morning , a group of American tourist went to a bike ride for through the center of Buenos Aires City .
One of them was intercepted by a man on a motorcycle , he seemed to have 28 year old .
The mas , who was armed , try to steal the backpack .
But he not be fixed that the man was a camera in his head and hi action was filmed .
The tourist was surprised to see a gun , the robber forced the man in the street and then the tourist put to run .
He was very lucky because the gunman returned to pick up his motorbike and keep his gun .
The man run to where his friends were and sought a police officer .
They found a police officer near it and made the complaint , the group continued the bike ride and returned to their hotel totally scared .
After two days and with the help of the filming , the gunman was captured and brought to justice .
Now he was arrested and charged before a magistrate for the robbery , and is waiting for his sentence .
It is hard for an eastern girl to do what she likes because of her society 's traditions and customs .
Let 's take me as an example , I am a 25 years old girl who is graduated from the faculty of engineering and want to travel to Germany to complete my study but I am not able to do this because my family will not allow me to travel alone .
I am trying to change my family 's opinion so that I can travel .
College is the only place where i feel I am special . That is why i always like to be there .
How we treat the earth has a direct impact on ourselves .
The problems were n't so significant that we overlooked them , but now they have become serious threats that we ca n't ignore .
How can we solve these problems ?
Just change your daily habits .
There are so many questions .
What do we do ?
Why do we make mistakes ?
There is no clear answer but the sure thing is we are humans .
As a nature of human , we would make mistakes .
But we should n't make the same mistakes .
If you are wrong , I will fix you and if I am wrong , please fix me .
We have to fix it all again .
Introducion :
Eco - friendly :
I do believe that the members of my family are my best friends for many reasons.first of all , we got the same education as we grew up together , so we know each other .
If I suffer from any problem , the first step I do is I try to go back to my lovely sister because , deep inside , I know she is the only family member that can assist me .
Secondly , if I need money , I will come back to my brother or sister . I ask them to borrow some money .
First , the trend of environmentally friendly has grown since the shortage awareness of fuel , taking public transport can decrease the air pollution created by car , and more governments had build the public transport system including subway , buses etc .
The transport in the city is n't inconvenient as it was years ago .
The other reason is , travelling by car is n't convenient if you go to the famous resorts , most famous resorts lack of parking lots , travelers may spend hours trying to park .
My favourite sport is football .
I have played for 12 years .
I am not a professional player .
Sometimes , If I would like to play football but it 's rains I can watch football on television .
In football , my favourite position is goalkeeper .
It is really hard to give some advice .
We have to be very patient .
If you practise you will achieve skills .
In Somalia , people usually throw the rubbish and garbage in everywhere , and there is no a cycle which is intended to keep it .
The city council are tackling with how they can keep the city clean , and each and every morning there are employees whose work are to collect rubbish and keep the environment clean .
Many of the main roads of Mogadishu are getting more attractive by the day and the people have begun to make their city clean .
Swimming is my favorite sport , I usually swim 2 or 3 time a week , swimming is a good sport , especially in summer .
The other advantage of the swim is the fact that there is less impact on the knee .
By the way , some people do n't like to swim because they have difficulty finding the swimming pool , I think that is just an excuse to be lazy , the Internet will help you to find out .Lets go to swim .
Nowadays , there are many choices to spend in our free time , such as go shopping , travelling , listen to music , reading , etc ..
Football - the most popular sport in the world , is well - known as " King Sport " .
The objective of the game is to score by kicking the ball into the opposing goal .
Actually , I began to play football when I was 10 years old .
There are many reasons why I enjoy football .
They not only help me in every match , but also share me everything in daily life .
A finally idea , football makes us enjoy our life and increase the quality of life so far after working hours .
Although a balanced diet will offer energy and vitality , but that 's not all of the thing , Exercising is important too , in addition to the balanced diet .
My favourit sport is football . i love it so much . When i was young , i used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona . i was play with my friends at the street and we was happy with that so much and after that , we played at playground like in really football . i love Cristiano Ronaldo so much . He is the best player at the world . A few people telling me that messi is the best player , but i feel angry when i hear that , because that is not true . So i looking forward to meet my best player one day . its like a dream to me .
Because many people have died for this , and it 's really hard to stop this addiction , even if the person wants to stop it .
my favorite sport is swimming .
i swim 2 times per a week .
i enjoy it when i spend my time in the water and now even i am pregnant i am afraid when i swim with a group of people . i keep telling them and screaming do not come close with me ! ! !
hhhh sometimes is funny ,
but my husband he takes cars of me . He does n't allow to anyone to be much closer with me ,
my mother in law she likes swimming too .
last night we went to the swimming pool . It was a little bit cold , but we liked it so we went to the pool and srated to swimming . i know how to swim very well , but she does n't , she has to have a support otherwise she ca nt .
to : Emma Brown@ ........... co.ukDate : Thu Nov 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Europe\SeklerlandSubject : RestaurantHello Emma .
When I read your e - mail I was very surprised about it .
Well , I think it is really creative .
If you want to visit me , you have to do it in the next month because I have a football tournament , and I must participiate .
If you want to visit a restaurant , I would suggest the Dagi .
It is a bit far from my home , behind the fuel station where once we left your car .
We , the management of The Arch London Hotel , received your mail and wishes to let you know that you should make known to us the position you desired to work in via return mail along with a scan copy of your signed contract of agreement to enable us to make every necessary corrections .
Thank you .
When it comes to public transport , the future is relatively dark according to the prospection .
Indeed , all the indicators show that humain behavior will not change , at least in the following decades .
The car continues to attract people .
In the other hand , Governments are not able to change transportation policies to enhance public transport 's level of service .
Malaga is a town that takes care of the environment .
Around the city , there are a lot of containers for rubbish , pieces , plastic and crystal .
All people has very close someone to recycle .
These companies must take care of the environment or they would have to pay a big tax at the council .
Above all , they talked more : we live in the era of the telecomunication and none could live without their mobile phone or their computer .
Moreover , also , simple things are changed , for example , the food we eat : some times ago , everythingh was natural , healthy ... but now everyone eat always " junk food " and thinghs like that , which are completely unhealthy !
As a result of what I have just said , in my opinion , people wo n't have a " really life " : everyone will be always more involved in the virtual life , so that they will forget how to talk to each other and how to express their own feelings !
For this reason , I also imagine that in the future doctors and scientists will have so much to do !
My favourite sport is soccer .
Also , we can learn to help each other in the team .
My favourite trick is nutmeg .
My favourite soccer player is Frank Lampard .
My favourite team is Chelsea FC .
My favourite soccer pitch is Hong Kong Stadium .
My favourite soccer is the Brazuca .
I started playing soccer when I was four .
I often play soccer with my father and my brother .
When it is the holiday , my brother and I play soccer twice a week .
It is really good to play soccer !
Everyone is afraid of something .
A lot of people are afraid of catastrophic events even thought it 's very improbable that the same thing will happen to us .
But the phobias are fears which we experience that are life - threatening and they can distrupt everyday life , but people can get over them with the right sort of therapy .
We should spend less time worrying and more time being happy !
Science fiction magazines and stories spread .
They will have three eyes , antennas over their heads , and guns firing green extraction .
They want to occupy the planet Earth because , according to them , our resources are still virgin ..
Alison put on her coat , close the door and went to his parents ' house by car .
She went to his parents ' house because they sent her an email that said that his father is okay after the oparation .
When alison knock on his parents ' door she noticed that there were many people in her parents ' house , a man open the front door .
When she entered the house , a man was looking at her with a bad face , when suddenly this man shot with a gun to Alison father .
Nowadays , public transport is used for many people in the cities , we can find different types of them , such as bus ,
tube and train , but is there a future for it or not ? , I am going to respond this question by giving disadvantanges and advantages and , finally , I will give my personal opinion .
To begin with , Public transports is not as comfortable as using our own vehicle , every day , about all in the morning , it is usually crowded , due to people than begin to work .
Although I have written some disadvantages , public transport is better than private transport .
On the first day , we went to Taormina and Giardini Naxos , the day after , we visited Siracusa , the third day , Agrigento and The valley of the temples and on the last day we saw Marsala and Trapani .
I enjoyed all the cities we saw but the best , in my opinion , is Siracusa . in particoular I liked Ortigia , that is the oldest part of the city .
I think that the worst thing of the trip is that on the last night in our room there were a lot of insects and some spiders and we must change Room .
public transport now a days has become a bit uncomfortable because we can not think of availability of seat .
A large number of people use it , which results in over - loaded buses and trains .
it take too much time to travel by public transport than by personal vehicle.there is a scarcity of buses in public transport and there timings too are not fixed .
In a recent time , privet transport is more convenient than public transportation , although public transport like buses , train , ferries and intercity rail are consuming less time and energy , but sometimes its create problems .
In public transport , people are bound to share transport means with strangers and also we have to persue company policy or regulations , but with their own transport , we do n't have to bother about these things . We travel when we want and when we have time .
People had drived car to go to a work .
The city have a lot of traffic .
They prefer to go to work by car rather than by bus .
It 's true drive by car is so much more convenient , because people do n't need to wait for a bus .
They can drive at any hour , they can to go and to come any moment .
They can travel to another place , independent the hour .
Bus , boat and train are the public transport that are most used for people .
In some cities there are n't boat , because they do n't have a river or the sea .
I think we could have a lot of bus in the city .
This mode of transport is better to population and means that we do n't have traffic in the city .
This can help heauthy the people and the city will stay most clean .
So we must reduce by car on the street .
1- It 's very common . I can do it anywhere and anytime I want .
2- It 's very cheap , I will not need to buy anything to do it .
3- It 's not a hard sport , in all cases I will not be tired after walking .
5- It gives me a big time to think on all my life without any distributions from anybody .
cause all these reasons , walking is my favourite sport .
From few years , people use different types of transport . We ride by bus or by car .
Moreover , you travel with the other people .
You stay in a queue for buy a ticket .
At some means of transport it is too crowded and you haven ' t got a place to stay .
It is n't good .
Finally , if you ride a car , you musnt care about a timetable . You can go at every hour .
When you go by bus , for example , you must wait at a cold bus station .
At sum up , in my opinion , travelling by car is better .
You have comfort , you feel better .
Unfortunately , it is very sad to say that people in my town does not care about the environment .
There are so many little things we could do to care for the environment .
So many storms , and all the things happening around the world are the result of not taking care of the only planet we have to live on .
I suppose their lifstile is intolerable , resteless and I really sympothise with them . Magotity of outstanding and appreciated people are frustrated .
They turn into arrogant and furious idols because of a shortage of ptivate lifetime and perpetual attention .
That is a pitiless trial for celebrities bit , through thick and thin , they go on .They archieve the goals made exceptionally in the sake of money and vanity .
I realised it is not worth it .
There is one thing that confuse me , and that is the old extension number .
I am always answer some wrong calls , and these calls distract me .
May I have a new extension number ?
Thanks for your help .
Dear Jo ,
Romania is a beautiful country and has many jobs .
Also , there are many places to see , mountains , lakes where you can relax and have fun .
The jobs are nice and you can work for three months .
There is good pay also .
I also work in the summer as a waitress in a terrace .
It is good and people are nice .
See you soon .
Hi ,
I hope you are well .
The idea of make a film comes up on a Saturday night at a meeting of friends .
In itself , the film did n't have an especially topic , but I can describe it like friend 's film , as there appears lot of laughts , jokes , and it reflected that friendship is the greatest thing that exists .
Let me know about you and your life .
Hope to hear from you soon ,
Bianca
Running is my therapy .
I started running to lose weight and it ended in a life - changing experience .
Some may say that running is very similar to religion , but to me it is more than that .
Running connects me to my inner Goddess .
Running is cheap and everyone can take up running , no experience required . after all , it is just one step after the other .
In My country , Bus 's car is the essential mode of public transport .
So I got a lot of troubles :
2 . Bus car 's driver does n't care about the people who around him .
That means he is a careless people , who always drives too fast .
But public transport has advantages : If we uses it is the essential mode of transport to travel .
Therefore , the environment will be improved .
Maybe traffic 's accident is decreased .
The public transport most used in Toluca is el bus because it is the most cheaper , but it is very bad and unsafe , the qualiti of it is very bad , the buses are old and obsolete , these have broken windows and old and broken seats .
The service is very bad . The drivers are very angry and stressed out so these do not lead with cauition , in Toluca exist report of high rates of accidents by buses .
The public transport is unsafe because of growth the theft and the kidnapping express to users .
Also , that the cameras transmitted immediately the image of the robbers at other buses to ensure that they are alert , and that the drivers receive training and sanctions by conduct bad .
Maybe in the future it will be worse .
There is is no future for public transport because the car has made life so easy .
People
It 's saves time .
In old times luxuries were not considered as compare to Heslth but now every one prefer to save time and maintain privacy , which one can only afford by using her / his own private transport , so gradually , public transport is losing its charm .
public transport
I think it 's very important as it reduce the problem of both pollution and population . We use few transport as it is big and carry a lot of people .
The underground , trains and buses . These means of transport are cheap , so it helps the poor to save some money .
governments should take care of public transport . They should save means of entertainment . peoples should keep them clean and safe . If they use it carelessly it will be useless . Now There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
cars are faster than public transport , so cars are more convenient than public transport it is easier , faster and more comfortable , especially in long distances . So , governments should improve public transport as not all people have cars .
Now a day 's , travelling became it easier for the humans to move all over the world .
Many of the people habituated to use their own vehicle as their means of transport , where they can reach their destination in time .
As the Automotive Industries are huge in market , most of the house holders prefer to buy a car rather than use any other motor vehicle .They can have easy move from source to destination with in no time .
As private transport is increasing day by day , it 's surprises that there may not be any public transport in the up coming days .
And the income that is getting through this servicing transport will automatically dropdown , which will create a problem to the economy of the government .
Another issue we can see here is unemployment .
Most illiterate people choose their proficiency as public transportations , like , bus service , cab service , auto service .... etc , in order to full fill their basic needs .
People with more unemployment may also lead to a higher crime rate .
I hope , giving equal priority for both public and private transportation makes us healthy .
And we can see that controlling the traffic is not going out of the hands .
In all times and places there is always some typical food of the country where we live .
My name is Laura and I live in Argentina .
Here , in this country , there are typical dishes , desserts , drinks .
On the one hand , I like to have things that are typical in each country , apart from the fact that they are delicious , because when you 've got the opportunity to travel , you can go and experience with the food too .
i think if the goverment do the best work about the transport , they can save it .
i do nt think the public transport does not have a future , there are a lot of people who can not buy a car and they has to use the communite transport .
Place like Mumbai is full of People and there is no place to park the vehicles .
Day by day , the number of people are increasing in Mumbai .
Crowd is more and all the people want to travel by public transport , so it is difficult to travel . The best way to travel is in there
own car or van .
Public transport are good way to travel from one place to another place .
I had a word with a boy and he will reply to me by tomorrow .
It will be good to interview both and you can decide .
I am hoping this boy will come for the interview as he was saying recently he has got a new job .
Is the Internet the greatest invention of all time ?
The Internet is a useful means for everyone , so we are getting on with distant friend , and we look for important information when we are studying or entretainament themself .
First of all , I am going to talk about the adavantages and disadvantages for this topic .
The first adavantage , is that the Interent too much quick , for example , when you want information about something .
The second advantage is that the Internet by website , such as twiter , facebook ... You allow speak with your quick friend , or you can meet ith them by website , therefore you do not call them by telephone , so internet is too much cheap .
Both computer game and mobilephone have got the internet , as a result , they have not got time for the another traditional games .
Other disadvantages is that , people do not meet with friends , since they speak by website Internet , so every time there is unless relationship , the people is not sociable .
To sum up , the Internet is an progress more important in the world , but too there are a lot disadavantages and advantages .
In my point of view , the Internet is useful for everyone , but we should not abuse it , so carring out another activities .
' Good Thriller ' was not my favorite type of gender until I saw ' No Escape ' .
They persecute an American family that went there because of the dad 's job , which was something about a company that the natives from that place hated most .
It was n't that easy for the couple with two little girls .
And in some of the scenes , the little girl escaped or the dad had to make them jump from a building to another one !
Anyways , I would n't want to ruin the ending but I would definitely recommend you to see what happens next !
Helen , I did n't expect this .
It was a huge surprise for me !
I really appreciate your card that you sent me .
It made me speechless !
I have never got anything like this .
I celebrated my birthday without any complications .
I come from Ninh Binh province .
Hello Mr Smith ,
Saying that , could you tell me about next week 's work ?
I 'll try to work at home .
Thank you .
Regards ,
Laura Pérez
Dear Bublin Lost Property ,
I lost my phone on 15th Jan 2017 at 5 pm in Dublin city centre .
I still remember using my phone in Dublin city centre at the entrance .
I lost my phone near street no 1 .
Here is a description about my phone - model iphone 6 , gray color and there was scratches on the backside .
Thanks
Ritesh
Dear Principal of the Effective Learning School
Recently I have got a job offer from a company located in London and it requires me to have an ILETs score of 6.5 for the visa .
I have studied this exam not at all and I have got a very limited time , around 3months , before the last test , so I would like to begin as soon as possible .
I am working in the daytime , so night time , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytime on weekends would be good for me , except on Mondays and Wednesdays when I play basketball as a hobby .
Also , I am thinking of studying with you for 2months but we can talk more about this later .
I am good at speaking and listening sections but not confident at writing , especially essay writing . I 've never learnt in my life , so I want to focus on this writhing part more than others .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Best regards .
Samuel Mo
Travelling by car is much more convenient but we all know really there is no future for public transport .
It is the best or much more convenient for us .
I think there is a big future for public transport , because a lot of people want to take that and , more than anything else , that is convenience .
Especially , some people do n't have a car and some elderly persons find it difficult to driving a car by themselves , so the public transport helpeing them a lot .
Already , public transport have been improvement and that makes it comfortable to go on a trip , but I think that will be able to become good quality more and more , because so many people expectation .
I like a car as well , but when I have to driving a car , I have to think about parking a lot and I ca n't enjoy meeting other people to talk while I am having travel , so the public transport is making connection with human beings .
It is why I think public transport is really important for the public and there are a lot of important thing that is having a possble in the future .
So , the Humans including women and men , should behave according to these points .
The question which is rising now is should the employer hire women in some posts and excludes them from another , and so that for men .
The second answer is that it is not correct to exclude men or women from any posts .
The explanation of those who support the second answer is that every one had borne equal in terms of duties and rights .
Is it convenient to take a year off between leaving school and starting the university ?
I think it is not necessary and not recommendable because you have the possibility to earn money and it is difficult once you get used to earn money , you want to study again .
Furthermore , you do n't study during this period and when you want to start the university , you would n't be able to remember some important things
So , if you take a year off , you have to think about it .
But now they are earning more money than they earned before .
Therefore , it is likely to imminent that public transport will no longer exist in the future .
think has a future that all people use public transport . Then I think that maybe it will continue to have a future but it has bad and good things , for example , good is easier to move in the city and you save time , and the bad thing is that , bad people attack you and steal things , but I thing , that have future , because a lot people even if they use public transport to .
the people use the public transport also the people needs to move for all the city .
what I ' m saying is that if you have future public transport that people use so much , that you will have a future .
In recent years , governments encourage people to take public transport because of the fuel crisis .
So , I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
My mother is my inky best friends in my family , she always listening to me , sometimes i call her with her real name!.
She always tell me some jokes , but some times i laughed !
, i love her so much , i do n't know how will my world would being like without her and i wo n't want to know .
I 'm short .
I will wait for you at the train station .
Well , there 're a lot of sport that people practise every day , but I have one which is my favourite .
It 's basketball .
You can play with your friends or in a team , or even alone , but this option is the most boring .
Basketball is a perfect sport because you can develop your reflections and your ships with people .
I enjoy playing basketball because I relax when I play it and I can meet new people and travel around your city or your country . That it 's the best , because you can visit the cities ...
And you enjoy yourself between your mates and live all those special moments with them .
And maybe you became a famous player or a simple player , but you will feel like a famuos one .
But it is important to enjoy yourself .
The old house on the hill is a landmark in my city .
At the beginning of its history , my city was a big farm .
Tired of having their house destroyed , the landlords decided to build a new house on the hill , so they would n't be molested by floods anymore .
This treasure was used to finance a civil war that took place in the south of the country .
People came and destroyed the house looking for the big treasure .
I absolutely disagree with this statement .
How many car for all of the people in the world ?
When more people use public transport , there are less car on the road , you can walk and enjoy the city .
Besides , it 's also an environment problem , exhaust fumes engulfed the earth , more the car is used , the more exhaust gas release , we are killing our mother earth .
In addition , those who live on below average incomes do not have money to buy a car .
An automobile is a luxury in some country , like mine .
It 's the way to prove you are wealthy , when you get a car to your home , or go to school , work by a car , people will change their mind about you .
Public transport is being become a must - have mean with many people who have a low - income .
In conclusion , Public transport is our future means of transport , I mean for almost citizen .
Not car , though it 's convenient .
my favourite sport is swimming , it makes me feeling comfortable and left me in a good mood , i go to swim twice a week , and my advice to anyone want to start swimming is to enjoy every moment of it .
I have read an article on IFLS that talks about a sheep that has a human face .
It shows in the video that the sheep actually has a big nose and lips just like a human .
In my opinion , I think it is just a coincidence that the sheep looks like a human .
On the other hand , the farmer who owns the sheep refused to sell the sheep for a higher price than normal to the circus .
I think the sheep should be transfer to a place where there is specialty in animal with the same condition .
we bocome not only older , but also wiser .we learn , but the most useful thing to learn is to get in alot of experiences & for sure , to make mistakes .but we have to be honest with our selves by admitting our mistakes to avoid them in the future .
I have seen Momiji .
It is very beautiful .
Dear Jo ,
As you know , my grandmother actually lives in France with my cousint Jonh , unfortunately , he has to make a three months course outside of the country , Jonh will leave France next weekend , but instead it is not possible , I have to go and look after her because none of my family ca nt waist three months over there .
I am so sorry to delaying your visit , which was planned months ago , however as I told you , it is not in my hand , but I feel like it was .
Why do n't you come to visit France instead of Spain ?
Could be amazing !
Just think about it and give me a call .
I am writing to you because I would like to book my holiday from 0:00 a.m on Wednesday 26 August to 12:00 p.m. on Friday 04 September .
Yours Sincerely
Mariusz Kaczorowski
Nowadays , technolgy is more modern than in the past and people are always developing their invention to become more useful .
One of the example is television , in the past , we use it only for watching the news and movie , but as the time goes by and the technolgy is developing t , now television has others function .
These are the proofs that television can also educate .
Many programs consist of lessons for kids to learn , for kids who still want to learn speaking and know the words , it is very useful , because many programs are very suitable for their to help them learn faster by watching television .
Besides that , we can also use television to make us become knowledgeable , by watching news programs .
Second , tthese days , television has become modern and it make television can be connected with the internet .
By that advantage , now we can easily search and get information from the internet by using a television .
We can search for it on browsing or we can also access youtube to help us .
So we can watching a program that we wanted , so we can choose what is good and not .
In conclusion , televeision can entertain and also educate , because television programs make it in an interesting way .
I will talk about my favourite sport .
My favourite sport is football . I enjoy playing football with my friends . We play at night . It was very excited to play when the sky was rain .
When anyone miss to pass the ball or miss scored a goal we shouting on his face " are you crazy how you missed this goal !
But we were too interested .
The emotions the only try if you 're a fan of any team , and you know the happiness that you feel when it wins , it 's indescribable .
I started following football in 2007 , at just 10 years old , I started because I fell in love with a team , and that then led me to love football in general .
I like to watch the games at home with my father , but mostly always go to the stadium with my dad , you feel indescribable emotions . and my father was to convey this passion .
The future for the public transport should n't be taken lightly , in my opinion , the public transport is the best option for ending the problems with the traffic jam because , when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people is travelling from one place at other in only one transport or vehicle .
For many years , the public transport had allowed that the people to travel a long distance for work that otherwise would not be possible .
Better still , the future of the public transport is essential for a better life without traffic .
When we used the car , for general , one person is the unique who is accustomed to using your own car , so this not is exploiting the potential of this car .
At the same time , we need more cars for more people , that 's the meaning for more traffic .
I apologise to you for not writing sooner , but I 've been really busy lately .
Your party sounds extremely enjoyable .
Here , parties are normally for family and friends .
The food , his team of chefs , prepare is always magnificent and the decoration a piece of art , not to mention that the decoration is fully engaged in the Head - chef .Not only is the food , but also the restaurant itself is a very beautiful destination .
, with the latest technology systems for lighting and beautiful painted walls with great masterpieces of well - known artists and upcoming talents .
Last but not least , the service is remarkable .
The waiters being happy to help in anyway they can and working hard enough to reach their full potential so they can relish you .
So fairly George 's restaurant is one of the most universally recognized restaurants .
I 'm afraid I 'm not quite with you , even approve public transport will get more popular in the future .
You ca n't disagree that our global become urbanization in the future , can you ?
Today 's television !
Once you have in mind by inviting others to get home and watch TV is what people expected !
You should consider that large and being untouchable TV is what you must find in one .
However , people nowadays look for a good design and not for quality , the big problem is that prize is against quality , even though a good designing of TV series on well - known stores is the big option that we can choose to check .
Consider a good prize and good quality by checking and visiting stores , you should not spend too much money by buying the biggest TV or largest , you can save money by only watching a few minutes on stores , have your sit , enjoy and list if you are convinced .
In conclusion , enjoy watching movies in your own TV considering prizes and qualities , some TV brings you the experience to enjoy your favourite movies in other scenery , will you try ?
Whether people who reach 18 have to complete military service is an issue , the supporters suggest that it is helpful for the 18 to train the physical fitness and psychological quality , whilst opponents point out that it is harmful for the human right and affect development of the country .
Consider both aspects that can be concluded that the government should respect the human right and set up a new department which can be use for people who want to apply to complete the military service .
In my opinion , our lives will have a dramatic change in the next 50 years .
1 , Álamo Street
Alameda de Osuna , Madrid
28042
I want thank you for the invitation but I would n't go to the party because it is my sister 's s burradas .
Best wishes .
Your friend
Maria
I do currently a doing master but I can devote myself to the Fellowship , especially since I have finished the Pre - Masters and now I need only follow - up from time to time with my guide Academic , so I have the time for the Fellowship .
I agree with the statement that Mark Twain is the greastest American writer .
That is an eight - episodes film .
First of all , I would like to tell you about the atmosphere of the film .
That is like you are going down down stairs to a dark room and feeling curiosity and fear at the same time .
Particulary I would like to point out Mathew McConnahy 's role .
The philosophy of his hero is so much diffrent we used to think everyday that I have taken a look on my life from another point of view .
Last time I was so impressed from watching " Fight Club " of David Fincher .
I really recommend that movie to watch .
Hi Lara ,
nice to meet you ! I 'm Lorelain , I 'm 36 years old and I 'm from Rome .
My hobbies are reading , travel and cooking .
I 've got one brother , Francis .
I hope to see you soon .
Lo
Third , supporting the recycling by inventing three types of rubbish bins for hard wastes , for liquids , and the third for clothes .
so it comes as no surprise that my favourite sport is football .
Firstly , football plays a vital role in unifying people locally and internationally , for example , it helps the US and China to normalize their relations .
Thirdly , an from aesthetic point of view , it was call the beautiful game by Pele .
we will know today some of information about Islam , Islam is a great religion that come from The Arabian Peninsula and its founded since 1436 years ago .
Mohammed is a kindly prophet born in a small city called mekka and he travelled to another city closed to mekka called almadina cause the people of mekka were very aggressive and they did not accepted the new Invitation for the new religio
Mohammed came back to his town , mekka after that and forgave the people of mekka whose abused him .
Hello dears ,
Education will not be in the schools and universities ! , but it will be in the internet by many methods like : Self Education , E - learning education , in many web sites like : EDX and Coursera and distance education .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I 'm writing to you because I 'm interested in applying for the job in summer camps .
I 'm forty years old and I have experience about looking after children in my town because I have been working in a toddler school as a teacher for four years .
In your announcement you told about working in kitchens ; I live in a small town and my grandfather was a farmer .
Finally , I think I 'm a friendly woman who likes children and wants to work and learn this summer in the U.S.A. , so ,
I look forward to receiving your answer soon .
Yours faithfully
The diagrams show how bank notes are made .
Firstly , they design the bank notes ' backgroud colour , it is artwork and security issues .
Second is the preparation of the metal plates .
It 's done by skilled machinists .
Then the sheets of bank notes are printd .Printing colour on both sides and use sprcial ink or images are slightly raised .
When printing is finished , they should inspection .
It is the most important step .
Printed sheets are manually inspected .
In that time they at fist cut the sheets into separate bank notes , second they packed the sheets and diapatched .
At the same timebad sheets and bank notes are securely destoryed .
If the way to do that it 's easy and nice , I think at the end it is better than explain theory concepts .
The other reason for my opinión is that almost all the people preffer use the visual sense and ear to other person more than write and listen for understand new things .
while we are spendind good time watching TV , our brain is not in calm , only in an other position different to that ones in the rest od the day .
Deffinitly , No alwyas , It depend on the kind of programme , but I Think that nowdyas a lot of televisión ofert help to the people to develop more effectively .
I hunt most with my dad , and we always have really fun when we hunt , but sometimes we can be a bit angry on each other .
Me and my dad have three dogs and we hunt moose , rabbit and roe deer with them .
Dear all
Kind regards
Armando Martínez
Mr. President
The purpose of this letter is to notificate you about some complaints that some citizens has , this is related to why only boys have to be in the draft of military service , and girls does not have to .
Kind regards
Cesar Vega
Hello Sam !
How are you ? I am fine .
Thanks for your letter .
Yes , I have a favourite restaurant .
It 's near my home .
It 's really good !
I hope to hear from you soon ,
Bye ,
And then , for the preparation of metal plates , the skilled and machinists is considerate .
Nect , printing , sheets of bank notes are printed ( 50 bank notes per sheet)colour on both sides , and specWell , the . Well , the most important step is inspection , we should printed sheets manually inspected .
This house is characterized as containing large numbers of students who have memorized the holy book of Quran .
And conservation mechanism followed in this house encouraged students to become a part in it .
Finally , if you want to rest and have good companionship , joined to this house .
The pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is form the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they can build a great building like that form about 7000 years and it is still strong till now!. people from all over the world come to Egypt to see it 's great civilization , around 2 million people come to the pyramids yearly . You can be one of them .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to express my interest in applying for an English course .
First of all , I would like to present some background information about myself ; My name is said ahmed .
my English language is weak , I would like to improve it which complete my post graduate study ,
The reason for choosing this specifically English language in September future I would like to get to know more information about an English language course .
This activity is really interesting that you can not miss it .
Do you want to know how much funny it is now ?
It is meaningful enough that you can raise money for the poor or help meet somebody 's needs by purchasing .
It is such a perfect activity that the school can show the great to others .
It supposes that you can enjoy the show .
It is hoped that the successful fun fair or other student 's experiences can attract you to participate in the fun fair .
I always go to the gym , I look all the time separate 1 hour and half for that .
I enjoy myself all the time when I am there .
On wednesday after that I go to my belly dance lessons , I love it , because I can express all my feelings .
Spend less time to pass .
Classroom management is good .
Students must take a serious assessment about himself .
It was a cloudy and cold October night .
Then I woke up and realized it had all been a bad dream .
End .
I live in a small city called Caceres .
In Cáceres , we take care of the environment .
The People in this city are aware that there are care of nature .
Therefore , in this city there are not many factories .
The people recycle the rubbish and they throw away the rubbish at diferents containers .
The yellow container is for plastic , as water bottles , the blue container is for cardboard , as milk brick , the green container is for glass , as glass bottles .
Nowadays , due to the actual economical crisis , its construction has been stopped with an undetermined data .
It is interesting because it has
Dear Sir or Madam ,
when I was ten years old , really I like to play football too much . I have joined a football - teams which is near to my home , I prefer to this team because of my family is not reach , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go to do exercises stadium .
The team is not very famous , but I know in the future it will be .
I try to be a football player in there .
The team name is coming location area , which is AKSARAY.I prefer to play and watch football as well .
I want to advise all students that start this sport for their heath and to fore way for stress , Sports mean is not like to spell time and to loss calorie .
After making sport , you will feel your body to be coming strong and you brain will be with out of stress .
However , one of my dreams is keeping in my heart so that I ca n't forget it forever .
It was just a very long tunnel where was dark and strange , After , I felt my body ache .
I decided to walk to the end .
Constantly , I just walked like without terminal contest .
Seeing same light appeared my eyes .
Nevertheless , travel by car is easier for commute for example , because they can choose a personal timetable without a terrible discomfort of buses ; in addiction there is a fair chance that by the end of this century dwellers will stop travelling by public transport , in special way if the government have invested his money in green energy and we could discover a new green car , which in turn , would revolutionary our life .
We will has people that use the television as fun , most of the time ; but we has too their people that use television for searchs .
In my opinion , the people use television for distraction .
When we come home after the job , or school , we need a form to relax .
It looks like a kind of addiction ... We need to use the technology on our behalf .
The capitalist 's world make us increasingly become us updated .
If I must do it , my favourite way of shop is on the high street of my town , or in another town or country .
Socializing online help us to contact with our friends by an easy way in different places and this way does n't cost us money .
For the last few years , the public transport has been forget .
Now , public transport is not the future , because travelling by car is much more convenient .
But they do n't know about the big problem with the pollution .
I think .
If everybody uses the public transport , the world would be much better . and the people will be stress less , because they will be not worried about parking places or be in the traffic .
Compared with local bookstores , publishers or media such as newspapers considering the Internet market , public transportation has a much better future .
There are two reasons .
The first reason is that public transportation carries humans .
Humans are the most sensitive luggage .
The second reason is that automatic driving technology needs some more time for the development .
The running costs will be decreased .
We love to travel there and here , but this is the place I have wish to go a since long time ago .
I hope it would be fun there .and thinking about the beautiful scenery makes me felt that I must go while I can .I ca n't wait till the day comes .
How are you doing ?
And how is your family doing ?
I hope you are all doing well .
I received your letter yesterday and I was really happy to hear from you .
Following your letter , I want to tell you about The apartment . It is very Beautiful not big or small , but medium - sized left inside two rooms , a bathroom and a dining hall and an external director categorize overlooking a beautiful view . I am sure he will like it . to come and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would say that I miss you too much and I hope to see you soon .
Take care and goodbye ! ! !
My favorite sport is swimming .
Also , I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make the swimmer cool down when it is in a summy day .
The advice that I would give to someone who want to start swimming .
It is not to be afraid of the water , otherwise they may not learn swimming , and also , when the age they become older , it will be more difficult to learn than when the are little .
So , these are the advice that i would give for them .
I like learning English .
It 's my passion .
I like talking to friends and I can communicate with other people .
Michael was alittle boy . He was 10 years old . He went with his parents to his grandfather 's home .
Once a day , he met a girl called sarah . She was 9 years old . inspite of michael was bigger , but sarah could control him.every day they went to the sea playing and swimming until the sun set .once a day sarah made a challange with michael about who can enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out from the other hole on the shore , but michael was afraid .he was telling himself which animals could be there or is there were air there , but he has no choice , so he accepted the challange .sarah told him she will go first.she took a breath ... a deep one , and started to dive .
Micheal was afraid . He was waiting for sara to get out . He went to the shore to look if she went from the other side , but he found no footprints.his mother called him and he went home and still thinking about sarah.it was night and ge was afraid ti get there again.he went to sleep .michael closed the door and knew at this moment he had made a mistake .
An clean or healthy environment is always acceptable to all kinds people .
They are sincerely manage wastage and avoid carbon - generated products .
Also , they obedient to the rules and regulation of the city authority .
Initially , the Waste management system of our locality is comparatively effective than before .
Our authority now follow the scientific method for rubbish control ; recycle , reuse , galvanization .
As a result , the city - dwellers are now enjoying a more healthy environment .
It is a more expected criteria , why the authority step up many organization working for waste management .
In most of the cases , not only my family members but also our neighbor like to avoid carbon level increasing products those are responsible for temperature increase .
Now , the government is working for decreasing smoke emission of the mill and industry .
Last but nor least , the strict rules and regulation have a more effective impact on to make a good town .
The first time I took part in the youth forum was in 2012 , and since then , it has been a big part of my life .
Influenced by it , I started to look for universities in Scandinavia .
Since 2013 , I am studying English and Marketingscommunications at University College Syddanmark .
It is well accepted that shopping is not always enjoyable , and the following is my reasons .
Firstly , shopping can waste you so much of your time .
You may not realize it when you shopping happily .
But you may find that when you notice you have many things you still need to finish .
Secondly , shopping can make you upset because of something you can not afford .
You may come across something , such as a luxury bags , but you can not buy it because of the tight budget .
Furthermore , even if you just buy something you can afford , you may also waste much more money .
But thinking about the environment , traffic jams and sometimes the absence of parking places makes me changing the statement .
On the one hand , you put all your things in the car and drive anywhere you want to , on the other hand , if you feel not very well to drive , you have no money to buy a car , or the downtown of your city is closed for all the means of transport except for the public ones : tram , bus or trolley bus is your wayout .
Good question about item , how can answer , if you would win £ 100 .
I have a few easy recepts , how you can be a well off £ 100 and how you can help the environment .
Firstly , I will describe how I can help my local environment and what I do that is useful for item .
I am a serious fan of the environment .
I describe how it looking my every day .
I tend to drive with my bicycle from home to work , I do n't used my car or buses for a long time , because it is not healhty and costs a lot .
A bicycle is for me the best way how we can be do fit and in a good condition and also to more less polution without cars .
Secondly , I save water and electricity , because the costs are quit expensive .
Next point is an issue , that if I am not at home , I do switch off the temperature .
The next point is a fact , that recycle glass and paper is most important .
I tend to collect in three different boxes of waste , for paper , second for glas and plastic and third for the rest of my rubbish .
It 's a very domestic and a huge issue for us life .
We learn to really segreation of waste and , in the future , how e.g.:we could use second time a same glass .
But there are some problems , like these - how will drive a lot of people who do n't like to drive or ca nt drive because he has some problems with the health .
Anyway , a lot of people will need some transport in some cases , not privat , but public , and we ca nt say that this kind of transport willl not be useful .
Some years ago when the weather was colder here people had eaten more meat with wine .In fact , growing vegetables was not possible because of the weather .
In fact , today people are interested in drinking wine during participating at parties or meeting with friends .
Although a healthy diet is quite expensive , young people follow special diet in order to have a better body shape or a healthy life .
Actually , modern life affected on our palate changing .Instance some people who work the majority of their waking houres prefer to use fast food more .
In my view , the reason of having more energy during the day lies in the diet program which is followed by each of us .
In conclution if we have decision to living long following a suitable diet is crucial and unavoidable .
You see , I do not see members of ones family as ones best friends because , personally , I did n't and still do n't have a great relationship with anyone in my biological family .
Dear Sir ,
For my town , there are many regulations that are forced by the municipality and the environment ministry , such as preventing animals like ( sheeps , horses , cows .. etc ) , from being in the town and in the population areas .
As we are fully depending on the indivitual generators , that are causing multiple problems in he weather dueto it 's smoke , the oil and gass left behind , in addition to sound offcourse that are themain source for the 18 countinous hours of noise .
Also , recycling the trushes are a very inteligent way to keep the town clean , and get multiple use of the products in industry lines .
on the Otherhand , the eldest people in our city having many socity responsiblties that are encourging the youngest ages to participate in the annual gardening festival , for the indoor and outdoor gardens .
Finally , we always believe that one hand can not clap .
Regards .
Michael and Marcuangolo were friends , but in the school they were enemies .They had amazing battles in the playground .
One day , at the end of the classes , Marcuangolo wanted to hit him , and Michael ran away .
Michael stopped and hit his enemy .
Marcuangolo fell in the street .
A car crashed into him and Marcuangolo started bleeding .
Michael took his enemy to the hospital .
The doctor was angry and Michael cried .
Michael understood that he must take away .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Before I entered university , life in high school had n't a lot of friends and I was so lonely , but after I started to study at Ton Duc Thang university , I became more happy , comfortable and interactive .
I'll have a friend at university because I scared strangers .
I was very happy at the time , and I have the friend sincerely .
it was a wonderful experience with me .
I was walking to a football training session with my friend Michal last week .
It was raining and it was dark .
The weather was horrible .
It turned out that a bus hit a lorry just in front of us .
The people were screaming .
Some passengers were hurt and weak .
The police came after 5 minutes and the ambulance too .
It was a scary situation .
We were shocked !
Hi Isabel
It is a small and quite city .
I like the Indian resturants in the city , in addition , the infrastructure and roads are well orgnaise .
obeying to the statement above , it 's necessary to say that this is a very interesting topic , because it 's quite related to actual problems , such as problems in the environment .
This is to say , that most part of cars are not green , namely , current cars are not designed for generate a good impact in the environment .
Regarding the reason for the described situation , it is due to the strong economic interests of oil companies , which are intended to get as much money as possible , regardless of the damage that they are causing to species of plants and animals .
Thus , the question is , travelling by car is so much more convenient for whom ?
, even though , when the public transport gets so crowded , it is less harmful indeed , in terms of the impact received by the environment , because it means more individuals in the same place , meanwhile each new car means increasingly pollute .
Travelling by public transport would be more convenient with a good conscience of protect the planet .
On the other hand , the bad things are that you have to park out of the city centre and these areas will be crowded , you could n't visit places with your car and people with physical problems could have difficulties with public transport .
In my opinion , it is a good idea , but perhaps the restriction could have exceptions for certain people and certain days and hours , or if you need to visit a particular place with your car , you could ask for a special permission .
In the village where I live , there is a lot of vegetation . For that reason , we try to protect the environment , some of the things we do is to give mantainance every week to the vagetation zone , checking if there is any garbage , to avoid this , we teach the younger 's enviromentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or , candies to the floor . They also can help the older people , there are cases which a person throws garbage to the street's , floor or to the vegetation . To avoid that happening again , we have a punishment that is to pay some money . If the do n't , they wo nt be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they were visitors , in that case , we told him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advises to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
More environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlife by takeng care of themthere is to that we have a center of care and , other more institutions , we also make environmental protection centers were people can visit and learn about this . To sum up , our village is very concentrated on taking care of the natural world that sorrounds us .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am studying on the Literature and Language bachelor programme .
If it is possible , I would like to change my study programme .
It is from the bachelor programme to the 1 year 's programme .
Could you help me please ?
Sincerely
Lian Glai Hu Patel
Studentnr : 012345
Hello Jo !
In my country there are many interesting places to visit and it is a country to improve with your job , also , also , it is easy to start a job.there are many jobs access and many different types of jobs .
this country are many interesting pLaces to visit , if you wantto have an adventure , you have to go to the aconcagua in Mendoza .
If you want to have fun , you may go to parque de la Costa . There are many interesting rolercoasters .
And if you want to go to the best museum of art in Argentina , you should go to malba .
Richard .
In my opinion , public transportation is the most convenient way to travelling . The air pollution is a one reason that I prefer public transportation .
Nowdays , in school , we learn a lot of subjects , which we less or more use in our lives , some of them are really important , but some of them are just a wasting of time .
On the one hand , we had n't to range subjects by their
I was born in Danderyds hospital in 2001 .
When i was born , i weight 3650 grams and i was 52 centimeters tall .
I have one big brother , he is 14 years old and goes to mörby skolan .
I like parkour because its really fun . i also like guitar and playing video games .
Public transport is not convenient for most of the people because every person wants to reach on time at his place but when using public transport it is very difficult to reach on time .
FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY 'S
It all begins in 1981 when freddy fazbear 's pizza open , the establishment it 's a pizza restaurant but this pizza restaurant in had robots , in 1981 there were four animatronics and their names are Chica , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .
Foxy the pirate makes a show individually in her pirate cove , The children loves Foxy because he plays with the kids , making questions about the pirates and count a pirate story .
In 1983 , The pizza restaurant reopened with more security and robots with a more friendly appearance .
When I saw the advertisement about the job , in this moment I think that it is very easy , I called the number , they give me the information , and I accept .
The rules are simple : just see the laptop , watch the animatronics , wait to 6:00am and close the doors if you needed I say OK .
My first night was easy because I only see the screen and pass the camera to camera and nothing strange happened , I could only hear footsteps and noises .
The fourth and fifth night were the worst because the animatronics were very active , they closed it and opened the doors because they try to get into my room .
After tonight , remove me the place and never went back to Freddy 's Pizza .
Dear Linda ,
My height is 1.65 metres .
See you later .
Thank you very much .
Lo
Hi friend ,
You can see monuments , theatres , beaches and different shops .
Rosetta becomes first spacecraft to orbit .
After a long flight , it reaches the orbit that is a very long way far out of the solar system .
Travelling by car becomes a comfortable factor nowadays because we can stop and go whenever we want , we can start at our desired timings .
One more reason is that banks provides loan at a lower interest rate , which makes people to buy one to improve their comfort level .
People 's lives will not change if they do n't change themselves .Everyone want to improve his life to be better but how can we do that without doing anything . we must to start with education and healthy which are the most important things to be better .
everyone need to focus not only on his education but also on others .
We need to focus on our inner skills and improve it .
No progress will happen without a plan .Each one has a dream he want to achieve it but first of all he need to put a plan in place and also a cognitive one .
It is a big problem and it is almost a miracle not stepping one .
The solution , I think , would be to fine to owners .
I think the people know that his dogs litter the city , but they prefer not to do nothing .
If they would had to pay , then they would do it .
In general , the city looks clean .
The cleaning services work well .
Normally in the night .
In the hall tow care about the city Center .
There are plants everywhere .
Madrid has many parks and many trees .
These also can be a problem , because recently they are falling down because they are older .
The hall tow has created a group that works studying the tree 's age to prevent further falls
Actually , there are many huge problems are in your city just as there are no any proper drainage system for it , not any specific canal system through which we can properly cleaned our city .
There , is another issue that is due to huge transport but little bit road they are not wide enough so that most of people are distributed due to these issues .
I hope all is well with you .
I would like to invite you to apply for in exciting job offer for your weekends working in my cafe .
Also , you will managing approx . 16 person and you will have a full privilege to handle them as you like .
we are locking for a salary range between 42 $ to 90 $ per hour , and only 2 day per weak .
I hope you to except my offer as soon as possible , and I hope to see you with our staff as well .
tel : 001012345678901
Amr Hamdani ,
CEO , Green Pepper cafe
It is the capital city of turkey and it takes a large area . on the some there are a lot of people where living in Istanbul .
Istanbul buildings are so simple and have a special design then other cities .
I think it will be ghanged to be come a bubile city and contin more of high building .
What erer , if it change or not , I will always like it more than any place in the would .
Hello ,
It 's known that the different recently situation that there are now with young people .
I used to go to a Christian school here in Granada , in this school there were good values , like share or help to other person .
Moreover , my parents , who are teachers , they have been teaching me how I must educate , for several years .
I asked myself If I had had the possibility of change the world , I would have tried to do all that in your hands .
So , if you need a person like me , I would like to work with young people .
I 'm looking forward to your reply .
Alejandro
I was born in 2001 in august the 10th in Danderyd .
I have two little brothers , Gus and Soren .
I have always lived in Danderyd .
There is much that i 'm proud of in my life , but actually i do n't know what i 'm most proud of .
A very big weakness i have is that i can forget nearly everything , especially homework and other school stuff .
happy , funny and sometimes bothersome .
I do n't actually know .
some day i want to go to Bali , because it 's seems like a really nice place .
three things that i could do with is a bike , to be sick and bad computers .
my favorite song is prayer in C .
my favorite singer is AVICII .
my favorite food is fillet of beef with bea and pommes .
If you have a car , you would probably think that travelling by car is better than by bus , but there are a lot of people who does n't have a car , so they are used to go by bus and , for them , this way of travelling has become more conveniet , because they have done it since they were children .
Then , whatever the opinion you get is the result of the social situation in what you live .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that its cheaper and better for the environment , about me , I think that cars is easier and an affordable way to transport between places , because cars is here any time and so near to your home , instead of public transportation , which you should take a walk to to reach it in most countries , and also , cars are available all the time , you can go at 4 am and no one will say anything , because its yours , but most public transportation is available only for the day hours and a few hours at night , in an emergency situation for example , what you will do , if you do not have your own car , your kid is sick , or you wife or your old parents , and in general , the more we depend on ourselves , the more our government is able to help the poverty and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community , we merely ask the government to improve the streets and the traffic light systems , and more oil stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move around easy and safe and in a short amount of time .
But in spite of this , a lot of people have a dream about owning a car .
The most said that using a car is more convenient than using a public transport .
Of course , private transport has a lot of advantages , like : you do n't need to wait for a bus at the stopes or you can go every where you want in the time convenient for you .
Dear Alex ,
Long time no see .
How are you ? You know , it has been a long time since we have met each other . Why do n't we go to the cinema ? .
We are going to find a romantic movie or a science fiction movie .
So , what time will you finish session ?
Please respond at your earliest convenience ,
Best ,
Phuong .
She has twuenty seven dresses of maid of honor , meantime , she call in love with a boy who is very handson , but he is working in a magazine and he has written about weddings in the city , he is a good writer , and she unknowns that .
Nowadays , we have a lot of environmental problems .
As a result , roads are overloaded and long kilometres traffic jumps damage the open air .
On the one hand , that quantuty of cars ca n't be forbidden , because it 's a personal right to have it or not .
On the other hand , the government should think about some measures for protecting the environment .
For example , inventing severals special dates in a year for using only public transport .
Also , another improving measure might be as an encreasing green areas in cities and towns .
Rivers and seas are in danger too .
Unfortunately , many tourists do n't take care about saving personal spaces ( on the river bank or on the sea beach ) in clean .
In my opinion , firstly , new bilding on the banks must be forbidden at all .
Secondly , rules for tourists about caring for the environment must be very strick .
I think , nature'll get the most important benefits if everybody takes care about his own space in the best way .
When it comes to health , it does cover physical and mental status too .
Sports is a unique way by which a person can maintain his or her health , including both aspects that are physical and mental .
My favorite sport is Hockey .
The different formats of cricket allow me to maintain my health based on the time available after earning my bread for the day and it is needless to say , after sharing the precious moments with my lovely family .
I often participate in friendly matches to keep my physical abilities up to the mark .
While putting a lot of stress on physical abilities , it is needless to say the day can be tiresome if one may decide to play in the longer version of the game , but it is equally challenging as to how you would keep up your mantle status .
It does require you to explore your brain while developing strategies against the opponents .
It becomes essential to create a spontaneous Plan B when Plan A did not work .
In the present world , television is very important .
But sometimes it can also affect us in a negetive way .. most people around the world can see any news in live.media is more help full for the people .television is also using as a study material for example for smart classes ,
online courses etc . television is more important media . We can improve our language with the help of the television.now we can see
Michael was a serious boy , he had the ability to behave in a good mannar , help his parent with daily activities .
Michael 's parents were absolute poor , they hardly paid school fees for him , although they did their best to see him be educated .
I am from Lviv , Ukraine .
I am 30 .
Your summer camp is the best place to demonstrate me .
I can speak English , Russian and Ukrainian .
I am a reliable , easy - going , hard - working person .
I am prepared to look after children .
All my free time , I work with children and teach them .
I usually go camping with children to the mountains .
I am the right person for you .
hello!I am a 32 years old girl from Italy .
I really love take care of myself , and so , the last years I decided to do walking every day in the evening .
I love walking near the arbour of my city , so I can have a look to the beautiful sea ! when I walk I feel the clean wind , and so , I take long breaths .
If you walk on the seaside in the evening you can have also the possibility to see the sunset over the sea .... that ' great emotion ! I feel good in that way and even my soul can have a breath .
I suggest everybody should having the same evening walking , you need just a pair of comfortable shoese !
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is cheaper than public transport .
The main reason for people do n't like to travel by public transport is due to overcrowding .
People prefer the car rather than public transport due to sexual harassment .
Dear Federico ,
Like you know , I was work in a youth camp the last year , so that if you want to take this job I would like to say some things that will help you .
I had 25 children and it is a good number for working well .
This kind of job is very useful if you want to improve your English skills .
I recommend this experience .
On the negative side are the labor conditions . The money is not enough for pay for the level of living in London and else the money for " travel expenses " , in my case , did n't arrived until November !
Can you believe it ?
I wish you luck and a good experience .
Regards , Alex
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , that ha has planned two weeks ago .
this episode was his sister 's birthday , " Now it is the suitable moment to announce her about surprise " , peter said .
Then peter stared , " happy birthday my lovely sister " , peter said , and gave here a key of a car .
after that , the celebration was began and a lot of their friends have attended , each one presented a gift for Sara , she was very delighted and , suddenly , the doorbell been rang
Sara stood and stared at here for a few minuets and hug here and bowed here for coming and thanks here . They had n't meet for several years after they have finished their study .Really it was a great moment and they stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening .and agreed to visit their collage at the weekend to recall the best memories , It was peter who is arranged this celebration and connected with Tia and prepared for all this to happen . Sara never forget that day .
Nowadays , each family has several cars to use for their daily needs .
It 's much faster and much more convenient than using public transportation .
The only drawback that comes along with using cars is limitation in fuel resources .
It was the capital of the Ming dynasty and Qing dynasty.so it has many ancient architecture , like Ming Tombs , the Summer Palace , The Temple of Heaven , the Forbidden City .
Especially the Forbidden City is the largest architectural complex which is the best - kept in the current .
It . It represents the highest architectural achievement in the ancient China .
It has been starting build from Qin dynasty , Its use was to resist the Huns , but now it is a great place to visit .
These architecture also represents the culture of China .
Beijing is also a city which has many kinds of snacks and foods from different countries .
You can taste Peking Duck , Sichuan spicy diced chicken , Henan stewed noodles and Yue dishes ...
Now Beijing is a large international city , it will inherit the elements of history and develop much better .
" The reality of transportation is that it is future oriented .
If we 're planning for what we have , then we are behind the curve " , Anthony Fox .
Transportation has a major role in a society as life revolves around motion .
When we talk about convenience , comfort and safety , then private transport is more likely to consider .
Private transport travel is totally on your own , so there remains no tension of reaching a certain station on a specific time .
People often tend to go on their own , as private transport such as cars can be bought easily on loans provided by banks .
Looking on a wider span , cars are these days available according to the public demand .
For instance , fuel - efficient , luxurious and economical cars are easily available .
With the advancement of the automobile industry , public transport will not be considered as the first choice in the coming years .
The above discussion suggests that people find private transport a safer , more convenient and comfortable mode of travelling .
The city was deserted that night , as Michael and I wandered through the narrow streets .
It had been raining earlier and the full moon shone brightly on the wet stones .
Suddenly , we heard the sound of running footsteps .
Then there was a cry and the footsteps stopped .
Nervously , we walked back .
Perhaps someone had been killed , or kidnapped in the street .
We were going to see what happened , and we had something to see .
but nobody was opening their doors .
On our luck I had a mobile phone , but Michael was saying that we need to escape because we did not know whether are those bullies near the corner .
After we came to the ambulance , police , the police come and one patrol was catching those man who made that to that granny and the other patrol was talking to us .
I found out that the granny 's name is Rose and she had got operation after the accident .
To our relief , she was saved and when we went to the granny 's room , we saw a smile on her face .
We were also happy , but in Michael 's head came a lot of things .
He knew that if we had escape at that moment when the granny was at the ground , she would most probably die .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My name is Kamaldeen . I 'm 31 years old . I 'm married and I do n't have children .
I moved with my family from Jordan to Saudi Arabia in 1995 .
I began studying when I came to Saudi Arabia in third grade .
I have a big family contains from my father and mother and I have seven brothers and three sisters .
I studied in Al Qassim University and my major was Microbiology .
I graduated from my college in 2001 . After that , I got a job in the ministry of health and I have been working there since 2010 .
I like a lot of activities , such as travelling , readillng , play soccer and watch movies .
I still believe that public transport will be more popular in the future due to the benefits it provides for us . Travelling by car is more convenient but expensive .
Travelling on pubic is cheaper .
On the other hand , not everybody can own the car .
So public transport is improved continuously .
I think it will be the favourite transportation for all of us .
My favorite sport is volleyball .
This sport cause fresh and jolly me and I think will exercise cause me to be healthy.if you start volleyball , you need a ball and a piece of ground that separate with tie .
Shopping takes place the biggest part especially to women , but sometime it becomes not so enjoyable and I agree with this statement .
To sum up , I would like to say that , if you are in bad mood or lack of money , then you will not be able to feel pleasure of it .
Technology advance way to fast and it is really difficult guessing what kind of stuff or artefacts there will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas , like flying cars , smartphones with the size of a small piece of paper , laptops really thin like a quarter of an inch , clothes that clean itself or change the color and shape , healthier food , smarter electrodomestics .
All this will help people to live easily , but only to have more time to work , because the type of mind that reign in that time will focus in the companies and make money and spend it , this is the reason why a lot of jobs are changing to a home office and the firms are giving more and more facilities to their employees to be more efficient .
At the end , the kind of live that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help the people to have a more comfortable , easier and faster way of live , but this will be only to meke more money and consume more and more , also , the things will be faster of waste to make the people to change their apparel more often and create a consumerism .
Nowadays , an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon that armland , forest and wetland is disappearing for some long - term human activities , for instant housing and transport networks is builded by destroying the balance of the environment .
Firstly , it is clear that more house and transport networks is convenient for our people , what is knowed to us is that the population growth is a big problems , which is needed for more palce to living in .
And builing more transport networks is also a benifit for us , for example , the high - speed rail can be shorteded our time spent in traveling.while the animal may not welcome to it ,
In order to command the psychology of the user , it was necessary for me to know the new tendency of UI
design .
Her name was Lora .
She has mooved to Kyiv , graduated from university , and started to work .
Althought she tried to hide , she has become a great and a famous model .
She loved him ..
He was her first man , best friend and lover .
He wanted to own all she had .
From time to time , it seemed to him that he loved her .
But it was a very short emotion .
Once , Lora came to him and told him that she was sick .
She cried .
But Michael was n't worried .
Lora noticed his coldness .
She asked him to go .
She was killed by his coldness .
He went out .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Football is my favorite sports In my life.so,I pay more attention to it than to any other things you might think of .
I took this time to command people who are sacrificing their entire life of the betterment of sportsmanship .
With all that , I do have my favorite club , team n country as well .
And also have my favorite players , Ronaldinho , Messi and Eto'o .
My favorite club is Barcelona and my favorite country is Cameroon although that I am from Liberia .
I know football does n't go by sentiments but the love of choice and what desire you the best .
We do essential purchasing of players to save more money .
You have to save money for players to enable you to pay them on time .
So , i love my team and my staff and how they run things in my team .
The facts should not be hidden . Barcelona is the best club team in the world , whether you like it or not .
I enjoy this sport because it is comfortable and elegant also you never hurt yourself badly .
Furthermore , you also have a lot more confidence in yourself .
The advice I would give to someone who is starting this sport .
first of all , you should eat healthy food to have a good physic , do more exercises and sleep less .
Every day I wake up at 05:00 AM and go to bed at 10:00 PM .
I reach home at 13:00 , then I take my lunch and relax for an hour .
In the evening I watch movies .
I advice my guys who suffer from laziness and overweight , try to walk for one hour at least and after that they will like this sport .
Hi !
I think it 's important to maintain our tone and , of course , our health .
, like Nadia Comaneci or Gica Hagi , they are two people which succeeded in their sport but with perseverance and ambition .
They are passionate by that they do , more concrete those people are fall in love with their job .
In my point of view , this subject , the sport , the favorite sport is one of the most pleasant for me .
If I do that , now the day is one of my best days , it 's a managed day for me .
Flori .
It was in Italy , exatly in Bergamo to be precise .
Yara finished one of your training sessions .
The parents called her , but she did n't answer .
A good amount of the population prefer to buy a car to go to the school , the work place , church on a faster on comfortable way .
Every year , thousands of car are sell and the demand is growing .
Television has many advantages .
Good films can also entertain and educate at the same time .
Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe , in fact , there is some important tournament where participate all important Europe team , They are called the " Champions League " and the " Europa League".football is a team sport . In fact , in this sport participate everyboby without exclude nobody .
The people start to play football in a regulatory pitch , after some time , they will be tired , but it is normal because their muscles are not enough strong for running around the pitch for many times .
If you often train , your muscles will become very strong .
you can improve it by running with the ball and , gradually , you will improve your ball control .
How to make a true mistake ?
I 'll tell you a story that happened at school .
as any normal pouring day when you are a teenager in school never ever end , but a one day was the best day from any other pouring normal day because i learn how to live as a powerful smart girl who used to let the other us her because she want to feel needed from my friends but i did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
all my class called me creep ugly geek , but still little good only when a teacher want from them a research or the exams
are in the next couple of days , but Michael trying to stop me doing that because they never become my friends and i was bigger to do this things ;
that day , i had just finish help a younger student to understand his math lesson . My friend Michael asked me to do the same and to give her an answer sheet for all the final exams . I was in bi shook why she want that from me any way , i collect my courage and told her that was wrong and become to do that in college better to start study now and I 'll help her to study the hard lessons ( i was very sad to say no & that she asked me that)she become very angry and told me i should help her because we she was my best Friend . Then i told her that why i had told her NO and she told me " i hate you . "
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Pollution as a problem in the environment
Technology was not as advanced as it is now , so the amount of waste was small .
Not only will this solve pollution , also it will help us to discard obesity .
Rivers and seas are victims of modernization .
In fact , the factories ' waste goes to the rivers .
As we can see , modernization is causing damge in rivers and seas .
How are you ?
I haven't seen you for a long time .
I have a new beautiful pair of shoes .
My mother gave me them for my birthday .
Would you like to come ? I 'm going to invite all my friends and family .
It 's going to be amazing .
See you soon .
Jazmin .
Hi Jo ,
While you are with me , you will do curriculum vitae and after we will travel around my country and we will become a good workerds .
However , the best option is that you came here and after I will present to you my friends and their fathers , because they can help you with finding your job .
On the other hand , I do n't recommend travel , because this is very expensive .
If you came here , you will see a lot of the country and you could travel around the world .
I will look forward to your notice about your decision , but I am very nervous , because if you are with me , I will have the best summer in my life and I will be very happy because we will do parties with a lot of friends .
noticia
I was really comfortable in my bed and i coudnt belive that someone had interrupt my calm .
To the door and open it , result that it was my brother .
After that say hi and I go with him inside , he told me that our mom was goon to a trip for a week and we have to take care of my little sister .
I closedthe door whishing never to have to opened again , then i went to the bathroom and took a relax shoower .
I practise the Pilates Method every Sunday morning .
I practised danse a long time ago , but with ages , I 've preferred to practise an easier sport .
After 10 times , I obtained results on my body : stretch , sinewy and flexible .
In my school ages I did not participate in any programme , even sports .
If they had told me to attend compulsory I will do without any hesitation .
While I were in ANDRAPRADESH every year , we have a Christmas function in December . Although we are not interested to attend Drama , they were not leave us without participation even a simple character .
They gave me a character like THE GOD .Firstly I never aware about how to act and do this particular character .
Personally , I believe that those who are not participate in any activity the teachers has them to encourage .Then only they also know how talented they are .
Every student should attend and show their talent .
After some ages we can not attend any of this type of activity because we all are become old .So let do and enjoy your young age be happier .
The future of public transport in developed countries is very different , because most people have a car , in the people who live in poor countries , most people take public transport , because people does n't have a car and it is cheaper to take public transport , the pollution of public transport is huge and is growing . Third world countries should have , eco - friendly transport .
At least I had a stable job , a lover , family and friends .
However , these things have changed , All the things I have been owning , building , remaining are broken .
It is hard to believe my eyes that I could see the avidity under their eyes , as if they could n't wait to see me dead , they ca n't become brilliant so long as I am alive .
I have always tried to convince them that I am not that bad as some people said .
I love this place because it is relaxing , but the only problem for me is I live alone and I 'm lonely .
My mother knew my feeling and she wanted to help me .
She came to my house with a present last week and when I opened it ... I could n't believed it . " It was a little and beautiful monkey !
Since these moment , my life changed and now I go to every place with " Yango " . That 's the monkey 's name .
Dear Sir / Madam
I saw the job advertisement in the local newspaper .
To start with , I would like to tell you that I have studied gastronomy in the Instituto Crandon , one of the most recognised institutes in Uruguay , also , I have just finished the sports and health course in the Universidad de la Republica , in which I learned to work with from children to adults in the sports area .
In the world , a very famous sport festival is the Olympic .
There included many kind sports , such as wrestling , basketball , tennis , running .. etc .
First , Basketball is a team sport , when it means i need to understand the expression of members of the team and keep in contact them . For example , my roll is cutter but i need to do assister , blocker and guarding when i play .
Secondly , Every country have own martial art history and culture , that is kungfu from China , taekwondo from Japan and Karate form Korea .
It is not just fighting . These sport give people durability , speed and power .
Man and women whose are possible to interest it .
There is not special criteria , such a tall and strong muscle or gender .
I suggested to other people to first to understand yourself , such as what do you like , which is possible , and than practice after every success .
they use a bat and a shuttlecock , which is like a bao feather .
purpose score the most points .
I sometimes play badminton with my brother , and I always win .
I think I am a good player .
The positives ways for playing badminton : you can lose weight , and you vision will be good etc .
The negatives ways for playing badminton : you right arm is more strong than you left arm , and sometime , you are sprain your arm .
I 'm sure it is very heath for your body .
Unlike Taiwan 's senior high schools students , their sleeping time average in eight hours or even more .
In my awareness , I know the United States advocates free - style study and self - learning , so they aside from study , they have diversity selections .
the more I remind myself to get up early , the more things i need to do .
So it usually postpones my sleeping time .
The only common option is rest time , I also spend three to four hours resting .
First , I am to say that People 's lives will change in the future , because the new technologies will change the lives of people .
I think this , because the new technologies are created by people for improving our habits .
For example , the Internet in the next 50 years will be very different , I guess that people will have a chip in our head and they may do many things with your mind like if we need to call other people , we will think about it and we may speak with it .
For other hand , People make other inventions for improving the world and reduce pollution , for example , In this time we have created electric cars or organic food , these things are very useful in the future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
Also , People will need to improve medicine to cure diseases and , for this , People need to create more inventions to resolve these problems .
Finally , I think that the best change will be in our lifestyle , We will change our clothes , thinking and other things , We will be more dependent and we will need more things for our day to day life .
Although I have been having terrible jet lugged since I came back to my country , It 's great to see my family and my friends .
Anyway , I have to find a bird to develop myself and take a rest .
I never say goodbye to everyone because I will come back to England .
He is seventeen years old and he has a sister .
His sister is six years old .
One summer tomorrow , her sister woke up very early .
Someone ring the door and he opened but there was anybody in the door , so he closed the door again .
He listened a bit of noise at the top of the stairs but he did nt go to look that noise .
The door rang again and he opened again the door , his sister was with him and she was very scared , but there was anybody in the door again .... and this time , the noise at the top of the stairs was higher and he understood all .
Someone was calling the door while that someone else was stealing in your house ...
It was by that that , her sister is scared and woke up ...
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
Twenty years ago , I started playing football .
I had practised a lot of sports before , but when I started playing football , I felt that was my sport , this was freedom .
And just as I was becoming in a proffesional football player , my right knee was injured .
Then I have been operated on twice .
Because of injuries , I have now thinking on leaving football to dedicate me to my other passion , the guitar .
Writing emails in English can sometimes be hard .
I moved to the UK from Turkey recently .
It is not always easy for me to speak in another language constantly .
I have to improve my writing .
This is the reason why I 'm trying this web page .
Sport is very healthy , it is very important that all people do exercise for their bodies .
I love sport and I usually go to the gym .
I like running and I run three days a week .
If I run alone , I take my mobile phone and I can listen to music .
This is the book Owl
Moon .
go owling and he s d been wonted to go owling for a long time and he finally got to go .
When other kids are happy , that makes me happy . I like it Because it makes me feel good Because you do n't haf't
My name is Ingrid .
I have blue eyes and I am of average height .
to playing the counter strike , walking to the park , going the shopping , and I ca n't stand watching the blood .
On September I am going to Madrid to studying the master 's of
I hate eating vegetables and I love eating chips .
What I dislike is that I will be away from my family .
I am going to miss my family .
Well , as you asked me Jenny , the most brilliant actor than see before is Vin Deasel , it is an excellent professional and he protagonized a great deal of movies , like the saga of Fast and Furious , Ridic , Nannies , bulletproof and other extras films .
This is one of my favourite actor because , when he is recording a film , he assume his role passionately and that is really important for a good actor .
This is , for me and many people , an excellent actor because his personality is extroverty .
I have to go shopping , sorry .
See you
Franco .
They think that year the student can spend in a job to earn money so they can afford their expenses during college .
It is better to finish study first , then go for work or having relaxation with travel .
In my opinion , I Think it greatly depend on an individual 's financial situation .
As I you have monetary that can cover your expenses on travel , it is totally different than if you have to work to cover your expense .
or you just have what is essential for education and university fees .
the development technology and Industry very fast , so the public transport has no future ,
It must be Interesting that the development of transport Even fits the times .
Hello Joe .
Thank you very much , Joe , for think in me for to be your witnees , I feel very proud that you think in me for to be your witnees and , of course , I accept and I will be in Toronto for your wedding .
Joe we live far away since I work for the red cross , but I am steel be the same person as I was at the school and I like the same things .
Joe , I have the same memory as I had when I was a child , and I do n't remember to much Sophie .
In other way , I have never be a witness , what do I have to do ?
I will be at home for my mother 's birthday in november , and if you can , we could have a drink .
Any way , congratulations for Jenny and you again .
Best wishes
Joe
hello , good morning .
This sport is healthy and good for the body . you should starting this sport for you will feel good .
for this sport , it is necessary to drink water , and eat fruit , vegetables and pasta .
if you want to start this sport , you should start running for thirty minutes .
Thank you for showing your interest in my village 's concerns with the environment .
We are very appreciative of Dr. Manjot Baqri , who has taken it upon himself to lead these meetings and educate our village on health problems associated with improper dispose of the waste . the village has built pits to dispose of waste .
When you drive you must take precautions at all times because if you can not cause an accident .
Link Remember that a car is to make your life easier to transfer and save as a way also to bring security because you go in your car and you is less likely to get mugged or something .
Some desventejas may not have the money to maintain it , and they always remember that the car should give you a service and not you to him , which is why you always keep it in line with the engine , so you do not fail .
One day I visit my friend Jimmy in New York city , he was a young man who was an specialist on trains and tourism , he talked about how the citizens and the commuters move from one place to another , he told me that the grand central terminal was the largest terminal of the city , he show me were the landmarks of the big apple were so sightseers could go there , he show me the city and we went to different parts . First he took me to Columbus circle in the south west corner of central park were there were the most expensive apartments . Then we went to the lake were the jogging tracks that circle the lake area popular with early - morning visitors , then we went to the museum of natural history that was located near the metropolitan museum of art . Then I got focal on the subway trains , so we went to Grand central terminal . When we arrive , I was amazed to see many people going to work , so he told me that it was conveniently for people to use the train because it is very fastest and for the government it was a grat economic business . Then he told me that one of the characteristics of
There are mobile phone which has a face to face communication ; and the transportation driven by solar cell energy .
In addition , the advancement of transportation system which is developed day - by - day performs to the most convenient and the fastest way as they can .
Imagine if everyone has individual cars , may we walk on the top of the car to meet our neighbour by the next door .
In the first paragraph , I 've written that the transportation development will never lose place for public transport .
For example , comfortable seats , system support for the handicap or physical disability , time capture that help people to know the fix time when the bus will come , as well as security support that help people to be more confident to travel .
All taken into account , the public transport has a much more useful and convenient , both for individuals and for commercial .
Although the personal car is popular , the public transport is still be valuable for the country .
Dear Chris ,
I would like to spend this Saturday with you ) )
His party is always fun .
All our friends will be there .
A summer vacation is so desirable that those in school or workplace long for it .
To most students , the weekend is essential to them , because they are not allowed to play computer games until the weekends .
In my opinion , the weekend not only gives us enough time to take an adequate break , but allow us to enrich ourself .
In important meetings like the UN General Assembly or G77 , many leaders of power countries raise the environmental problems as the most concerned problem in their internal policies .
Disaster on the environment not only cause many problems to human but also to all the diversity of life .
As a part of this diversity , people , therefore , seek ways to reduce the cause and effects of these coming disaster .
Firstly , I sometimes use my mom 's bicycle to go to university , taking part to reduce the carbon dioxide emission from my car .
Riding a bicycle is also a kind of eco - friendly mode of transportation .
Next step , I reduce using some of the cosmetic products that provide or are made from the materials that cause a greenhouse effect .
There are also many related products which harm the environment .
Dear Juliet ,
Thanks for your letter , it was a pleasant surprise .
Bye for now , I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
Love ,
Kriszti
I think that I should pass because I worked hard and this is the last subject to finish my studies .
I do n't know how to study English and for this reason it is very difficult for me .
The next year , in October , I 'll go as an aupair to Oxford . where I hope to learn English .
I think that it is the only way for me .
I should go in October .
I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier .
I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier .
Dear Manager ,
I am interested in the vacancy in your cafe .
In your advertisement , you said that you need a person who can work at weekends in your cafe .
For more information about my qualification please see the attachment .
Best regards , and I look forward to your good news .
Bob
1250
0100
The video game Counter Strike is a good game for the computer , I think that play it is a good way to enjoy yourself .
In this video game , you can kill , jump , dance , and eat all you want , It is a very good game . I think that it is the best " shooter " and that " Artic Combat " too is well .
I am a very well player in this , I know to how play it very good .
In conclusion , Counter Strike is the best game in the world .
I did n't have a long holiday , it was just for 3 days , but these 3 days were the best in my life .
I must say that I went there because my sister is living there , so I did n't have to book a room at the hotel and spending too much money .
I went to the Vatican and Rome , I saw their massive buildings , which were impressive , and their old houses .
I am Melody Martinez , I 'm 26 years old , I was born in Mexico .
I think I am a suitable person to care of children , because I like working with kids , is not the first time I work with children .
I currently work with children with disabilities and I love it !
I 'm good at improvising games to children , and I 'm a good cook too .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Peter studeded and prepared himself for this day for a very long time , because finally , his mother will see him after four year separate .
Peter did a beautiful presentation and now his mother is very proud .
A health is an important part in our life , so our priority in our city is an environment , and people consider keeping our environment clean and work together to preservation of the environment .
Therefore , the municipality of environment put in place regulations and instructions to take care of our village .
This way is to facilitates classification of garbage and transfer each sorts of rubbish to a specific place .
Secondly , recycling waste . after collecting it , they then transport it to factories to recycle it to useful materials , we can use it again in all aspects in our life .
Lastly , workshops about conservation of the environment to increase environmental awareness among people , to encourage them to take care of their city , and teach them how they can recycle some rubbish to make beneficial objects to exploit it at home .
In addition , many residents in our town have launched initiative which target to clean up our village , and plant many trees on the streets to keep the environment clean and protect our generation from pollution . moreover , to attract tourists to visit us .consequences consequence , jumping number of visitors to our town , and reducing pollution which causes several diseases .
furturemore saving cost of treatment because of the decreasing number of patients .
Although he was always thinking if it was a blessing or a lessons I be competing .
Either way , he have an enemy that was trying to extinct his love to run and getting him out of the competence .
The internet is the best means of communication .
first , we uses the Internet to discover the world 's news , from the Internet we can check and read the world 's most famous newspaper , such as the new York times , the sun and also electronic newspaper .
The Internet also can be used to learn and to educate yourself , the internet allow us to read books , magazines and short stories .
The Internet is the most effective way to start a business and to look for a job , many people uses the Internet to work , and they earning money every month .
The Internet is a way to make new friends all over the world through social websites such as Facebook , twitter , and you tube .
As a conclusion , the internet is making things better and easier , life now is always connected to the Internet .
Visiting this small village , you will enjoy a rural tourism with charm .
Discover the main representative museum there , the olive museum , where you are able to look at its history in each of their corners , besides tasting its exquisit oil .
Meet their Patron saint , San Isidro , and get the most out of their memorable party in his honor .
My favourite sport is swimming .
Since I was young I like swimming and when I grew up , I told my mum that I want to make competitions .
The first time , it 's difficult , like any other sport , because you do n't know and you have to imporve by yourself , but if you like it , you will find it fascinating .
Also , I remember my first competitions , I did n't win . I was like the 4th , but I was n't sad because I though that the next time I will do my best and probably I would win .
I went to swim like 4 hours a week and it was amazing , because I improve a lot and , right now , I 'm one of the best .
If you want to take up swimming , I will recommend you to do your best and if you like it you will enjoy it at the same time as you make exercise .
In the past , most of people did not too worry about their healthy .
In those days , almost 80% of people have assured feel preocupation about their bodies and their alimentation , for this , they convidenced me that they will try to improve their habitual alimentation everyday and their will do sport more frequently .
As I the most people , we start to do sport because we are stressed and needed to go out of our house after a hard day of work or study .
One day , I went to do running and since that moment I have not stopped .
The moment perfect is when you want , in the morning , in the afternoon , in the evening , or in the night .
It is thruly that on summer we have to be careful about with te hours are too hot and we should avoid running .
It is necessary to buy a well - equiped sneakers , to make sure you do n't suffer a pain on our feet and the rest of your body .
In Tampico City the most important landmarks they are the squares in Tampico , the better shopping centres they are mall Altama ubicate in Tampico center and the beach Madero , the most important parks they are Carpenter 's lagoon and my favorite restaurant is Child 's in mall Altama .
The beach at night is a one better place for happen with your family .
Dear Ms Ana
Here I come to express my thoughts about what have been happening during these past weeks at the reception of the building .
In conclusion , I 'd like to offer my aid if anything would be necessary .
Regards .
Myth and fable are always my favorite types of stories , because they can either be easy to understand or extend to deeper matters .
For example , due to the wide spreading of " The Epic of Gilgamesh " , we have all heard something relate to it , but do n't really know about any details .
Amount of tradition and legend nowadays somewhat refers its context , such as Homer 's " Odyssey " , the flood mentioned in the Bible , and especially Mesopotamian civilization .
If the government gives attention in improving the streets , decreases using cars , provides other transportation , and controls traffic jams by using police , Riyadh will become a great city so the people do n't worry about going out .
I hope this problem will disappear soon .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Last summer , I worked with children aged 10 years old during a month and I had organised some activities on the beach , such as football games and gym classes .
For me , it 's a pleasure to make the time really fun .
For another think I can speak English very well , because I had studied English in university although I was Portuguese .
I would like to get this job because I love children and I am a very patient person .
I hope you consider my application and contact me ,
Andreia
In the future , this tendency will be continuing and there will be more and more specific social networking sites between business and personal life .
In order for to this happen , looking out for new social networking sites designed for are particular goals .
To be taken the place of a general network like you found on Facebook , you will find sites are specializing and aimed at people , business and society .
It has been a popular American tradition for many years now , since the mid-60s that we all use cars owned by private parties in order to meet our needs , hence considered the " modus operandi " ever since .
Firstly , all people can buy a lot of type of some things in my city . For example , in the centre of the city , we can be souvenirs , because this town has got old monuments , theatre and churches .
In the north of the city , people sell all types of food .
Normally , this food are made when people did in the past , although , the best street market is in the west of the city .
However , you can read a book while you can eat and drink some things in the sofa of street .
You must remember that in the center of the city , you can visit the bakeries with the best sweets and bread of the world and these sweets are cheaper than in other towns .
Finally , people can know the biggest shopping center of Spain , the situation of this shopping center is in the national street 445 in the west of the city .
You can see modern clothes while you eat in a restaurant and you can take photos with a tv star , because they buy in this shopping center and you feel like a star , because you see a famous person and you think that you are in a film .
The movie I have decided to review for you is a thriller called The destiny .
The plot of the movie is set in a small town where everything has its own eyes and because of that you must be aware of your behaviour .
All it begin when a daughter will come to visit her mother and her step - father .
What I liked most was that you think you know what is going to happen , but for your surprise , it always turns up for something unexcepted .
Despite the fact that there is n't any holywood star , all the characters are played very believable and some scenes wo n't let you sleep .
Even the scenery is not based on a real story . It will makes you think about accidents happening around you .
Sometimes I felt that the background songs do n't match with what was happening , but after all you are in expectations of next step so you would n't mind it .
I highly recommend this movie to everyone who wants to see happening unpredictable situations and likes the feeling of the unknown .
Hi Isabel ,
I love this new place .
It is situated in Merida .
It is a quiet and beautiful city with many things to do and a lot of places to go .
I hope you can come soon .
Jorge
In toward to the modernization of life and technology , the people belief in different perspective about way of life , but the majority of ones is totally utopic .
Everyone wants a particular objects and individual life , as an egoistic human being ; however the realm world hasn't got the capacity to support these ideas .
In the biggest cities around the world , the traffic is nonstop and increase every day .
We descovery , in this perspective , special deseases by traffic : stress , violence , pollution , insecurity , and so on .
If the public transport will be by higher quality , faster and with fewer rates , the majority of citizens will be prefer it : it is more calm to relax and read a newpaper or a magazine during the way in a collective transport than in an indiivdual one ; moreover , the time spend up to go and came back will be reduced , because it promotes less car in the railway .
Last month , my friend came to Korea and visited me .
In the morning , We went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphin , cat , horse and many other animals .In the afternoon , we went to play rollar coatser , I screamed on top of my voice and called for help .Actually I hate playing rollar coster .We played mind train , punch , and a lot of other games .At the end of the day I was just like running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .
On the last day , I gave her a photo that was our first hang out and we hugged each other , she gave me a present and called me to keep it for her .
In the case of Internet learning , we can oneself set hours of learning .
Also , the possibility of learning at home is a big advantage , especially for people who prefer peace and silence .
Another disadvantage of learning per Internet can be issue with the Internet connection .
It does not always work correctly .
A mind that lost it .
Malcolm Young is a guitarist that with his brother , founded the rock band : AC / DC .
However , he never has thought in this like a problem .
But the true was worse , Malcolm has had an illness since 2014 and daily he is worse .
Dementia is the illness .
Around a year ago , a video was made by Brazilian radio .
Live you only have a life , today , perhaps tomorrow you will lost all .
I'm a 22 years old Egyptian .
When I was young , I enjoyed playing basketball .
It made me fit and strong .
Our enemy ?
Our family is people who will love us , and who do n't look on situations and who we are .
We are always small and careless children for our parents , small and foolish for our elder brothers and sisters .
So we need to stand together .
I think every family has got a television in their own home and , for example , I have 4 televions in mine .
For me , television has advantages and disadvantages .
These are advantages , but we can have also disadvantages from them .
For example , we can become addicted to our television .
In general , I think our technology is not the best thing for our health and tv and other similar things are responsable for our problems with helth and eyesight .
So , television has positive and negative aspects and it 's up to us how to behave with it .
As keep our mind good and healthy , we need to spend our some times in sport .
I like cricket . It is the best among all of these sports . Cricket is a good mind - refreshing game .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
After calling the ambulance , he waited outside his car for someone who could help you .
I picked up the phone and composed the number of his girlfriend , Lisa .
She is a nurse , but he did n't receive any reply .
He thought that he must do something or his friend could die .
The ambulance arrived .
Sam was visited but beside the scary he had only some bruises .
I live in the beautiful city of Siena , which is famous for its landscapes .
If you come to Siena , there are a number of shops you should visit .
The museum of the Duomo is the best tourist attraction .
Her name is Adriana ; she is eleven years old .
She is from Almazora , a little town near to Castellón .
Her two best friends are Laura Gorritz and me ( Maria Rodríguez ) , she is a great friend with Carlota Pedralba , and as well as best friends , she has some enemies .
She is sometimes mean to people if you are not her friend , but normally she is VERY kind .
One of her favourite things to do is drawing , she has lots and lots of special pens , crayons , highlighters , paint .... AS you see , she is an artist at drawing .
So ... This is Adriana and some things about her .
My favourite sports are cycling and swimming .
In Hong Kong , it is very hot in summer .
There are many swimming pools in Hong Kong . People love to swim with their families , friends or their children .
People in Hong Kong love to go cycling in the holidays , too .
Doing sport is very important in our lives . We need to do more sports to make us healthy .
Hello !
I am Alexander Sokolov .
I 'm going to visit your hotel from June,6 to June , 24 .
But I have a serious problem - I am allergic to animal hair .
Best regards , Alexander Sokolov
Dear Gareth ,
I think that we can meet on Saturday evening at the cafe .
What do you think about it ?
Love ,
Alicia
The last mistake that I have had to have been when I changed the telephone company , because , since I changed , I have had many troubles .
All company are the same , any solve your problems .
I have had to put a claim because the company did n't resolve my problems .
After a month , I did n't know when I will receive my telephone .
The company had to send me other telephone , this telephone turned out to be faulty also .
Since that moment , all have been problems .
Now , I have to wait for an answer from the company .
I really like it because this is not a game in which You only play of ball .
I feel happy when I play it .
In this game you must play with a team .
You must n't play only but you must play with a team .
On starting , I was really biring and I want stop played .
belive in yourself .
If You 'd like to try play in Handball You must know that the first time is always the worst .
This is my advice for everyone who would like to play in every game .
before starting talking about the members of my family and if they are my best friends or not , I just want to say that my family is the most thing I love in my life , I respect them , appreciate them also , and I think they are the best thing in my life .
the most family member I love and think she is the best friend of mine , is my sister , she is elder me by about 12 years , I can tell her any thing about my life , my self , my feelings , hhh also i think if i felt in love , she would be the first to know that .
about my rest of family , as I said before , they are just a relatives , but even if they are not friends almost , but I do love them to much , first one is my aunt , the dead one , and the other who still alive , but i do n't feel that felling of love towards my uncle , I do love him , but he is just my uncle , no more .
at last I wanna talk about my cousins , I love the most of them , especially the cousin in the same age , they are my friends , i love them too much , and also the rest of my family .
My family name is WONGWATJANAKUL but the result sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL , that it is an incorrect .
The sport is very importatnt of our body . It has many benefits to emprove our selves and give us self confedant so we should practice any sport we love because it can change our mind to the better .
A bout me . I like playing volly ball and I enjoy thes sport when I play it because of its being useful for my body .
Looking for any sport to make you feel good and your brain will be always refresh so that you can begin your day with any sport to making fresh and after that you can make any job with a refreshment mind .
The benefits of any sport make your healthy good , so we can do it . Just make exercise every morning to make your blood preasure run in all your body .
He is an athletic runner that has imposed a new global record , nobody believes in him , not the media either his own father in him .
When he was just about cursing the final line , he got hurt and his mussels was dying and star to peel off a black matter , at that point , the guys in suit thought that he wo n't be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running , they freeze the time and run after him , he stopped for a moment , but then , he start running again and when he cross the line he woke up in a red somber fluid , he was wiped out from the matrix , he opened his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was on a wood wheelchair and they said that he would never be able to walk again , besides that , he stands up and tried to walk again .
basketball needs that the person should be tall enough to play it .i like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , have self_confidence and makes me active .if anyone want to play basketball , he should do many exercises and try to be able to play it , because everything is difficult at first , but we should n't give up .
There was a island that each year in some moth come a hurricane . This island is located in a equator . then the people went to this island currently but they ca n't went when the hurricane is there because they can dead in the hurricane .
The island was flood but the island had a levee that prevent a flooding . Then in many year a engineers star constructing a building to had more money then in the city . He put many advertising in all thing : ball , balloon , movies , etc .
Then the professional say that the island has expose whit the ocean .
They did n't know that the island was Atlantis .
Then the engineers call to other sector to ensure the doubt of Atlantis . Then the professional say that the other professional was correct .
One month later
Then one elevator did n't function . Then they had a fight to find who was the blame of the elevator .
Then the hurricane come and all the people was scared because they did n't know what he were going to do .
The people did n't know that this was a cycle , because the engineers did n't say of this hurricane .
Then the hurricane was roof of all the island .
But the engineer ignore this circumstance . Then a helicopter comes to safe the residents .
This helicopter had humid then the helicopter star to rotate in all the island . Then the helicopter go sinking in the water . Then the hurricane finished and the engineers start to distribute the food and medicine .
Then the engineers discover that the eye of the hurricane was widespread of the island and that the island it was a hemisphere . Then in the city , qualify to the people that work in this building .
It is really crucial for me to adopt their way of teaching at this time .
In my home country , when I was in the University , it has a little bit easy for me to follow the educational policies .
The learning style is a traditional learning style that is usual thing in my country .
In addition , the type of examination is more on memorization , that I can use my own language that help me to understand it easier .
" In particular , many international students are too teacher dependent on uncritical of material that have been thought , prone to role memorization , they misunderstand the cardinal sin of plagiarism , and lack of knowledge of the genres of academic writing " .
The academic style is more on critical thinking , and it is hardy to cope up , because I need to understand it using their language .
Clearly , multiple factors have had major influence or the nature of the student population , attending universities and now this shift affects , and is affected by , university policy and practiced are important issue .
As an international learner , I embraced these changes in my learning strategies , primarily because these new learning strategies of academic style are significant for my future course .
It has challenged me to adapt in a Universal approach to the learning style back in my country .
However , one friend disappears , then the four friends decided to discover where is him .
Hi Jo !
I am writing to you to give you some advice about work and travel in my country .
Polen is an amazing and interesting country .
If you have working in Polen , the best way is job on holiday .
If you have experience in cook , you will be the right person for this job .
Hope you come soon .
See you !
Love !
XYX
In addition , I work as a civil servant who should follow the government rule .
In other words , it can change our paradigm and mindset also into better perspectives .
In the broader capacity , it can help my nation 's position in the world perspective .
Therefore , public transport has its own importance .
In order to avoid the environmental pollution , people should use the public transport . That will not only help to reduce the pollution , but also the extra expenditures for the petrol .
The government should focus for the improvement of public transport and must discourage the individual cars .
Hi Richard ,
Thank you for your money .
I chose this movie because it is my favourite cartoon and I can watch with my children .
Take the best care .
Lorena
Dear Peter ,
Thanks for your letter asking about the wedding .
It 's always great to hear from you and I hope that everything is going well .
In my country , the weddings are celebrated from Spring to Autumn .
If the wedding is in the morning , women wear short dress on the contrary if the wedding is in the afternoon , women wear long dress .
The food is varied .
I hope that 's useful .
By the way , if you need anything else , you know where I am , and I really mean it .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
Bye for now ,
Lorena
Bye for now ,
Lorena
Hello Jo .
Good I am going to throw a hand .
My advice to travel for Spain is that there are several types of transport but the most economic is the public transport , the most expensive transport can be the taxi , for example .
My advice of finding work , is a bit complicate because , nowadays , there are a lot of people without work .
But you can been lucky , because the summer is very near and the work increase .
Good luck !
I woke up knowing it was the most important day of my life .
I had expected that day during long time , it was my wedding 's day .
In the sprinter , he proposed to me in Cordoba , so I accepted excited .
We had a long love story .
I had met with my boyfriend 5 years ago , so I was sure that it was the most important day of my life .
I wore a beautiful dress and I well brushed .
Dear Sir ,
I 'm writing this letter to tell you about my work last summer at my local cinema .
I liked my work there so much .
It seemed like a simple job to me , but it was also a very stressful job at rush times .
In the morning , we had small groups of people and the rush times started in the evening .
Sincerely ,
Gehad
I 'm from Brazil .
Huang Ji Huang is located in the popular district in North Jakarta which many people call it PIK .
This a is China - based chain that is recently opened .
The place is provided private room and a karaoke room in one place .
Besides that , the public room is also clean and comfortable , but I recommend you to choose the private room to support our farewell dinner .
You can order a packages menu that Huang Ji Huang offered or you can also choose the ingredients that you want for your stew pot , but you must choose 3 until 5 ingredients .
Mala Sauce is a spicy flavor and it is very authentic and you will rarely find this taste in another restaurant .
But if you do not like spicy , you can also try the Honey Sauce .
After all the food is very tempted to try and the size of a portion is big enough to share with 3 or 4 people .
The price is cheap if you compare it with the service and the taste from the food .
Having a farewell dinner here is worth the money .
Every month , Huang Ji Huang always make a special offer from their cutomer , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give a 20% discount for customer who spend 500 IDR above , for a complete informatioj you can check it on the website or call the restaurant .
I used all of the things except two .
I did n't have the Internet when I was child .
And also we could n't choose programmes .
I played in the street and walked to school alone .
I'm thinking about what kind if things were more dangerous for me?It was so dangerous when my friends and I swam in the Tobol river .
We jumped into the water and caught crayfish .
When I remember that moment , I am exciting .
We have to help them , to show and explain .
Some people guess the nuclear power has a great value to produce power instead of the fossil fuels , such as : coals and oil , which are Not renewable energy .
Whereas .
The serious side of the nuclear power is the dangerous weapons that the countries try to own , which threat the peace in the world .
These kinds of weapons do not kill one or ten , but destroy a large town completely .
In my opinion , using the nuclear power is important with the great development in the humans life.the countries have to establish this energy and other sources to secure the power for people .
Hi Lucy ,
How are you ?
Yesterday , I was surfed the Internet and find on an amazing site www.bargainstime.com .
It was really by chance .
I saw a colorful pop - up ad and I decided to check it out .
I was in shock .
Immediately , I have done shopping there . I bought a pair of skinny blue jeans and a black tight dress .
See you soon ,
Martyna
In 2009 , Michel lived in New York with his girlfriend , Ann , in their own apartment .
But they were lovely and they decided that they would get married in 2010 .
in her apartment while Michel was working .
Ann dressed in her wedding dress .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My favourite way to travel is by plane because you are quickly in another country .
By train , you did n't will have always place for your luggage .
By plane , you can give your luggage in at the check - in or you can take the hand luggage with you . you can be always sure that you will find a place for your luggage .
Then you must travel by train or by plane .
BIG FISH ,
A VERY GOOD RESTAURANT WHOSE SPECIALITY IS " TAPAS "
Eating " tapas " is a very popular way of having a meal in Spain .
If you are not very hungry .
For more than thirty year in Nerja has been openend every day " Big Fish " , a traditional restaurant with a typical cook of the coast of Málaga .
With your drink , the first portion is on the house .
If you pay between one and three euros , you can choose little dishes of fresh fish and different types of salads .
The portion of prawns is very famous , as is the octopus salad , which is known by everyone .
The service is very organised and fast , although it might be in high season , you would not have to wait a long time .
For several decades , the population has been discussing arguments for and against GM food .
In the first quarter , we can see that sales rose , in the second quarter , sales went up , but in the third quarter , sales were unchanged .
It is the most popular sport in the world .
I enjoy play it , particularly because it is a competitive sport and because you play with a team and not alone , and this , for me , is really important .
Ok there are some fans who are n't good people , but the most important associations of football are trying to stop they and to abolish all bad things in football .
For all the people , I advise you to start to play or watching football , because , for me , it is a very good sport , but you can play a good football only if you really like it , because , first and foremost , football is fun .
As every year , on the twenty three of April , the day of the book , in my school all the student of fifth and sixth years of primary school do a short story competition and the winner have a gift .
Always the director of my school , who is called Michael , is the one who organizes this event for that the children can have fun writing his shorts stories .
But this year , Michael is organizes very evil because he does n't enough books for all the children and a lot of they had n't gift , so Michel had closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
However , some people are not care of the environment . That mean some people throw garbage away in the park .
I think almost everyone loves parks , because a lot of people go to the park and having lunch , picnic , do excersise , nap etc .
I think after eat something at the park then clean up after themselves is good .
Even though , do not everyone doing that , so how much the public office is care of the environment is important and this town is care of that a lot .
Every morning , some peasons are coming the to park and cleaned . up that makes us feel really thanksgratitude .
When I am walking around here I can see a lot of beautiful gardens and the roads are clean , so I think many population are care of the town as well .
There are many sports grounds , for example , tennis cort , football grounds and play equipment for child , so I think my town takes care of the environment . That makes everyone will be able to the in be best condition in both mind and body a for long time .
Espesialy , there are a lot of greens . These makes good health .
However , someone have to take care of them .
The town have to do that and I think in England there are so many greens all around , so a lot of people take care of these and that makes a good environment .
After I have been to live in England with my family , I have goton the feel very much indeed .
This movie is bases quote on quote on a " true story " , buts obviously director michael bay know for the transformers franchise puts a lot of hollywood into this movie , its about a bodybuilder named daniel lugo who decides to kidnap a rich guy and make him sign away all of his properties , which obviously its not a great plan that backfires on him , and eventualy police get him .
Its a great funny movie , especially for someone like me who enjoys going to the gym and lifting some weights .
Hi Julie ,
thank you for your present .
I love the T - shirt that you gave me for my birthday .
It is a very beautiful T - shirt because -shirt because I like the colour and the pattern .
My day in London
I went to London in April .
It was pretty warm .
My family and I got a great feeling as we landed in London .
We saw a lot of sights , like the Big Ben , which is the biggest clock in the world , and the London Eye .
To got to the Big Ben , we took the underground , but to get to the London Eye , a red bus .
I forgot to tell you something about homeless people .
A lot of people are homeless , which is sad , but maybe we can change it .
Old people and young people are benefit from sports .
My favourite sport is volleyball .
It makes my body healthy and strong .
Genarlly sports is growing our mind continously .
I enjoy playing it alone or with my friends .
my parents always support me to play what I like and
enjoy .
My favourite sport is basketball .
Of course , we do n't have 2 million balls for each student no we share with each other .
In school I always play with friends and never played alone and always my friends and I wins .
do you know why do I enjoy my sport ? I will tell you why . because when you play you have fun and interested .
I still watch it on Saturdays and I really enjoy it !
My favoutite character is Joey , who is a silly , innocent man .
It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our life , definitely families play an essential role in community structure .According to the experts , we ca n't create a successful society without creative families , and one another specific part of your life is a good partners surrounding your daily activities .
One of the main advantage of family is the recogniton you have been given in specific age , . Children required special attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family .For instance , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education , job and not adapt to society .
Moreover , families take an essential part in protect their members from bad atmosphere , and it probably reflect on their perfotmance toward country .leading to effictive , creative and useful civilians .
the last film I wachd was " the oders " . by it is a horror / suspense movie , I was really scared .
It is about a family ( the mother and her two children , nicholas and anne ) , the mother is crazy and thinks her children are allergic to the lightin general .
and the mother thinks she is lyeing . But after a while , she believe her and started searching for the intruders .
At the end , theintruders turn out to be ghosts that
Public transportation
I think nowadays it is more common that people use their car for their normal activities , but the statement that there ir no future for public transportation it is not completely true , I think that a lot of people use public transportation because it is cheaper and some people do n't have enough money to buy a car .
Another reason is that , here in Mexico , in some cities , you ca n't use your car in specific days , so if you do not have another car , you have to use public transportation .
I 'm a member on it and its goal that improve the positivity of our society by setting up projects that serves many people who really needs our help .
So , we have actually done 8 projects since i came in and i had a good feeling through helping other people .
we made our university proud , plus we helping people .
Now , we are over 180 members in this organization and the number is getting increase .
We need more of this type of organization cross the world and there is a lot of students ready for help and wishing for a chance to make our society a better place .
Does why , it is easy to believe that if things continue with this rhythm and transforming everything , in a closer future , of 50 years , everything is gon na be completely knew and different .
In the past , people were used to live in the instant without concerning about the future .
The lives of everybody were the same and just some of them thought that what they were doing in that moment would have consequences in the future .
But then industrialization comes and , with that , the technology , so ways of life 's started to change and everything start to go faster .
As I told you before , because of the technology , many things has become able in less time , and with the pass of the years , this tend to increase .
It also allows that researches can be share easily or , for example , you can get information about environmental problems that can affect you as we 'll so you can react faster and make some changes .
Another example of why lives are gon na changed completely in 50 years is because , also , that connection between others cultures make People concern more about her own health , the expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because everyday will be easier to see how much are we hearting the earth , so we will see faster the impacts that this brings to our life .
As a result , we will be need to change fast , to try to fix what we broke and star to rebuild in order to have that future or health that we dream of .
Least but no less , family perception , has being changed and for that time everything will be different because it will be the effect of the decisions that women are making right now about having kinds .
They are tending to work as much as men 's , so it is hard to have time for building a family or even some times is hard , too , thinking about getting married .
So that , maybe there would n't be a young force worker in 50 years and people will spend all their time and money in their hobbies , sports , self care and traveling .
I studied in Kuwait schools , after that I joined Damascus university , the faculty of human medicine , I graduated from it in 2008 with a very good grade , then I got the Master 's degree in laboratory medicine from the same university ( Ministry of Higher Education ) in 2013 with an Excellent grade .
Now I 'm working in voluntary works , like translation , editing in Wikipedia & others .
This premonition can not hold more true .
You get the convenience of traveling at your own pace and stopping when you please .
Someone has suggested putting warnings on some types of food and drink .
This suggestion is controversial .
On the one hand , society become increasingly fat and some kinds of warnings could be useful to remind them to eat clean .
On the other hand , it 's hard to implement this idea .
the aim of this report is to provide an assessment to relocate the current canteen of the campus to a location that would be more accessible for all the students , hence it will hopefully prove both , the profitability of the canteen and the relevant role it plays for all the students in the campus .
One day , a man called Jonas was standing in front of a mountain when he saw a big bird of prey .
While the man was climbing the mountain , the bird pecked at Jonas who , worried , did n't know what to do .
As all of us know , that today 's generation prefers everything to be their own .
An in the process of owning , we have moving so far ahead that a day will be there when we will strongly claim that public transport does not have any future .
It will automatically diminish its presence .
As our country is developing , there will be days were each and every individual will be self - reliant and would definitely prefer having their own vehicle to commute from one distance to the other .
In 1999 they 're some college friends went to the desert in their Holley , they have a camping to get a fun .
But in some day , tow guise with quad bike and they saw some thing wrong , and they sad " what 's that ? " , they sow dead body , they skared and run to ther camp .
The other frinds coll poles .
Polles came with a big investigation .
the investigation accuse them and investigate prison .
after two days , the poleas sow some boody in crime scene . The poles man ask them what did you do hear ? he was skard and puzzle over .
the poles man whs sham feom the gues and he was apologize .
television serves the multipurpose of entertaining and educating people.in order to cope up the competiting world and get recognized in the corperative world , one must strive hard , which in turn increases their stress levels .
Television has become one of the means to reduce the stress levels.besides providing entertainment , television has also become a source of information .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am waiting for your answer .
Yours sincerely
Well , I 'm Sebastian Vega and I 'm studying engeering sustainable development .
One of the things that I feel stressed about are the finals exams , because I have to study for all the classes and sometimes I am very confused with my notes .
To be honest , I take the finals exams like a challenge and it becomes exciting for me , and I think I learn a lot if I have pressure and the most of the times I have good grade .
Sometimes , I trust a lot and I have a bad grades so I feel depressed .
Nowadays , the public transporte is n't hardly necessary for our life .
However , a lot of cities have a problem about traffic , cause of this . The trouble that citizen do n't use public transporte such as autobus , taxi , or even the metro .
Moreover , it 's not only a traffic 's problem , but the transport is also in bad condition .
People are unpleasant because all of them have bad quality , so government ought to update it with new technology which protects the environment .
Now , the car price is very low 's cost so it is very easy to buy a car .
The recenty years before , a family had only one car , but today we have a car for ourselves .
Restaurant review
This restaurant is excellent !
It 's not very expensive and there are lots of choices on the menu .
The waiters are always smiling and they are very nice .
It is located in the city centre next to a big fountain .
They open from 11 am to 14 pm and from 8 pm to 10 pm .
The atmosphere is very friendly .
The food is excellent and copious .
The baking of the meat is excellent .
The wait is not long , only a few minutes .
The best place for young people in our area is without doubt the countryside with the lake .
Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .
In the summer around the lake there are so many concerts so you have the difficulty finding the right one .
leisure time together .
in modern day there is very little public transpotr are used , ganeral public prefer much faster and conveninece ways of traveling around.though the pulic transport are used in mager citys to avoied traffic conjustion , it is wlidly reconizge that public transport are eco - friendly .
Some public transports as trains do not contaminate as much as cars or motorbikes .
Many people said that public transport is not confortable , that s true , from my point of view , a bus is not so unconfortable .
In my opinion , public transport souldn't dissapear .
I like to spend time with cute little kids and cooking is my favourite hobby .
In the evening , I would like to spend some time with those kids by organising some indoor and outdoor games for them .
I would feel more energtic throughout the day If I have some busy or tight - scheduled work , I have come across your advertisement For this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every aspect , because I have a friendly move with people in and around me . I would be pleased to know for your positive reply .
My town tries to take care of the environment , but sometimes it is not possible .
Neither they do n't seem to take care of nature and all around it .
However , that is n't protected by the government and its institutions .
Besides , my town 's institutions have allowed that some foreign enterprises or corporations could to take our own resources without demand that they be careful with the environment .
This is clearly a symptom of how inside my town does n't care about any element of the environment .
Nevertheless , in the last decade , some neighborhoods have taken conscience on their context .
Recycle plastic , paper , cardboard etc , by the poblation of the most important neighborhoods of my town is a way to improve the environment .
In my opinion , this sport teaches us to be mature , because , in addition to set up the person physically , it instructs the mind .
Thank you goodbye .
Must people prefer large colleges more than small colleges for their many advantages .
First , the majors they offer are numerous and diverse .
In addition , it has a lot of facilities that serve students , like kindergarten that takes care of the children of these employees , university housing , a hospital the student of medicine can be application in it and it serves the people too , and a big library which has many books in various languages .
Besides that , it availability some services like transporting for students and faculty , some restaurants , and a mini - market .
In addition , the location of large a college is clear and in the center at the city , so that is it easily accessible .
In the end , large colleges admit largest number of students , so the student may do establishing friendships more with people from different nationalities , also it serves the community by graduating many students in various majors .
Once upon a time , there was a boy his name is Michael .
He had a very beautiful brown hair , Green eyes , and a perfect smile .
Someday , he woke up early at the morning and he go out for playing football before school , when he 's playing , he saw something running very fast and go away .
after school , he did n't go to his home directly because he wanted to check if what he saw at the morning was real or not , but he did n't find anything .
Next day , he woke up early too , not to play football but to take a look if this stranger will come back this morning . and he saw it again .
he jump from his bed to the street and walk to his way to see what he did every morning.when he walk after the stranger man , he notice that he stopped in every trash can in the street to take a look and go to the next one , and , guess what ? He saw Michael and run away also Michael was afraid .
Hi Michael ,
I just got back from a school trip to London .
It was very cool .
He puts them on Marie Tussaud in 1835 .
Hello John
Thank you for showing interest in being a part of our company .
We would like to give you six months time to scale up your skills .
My favorite sport is basketball .
I like it very much .
And that 's my happiest time .
Insufficient ESP teaching skills made teachers pull back to general English .
This becomes the concern of the employers , since it may impact on the students ' learning outcomes .
This should also become the ED UMM commitment .
FILM : LUCY ( 2014 )
A new substance , called CPH4 , bound to be distributed around Europe and the United States by which a plenty bag was set into her stomach having an illegal clinical surgery .
But everything became out of control for the criminals when one of her captors kicked her on her abdomen , the substance spilles through her body and she begins to experience a different state of consciousness in which she dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to almost 100% of his capacity .
During this time , she contacts Samuel Norma , PhD , the Professor of a University , to ask him what happens if a person reaches the 100% of his mental activity or IQ .
She 'll end up knowing the answer .
It is a gripping film , starring by Scarlett Johanson and Morgan Freeman in a quite good playing , that will you keep tense until the last scene and does n't leave you feel unpasible .
Nowadays , people are using their own cars instead of public transport , this effect is more obvious in big cities where the price of public transport cost more than in small cities .
You can use it whenever you want , and it 's not necessary to make a long queues at metro or bus stations .
With using the public transport we protected the environment .
If we will travel by car , we have more pollutes that with public transport .
Otherwise , the public transport pollutes less that the car but the car it 's very comfortable and not be hour hard .
With the car , I feel more free as I do n't depend to other people for move to the site .
I believe that in the future all transport will be with the public transport or , at least , with massive transport .
Recently , I saw the trailer of the film about vampires .
The film is called ' The Vampire Diaries ' .
It is about two men and one woman .
The girl is 18 years old and the men ( as it later turns out ) are vampires and they have over 100 years old .
One of vampires decides to return to high school .
There he meets a girl .
They are together .
Then there is the older brother of the boy ( vampire ) and he also falls in love in her .
All the action takes place in Mystic Falls .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He had to buy a present for his girlfriend 's birthday but it was Sunday and all the stores were closed , so he had to found a solution .
A few hours later , he was walking by a garden , and suddenly , he saw the most beautiful flowers that he has ever seen , so he picked them up .
However , flowers were n't enough , so he decided to think in anything else .
Several hours later , he found an open sweet shop and he bought some bonbons for her .
Finally , he had found the present and before the end of the day he ran quickly to his girlfriend 's house .
People tend to pick the junk foods as they do not get enough time for cooking at home .
University education is good for the students but they also need to learn industry - specific skills .
New skills like analytics and data management are in demand .
At university level , the availability of IT training , software and manuals provide an ever accessible source of information , that otherwise would not be at hand .
For example , India has a high rate of unemployment , hunger , poverty which leads to an immense embrassment of being Indian .
Nowadays , the internet represents the whole of the knowledge that people have collected over the centures .
So it provides a lot of interesting information , one example of which are about how works different machines what can be found at www.howstuffworks.com .
Also , the ' internet ' in our days helps to get information from all over the world , and if you wish to get involved , then go to the www.bbc.co.uk.These sites are a free way to find the most adequate information about actual events , both in society and technical life .
One day i decide o buy a news paper .
When i was arrived at home , i was started to read the news paper , so i found out from there that The International Student Magazine have to organize a short story competition , and I decide to call Michael to tell him about this contest .
After I decided to go with him at the contest , I was thinking to go at that contest next year to participate in and win that contest , so this year I was wondering how is the program .
I was waiting for Michael less then an hour , so I started to have a lot of emotions .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprised by what I saw .
It was awesome !
One Direction was in front of my door !
It was weird that Niall was missing .
Then , I asked them why he was n't with them and they told me : " We are on our tour in America and were singing at our concert in New York City .
" Golem " , as we all know , are magical creatures , made from mud and having black rocks for the eyes , which can be brought to life by a incantation .
I looked at them , trying to think of something to do and then I said : " Come on boys , WE are going to SAVE Niall ! ! ! ! "
We took all we needed and started the searching for Niall ... We went in all the caves in Los Angeles , but we could n't found them .
I could n't believe in my eyes , we had found Niall .
There are three main reasons for supporting my idea .
Firstly , for the long - distance journeys , the car is not as convenient as airport .
On the contrary , travelling by airport just cost your two hours , and you can go to your destination .
The time spending of taking airport is lower than taking a car .
The fee of buying a car and fuel oil is expensive for poor people .
Thus , it is important to use public transport , because it is much cheaper than a private car , and everyone can consume .
The great number of people using private car leads to higher level of air pollution , and the public transport is one of the best solutions for decreasing the air pollution .
Nowadays , public transportation is included almost all around the planet , We can admit that the transport revolution has been plave in the last century , but due to the globalization and technological development , the transport sector is always in a continuos transformation :
In the other hand we must remarque how the plane sector has been grown , currently is the most common way of transport for going away and that 's also means than the shipping factory has decreaced deeply , in order to let the plane market blomm .
Talking about local transport , we have a lot of choisses like cars , motorbikes , busses , train but also , as we were talking about , planes .
According to the information donne , the most used mode of transport is the car thus most of the families has one , but the public transportation is getting more and more common for those ones who want to preserv the planet and develop other alternatives more respectfully with the planet .
As we were talking , the new ecological movement is every time more powerful and charismatic , due to that , bikes are also increasing their role in the new age , there are also linked to the new fashion way to be hipster .
In conclusion , we are assisting to a new tend in transport , every time , they are faster and more developer , with the latest technology included , but at the oppossite case , we find also a contradiction , as we found an other trend for the tradictional transport which avoid the pollution in order to respect the Earth .
I agree that communiting by car is easier and faster than most of the public transportation ; however , there are serious problems that come after it ; the amount of vehicles on the roads keep increase and make congestion and pollution , which are far more severe than the inconvenience causing by public transportation .
Dear Jo
Then , if you want , we could go to the restaurant of the city .
later , if you want , we could fiand a job for three months , in my opinion , a good job for three months I could be as the waiter , because the waiter get much money in the three months of the summer .
also , I believe that a good job could be lifeguard , because , in summer , the people go to the beach and they need lifeguard .
If I were you , I would choose to be a lifeguard , because the lifeguard earn much money than the waiters .
If you want , we could go to the capital city of my country , we will go by the car because the car is cheaper than the bus or train , we could eat in the famous restaurant of the city or we could go to the cinema . Also , if you want , I could visit the medieval wall .
I am looking forward to see you .
Mobile phones are the most important thing in our daily lifeis the most effective method for instantaneous communication .
However , the extensive use of mobiles create lot of problems .
To begin with , now a days people are addicted to mobiles.for example , young people wasting their valuable time in mobiles .
Moreover , their concentration is reduced .
Another serious problem is people are creating relationships with an unknown person and this can leads to several issues including crimes .
To sum up , let people be aware about the drawbacks of phones and use it wisely .
Uncertain future for Public Transport
Public transport is generally is the transport system provided by the government for the general people .
This facility helps the general people in saving their money , because usually these transport are the less costly .
My favourite kind of sport is horse riding .
The first time when I ride on the horse , I was 14 , and since that time , I enjoy it very much .
When I ride on the horse , I feel myself much better and forget all of my problems .
I think that the horse is a kind and clever animal .
They feel your fear .
Alcoholism is a disease that affects many people in the world today .
In conclusion , alcoholism is a serious problem for all of the society .
Interstellar is a new Christopher Nolan 's movie which includes the participation of some Hollywood 's stars , such as Matthew McConaughey , Anne Hathaway and Matt Damon .
public transport has a big role in transportation specially in large cities like the Capital city of countries , using the car some times causes traffic jam if all person uses their own car , to avoid this , a good roadways is needed , also the cost of public transportation is lower than private transportation .
on the other hand , public transportation takes more time to get to the required station , because already public transport taking long path to go across more places and as more as peoples take benefits from it , and public transport is usually crowed and do not be on time .
for that reason , using your own car is more comfortable than public transport , you can travel when ever you like and where ever you want .
finally , in the near future , most peoples will be using their own car , because it saves much time as comparing with public transport and the time factor will be more expensive in the future .
Then I take a shower , have breakfast with my family members .
Everyone is in a hurry .
I leave home at 7:30 to take a school bus .
Sometimes , I am exhausted due to a hard workout .
My favourite day it is Saturday because I do not need to work or study , so I can go out with my friends , and on Sunday I can wake up very late .
Dyogo
it is an amazing sport .
when i ran with the ball , i feel that i hold a goal or a valuable something and i should offer my best to put it in his place and make it in the right way .
i know that i am not a professional player and i am n't belong to any team , but i like this game .basketball is so simple play but it is need Speed , concentration and The ability to determine the distances , it contains of two team of five player and each team try to get a high point by throwing the ball through the basket .
What I like most in this game is that The fewest number of player can play it , even two player , i recommend everyone to exert it , especially with their friends or families ,
In this episode of my life I will to talk to you about my daily routine .
I wake up early , like 7 am , at this moment , I go out to the backyard to turn on the boiler , then I go to kitchen .
Nowadays , people live in a very modern and fast society and try to have as convenient a life as it is possible .
Firstly , I would like to mentioned public transport 's types .
The most common are bus and train , but in the cities , people can use tram , subway or boat and for the long distance , they can take a flight .
On the other hand , people should think of the environment , pollution , global warming , which all are currently warning .
We should think of our better future and try to behave environmentally friendly - try to avoid the huge amount of pollution , which is by cars caused and do n't think only to our comfort .
In my birthday 's day , I directed go to school this morning . I wonder whether my birthday passed it at lunch time .
At this point , someone invites sing to me , after school , he / she and I went to dinner and went to sing .
To the KTV , they touched to me because there are a lot of people who had planned a birthday celebrate to me together .
After I finish to the home , due to I was so tired that I fell asleep and fell down .
The next day , I was reluctanted to rise and go to class .
Suddenly , I thought of my gift was gone in the class , the students said he / she did n't take it , but I doubt them , so we quarrel .
Ioffer an apology out of harm students , but fortunately he did n't got angry for me .
It is easy to make a boiled egg .
Here you are the recipe : First , bring some materials like : a pan , water , one or more eggs , and , sure a stove .
Third , let them boil on the stove for ten minutes .
Fourth , take the eggs out and let them cool for about five minutes .
Finally , to make it delicious there are some tips : if you like , you can put a little salt and pepper on it .
That is how to boil an egg .
Hi Peter !
Personally , I agree with your parents .
In the future , you 'll have to spend a lot of money for the university , the new home and so on , and I think you should start saving money . I should do it too , but it 's not simple , actually .
Everything seems so beautiful in the shops !
Silvia .
Actually , where I live , the public transport is highly used , It seems that in the near future they wo n't disappear .
In fact , in some countries overdeveloped may will extinguish because I suppose travelling by car is much cheaper and faster .
Now I have about 100 and will have more in future , I hope that .
Whenever I find an interesting book , I buy it immediately .
I classify them into different categories : manual , cookbook , biography , etc .
It takes all my spare time to clean and dust .
It keeps me amused for hours , too .
Public transport is more convenient than cars in , many ways.when we use public transport that benefits in many ways .
With public transport you do not need to worry about any petrol filling , checking tyre pressures , getting tired after driving a long journey .
In the future , cutting down public transport affects many of the people .
Elderly people wo nt able to drive and always depends on public transport .
As our population is growing fast , in a family both husband and wife are working and children at university are able to drive , so you are looking at per house least 3 cars , so imagine how busy our roads will be .
As now fuel price coming down , that does not mean that it will stay like that for ever , price go up and down .
In summary , public transport is important for our community and people has to raise their concerns regarding this .
Stopping public transport is not going to gain anything , rather than impact will be unpredictable .
Due to increased traffic may cause delays in arranged journeys , increase the number of accidents ... etc .
I think sport is a good exercise for need to exercise people , I have a suggestion for people that want to have good health , choose a interest sport and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it 's will be fun and health your physical constitution .
It was 8:00 o'clock in the morning .
Michael just had realized that he did n't heard the alarm clock , so he get in a panic immediately : - I ca n't arrive late at work .
He thought .
He jumped out of bed and had a quick shower , there was no time for breakfast consequently he decided to buy aomething to eat near the office .
After the shower , he bring his suit , but he had forgotten that he did n't do the iron last day , moreover he hasn't got any other ironed one so he did it quickly .
In spit of that , he was dessed up on time .
-Everything is in order , it seems that finally I 'll arrive on time .
Although it was n't true , he had forgotten to unplug the iron .
Michael closed the door and he knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Nowadays , basketball is the sport which rules in the USA .
Also , they think that the main reason for their preference instead of other sport which is more intense .
However they think that basketball is only a reason to meet all the family , friends ...
Furthermore , they give advice to those all novice on basketball " do n't ever lost the passion " , if because they give up , they wo nt play with the biggest players of the wolrd .
In conclusion , the real objective of the questionnarie consist on what the people think about the king sport of the United States of America .
It is the way I can unwind , because my study it 's stressful .
It gives me a sense of achievement , for these reasons , I would like to it do every day .
I love jogging because it 's a way to stay outdor , immersed in nature .
Since then , every year , i go in north Italy to practice .
There is a good restaurant in my town and I think you will like it .
It is a friendly restaurant with a nice menu .
You must try it !
I am sure you will have a fun time .
Greetings ,
Bob
public transport has advantages and disadvantages.i will start with the disadvantages .
first , public transport is neither comfort nor safe .
public transport is very crowded , so you may not have a seat .I hate public transport as I was attacked by a mad man once .also taxi is not a good mode of transport .I wish I have my own car soon to get rid of public transport . travelling with your car make it easier and better .
I am writing with regard that your service of outsourcing because I am currently having a problem with my accounted . For this reason , I am looking for a new service that can help me .
Can you say now , if you have this service ?
If you can have this service , may you are the people that I am looking for .
I would appreciate it if I could arrange an appointment with you to meet your service .
Please , feel free to contact me if you have any questions .
Best regards .
Rodrigo Andrade S.
I 'm a really sportive person . I love to different sports . I think that it 's something that is great for your body and your metabolism , Did you know that do exercise can reduce depression and increase the quality of your life ?
I think one of my favorites sports of all is the atletism I love it because it is a sport where you prove yourself , you have to be every day better than you where yesterday , it force you to improve every time , also is an exercise that help all your body , especially the legs , because it gives them great strength , but also your hands , because they have to be in a constant movement , and all the body in general , because you run and your metabolism is accommodated and help you to have coordination .
I recommended all the people who wants to run , that if you do n't feel like you 're improving , anyway keep going and whit the time you will see results .
I am not sure that mines is the best family in the world , but I am pretty sure that I have the best parents I could never wished for .
There is my mother , my father , my two brothers and me .
Sidi has 24 years old . And at least is Joni , who has only 15 years old .
Generally , I miss them all because I live in a distant city away from where my family lives now .
I used to live with them for 25 years a Genoa , but last year I left home because I found a job in Milan , which is the city where I actually live now .
Thank you for your attention .
The first two step is to design them with background color artwork and security issues and prepare metal plates with skilled machinists .
The qualified and nit damaged severely sheetes are supposed to be packagd and distribued , which will be cut into separate bank notes , packed and then dispatched .
On contrary , other failed sheetes will be disposal and destroyed with band notes in a secure way .
Once upon a time , a boy was six years old .
His name was Michael .
Michael lived in a big house in Denton , Texas .
When Lionel was around , Michael , the boy , was happy .
It was Six o'clock and he had to hurry if he would not want to get to school late .
Michael had breakfast and he forgot to prepare milk for Lionel .
Michel closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
One day , I had a surprise , I have met a teacher and he invited me to tranee in a huge gym in a team .
I started to think that I was born for that sport .
Sundully happanned sonething , I need to work to play my studuies in the High school , so the life changes anyway , I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I should need to study in that moment it was more important for me .
Today I do not play volleyboll anymore , but I really enjoy dancing , now I can say that it is my favourite , it is all of .
The hugest gab is in 1981 , where is the cheapest price was combined to the highest expanditure of cigarette packs in the whole interval .
Later , both lines changed their regular trends so there are an huge imbalance again .
Captain at sports is what I did in high school .
I am very pleased to help organise sports activities .
The world is progressing rapidly , day by day there is a new ways of transportation , there is a new technology .
So that , transportation was one of the most important issues faced human , because it is related to the interaction between people , like trading and many other purposes .
From this point every human have the ability to buy a car and also buy his rest , he will not hesitate to do it .
But we do n't know if this change would be good or bad , I hope that will be good , but let 's talk about it .
In conclution , i 've got to said that now we do n't have to worry about the future , we just have to carry on in the present and do it the better we can .
Anyway , I was guessing if you want to go to the cinema with me to see the new Leonardo Dicaprio 's movie , because I heard that action movies are your favourites .
My favourite kind of movie is horror , actually my favourite movie is " The orphan " .
It is very creepy !
Anyway , I hope that you come with me to the cinema .
See you soon .
Bye
Nowadays the public transport system are running out of passengers due to heavy use of personal transport such as cars and bikes.in early 1990 the public transport systems were the most popular trans port system across the world because , most of the peoples had not their own vehicle . but in the late 1990 most of the people were able to buy their own vehicle due to many financial institute which has various loan facilities .
today many people use their own vehicle for instead of public transport , the other thing is , it is an easy and convenient way to travel to the job and any other personal work . , therefore , it can be seen that the demand for public transport is getting low and lover .
In conclusion , it is true that the demand for the public is going down rapidly as thy have their own vehicles .
however , even though everybody has their own vehicles , they will have to use public transport once the roads are full of vehicles .
I have seen the following announcement in International Sport Monthly magazine .
My favourite sport is football , and I enjoy it because I love football players .
I had the opportunity to meet more about this sport .
I would advise you to the person starting the sport endeavor and can fulfill their dream , many ca n't get what they accomplished . Those players today are very famous .
You can learn with your referee and with a coach .
Some people prefer play together , but also there competition between players .
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think that this class discussion could n't be true .
In the future , people 's live had better .
Providing that we care about the environment .
It 's really important .
If we live well , we will be more carefully with the world .
Otherwise everybody wanted a future better .
Nowadays , there are a lot of things that we doing the live easier .
Besides , they said that in all the moment : ' Carpe diem ' .
I 'm Emad from Egypt .
she is working in a primary school .
my older brother is 30 years old and he is working as an accountant for a radio and television union in Cairo .
he is doing a master in turkey these days .
the last member is me , I 'm an Aeronautical engineer in Qatar .
I love my family , but everybody is staying and living in a different place or country .
the best brother for me is the second one , who is a dentist .
he is very helpful and collaborator .
I really love my mother and father .
Anyway , I i 'm very happy to write for you .
The expansion of public transport is one of the keys to saving the planet , especially if the energy source used come from clean sources .
Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Researches show that the private cars are used , most often carrying few person at a time , what makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances expelled to the environment each time that the engine is started .
A lady decided to visit her boyfriend .
But she is boyfriend live upstate and hasn't got a airport he 's of city because of that , she was need choose by train .
She was just prepared a suitcase . After that , she went to the train station .
In my opinion I think that the increase of teenage crime is because their parents do not put limits to them , and how not pay attention , so they make all kinds of serious mistakes .
From my point of view , the best thing the police can do with these people is send them to a reformatory until they can leave disciplined .
Another good option is to give them a difficult work for every day keep them busy , but I do n't know what kind of job it can be , because a person who commit a crime is n't going to do something to help society , like communitarian service .
I felt nervous when the phone rang .
Firstly , I thought
it could be one of my best friends as we really liked to have lunch together .
But I saw an unknown phone number on a display and felt a little bit nervous .
It went on ringing and , with great fear , I clicked on the green button .
Luckily , it was my colleague Jane , who wanted to drink a cp of fresh coffee with me .
The flowchat provides an overview of the steps of making bank notes , it shows that how bank notes are manufacted from designing to a thing we can used .
This process involves five main stages .
First , it should take some considerations in design , including background colour , artwork , security issues .
Next , skilled machinists is prepared , in which there are metal plates .
Then the printer will print some sheets into bank notes(50 bank notes per sheet).Subsequently , the technical must be used specially for distinction , for example , the colour printed on both sides , Special ink is used and imges slightly raised .
After this , printed sheets will be inspected carefully .
This is Iqra . I am from Karachi , Pakistan .
My hieght is about5.2 , my hair color is dark brown , my eye colour is black and I will be wearing jeans and a long shirt . I will be arrived at 20 past to 3 .
Describe a supermarket near your home
There are not very big Supermarket near my home , but there is a nice one .
It is situated in the main bolivar cross my home .
There are some big shelves in the center of the market that are divided to some different parts for different kinds of goods , like Dried fruit , nuts , flour , condiment , beans , grains , rice , etc .
Also , a section for Detergents , tissue , perfumes , etc .
You can see some store fridge around the market for Drinks and Dairy products like milk , yogurt , cheese , butter and cream . Also , chest freezers for Ice creams .In a corner , they sell cosmetics and a salesperson helps customers to find their required .
There is a cashier next to the exit door and you can pay by credit card or cash .
when you talk with someone , have you ever thought in your words before you say it ?
you must think a little bit before you talk as one word can causes a lot of pain for others for the rest of they lives .you may not actually notice that , but you will feel what I am really mean if someone tells to you a painful words .
for example , a kid named Michael .
Michael is a good boy and he always listen to his mother .on time , Michael was very angry as he got a bad score in his test .when he was home , his mother was cooking and she asked him what is the wrong ?
Dear friend ,
It was great to hear from you again .
I can understand how difficult this decision must be .
And I know which matter you 've always been interested in : music .
So , a good idea would be to keep yourself doing creative things .
As it 's often said : a good body makes a good mind .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you again .
Tell me what you decide .
Love ,
Anabel
It is slow , inefficient and dangerous .
I prefer travel in the car or by motorbike , i am feeling security .
In my family , we travel in the taxi , because the taxi is fast and secure .
Also , i can see the air pollution is tallest .
Compared car or bus , the car is the most expensive than the bus , because the car is comfortable and faster .
In the morning , I go to the school in bus with my brothers , but they get out earliest .
once upon the time , there was a little man called Michael , that man has a heart of a little child and the brave of a big man .
he had a girlfriend called sinha who was a girl with a big heart but , unfortunately , a broken one .
one day , Michael decided to make a surprise party to sinha to make her happy and make her feel his love more , so he arranged everything and , to keep it a surprise to her , he was busy all the time and did not show off all the week as usual .that make sinha worried and she suspect that Michael do not love her any more and know another girl , and she become extremely sad , and even it become worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to make the surprise to her but he did not answer his phone after that .
when he come she start crying and thought he would break up with her and she did not give him a chance to talk or explain anything . She started to cry louder and accused him of cheating . That make michael astonished at how she did not trust in him , how she thought that about him , and he told her that he can not stand that anymore , he would break up with her , and he left .Michael close the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
There 's no discussion which is my favourite restaurant in town , The Seaside . I will tell you why and also why it 's so appropriate for us , as a class , to take our last farewell dinner there .
Our class has reformed over the years , with great classmates leaving and coming . We have always been welcoming about it , and not at least towards the new ones .
It 's not necessarily to be nice and keen to everyone , but our class actually is , in the weekends , the whole class gather in different events together .
I think the welcoming process in the beginning is crucial for this fellowship we have today and probably in 10 years too .
What I just told is what the restaurant , Seaside , means to me . Welcoming .
Fellowship .
At the Seaside 's you are genuinely welcomed at the first doorstep , they accept you whoever you are .
It all started in the Parson Institute in the class of art history . Students of the race of Fine Arts . In the class the teacher in charge , Jimena , commissioned a task to his students , saying :
-To Begin with this course , I want to be sure they know the meaning of art , pro I want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , and with it you will explain to me what it is art .
After 4 days , they all came with spectacular pictures , portraits of people , large sculptures , to a student , her name was Sandra , she arrived with a piece of crumpled paper , old in which she only had a name written in a style different letter , only there reflected , exposing the moment everyone laughed at her for her work , but the teacher said :
Art is complex , and seeing that everyone laughed with the work of his partner , I can see that nobody understood the real meaning , since art is different for each person , each creates a different definition , so we must respect each of them understand that each person is a different world and everyone is art .
A student that really moved him , and reflect so apologetic , and went out of the room , closed the door , and Michael knew then that he had made a mistake .
In fact , this topic is very important in our modern times .
this sport is my favorite , but sometimes I think about to leave this sport . because in later time I hate a blood , so I think a lot of time to leave this sport . but it is dominated to me .
it 's makes me likes an animal when i 'm standing and get ready to fight . i 'm convert into the enemy.i'm a fucking ghost and I can kill anyone who tried to stop me .
so , i 'm rely thinking about left this sport .
Everyday i get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends.i'm exercising more and more again to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world.i'm champion in my sport , so , i 'm seek to do all my effort to be the first one in the world.finally I did not find encourage of my family or my teachers .
I am from spain so my foreign language is Spanish .
I start to study another language when I was a child , I started learning English , because every one said that English is the future language , when I finished my school time I tried to study French but it was so difficult for me .
I have to say that study another language give you more opportunities , because on these days you need to now other language to look for a work and be more inteligent than your college to take the work and that 's great .
And to day is necessary , because if you want to travel around the world and meet people and have conversation with their you need to now more than your foreign language , because in the rest of the world , and particularly in Europe , people now more than two language and that 's great .
I think learning other language never have drawbacks , because all you learn is good for you and your main , you never stop to now new things .
However , I do not agree with them , because in most part of the world mass transport system is still popular and they are environment friendly and cost - efficient .
It carries more people , while a private vehicle carries fewer people .
Public bus do not let more cars to contaminate the environment .
Finally , Public transport 's cost - efficient .
People need to spend more money on fuel if they want to travel to the same destination by private vehicle .
In conclusion , although the car is convenient to travel , it is not enough to finish the future of public transportation .
People have conciencied themselves that we need to respect the nature and the human places where we live .
Human beings have destroyed our environment along the time , and now , the earth is in danger .
The first place we need to care about is our near place , the town .
I like to take out the trash every night and I try to recycle my trash , throwing it away in different bags .
I hope to live in the future in a clean town and I 'm sure that the most of the people are now thinking in this way . We need to take care of our town because nobody like to place into a dump .
Military service is the military training which needs people have to join the army or voluntary service for a period of time .
In Korean , people should completed military service for at least 2 years .
Similarly , people have to join it for 1 year in Taiwan .
With supporters maintaining that it is important for national security and make people maturity , whilst opponents claim that the military service have effects on people 's study and people should have freedom of choice .
If the war or other dangerous threat the safety of a country , they can not get help from other countries immediately .
Therefore , people accept that military service could be an easier way to protect their country .
Especially some small population of country have a policy that is people need to join military service due to develop into a powerful country .
Secondly , the important for people to become maturity when they completed military service , which probably is a particular experience for 18 years old .
In addition to have hard physical training and get different special skills , people also can improve their personal quality in military service .
Military service mainly to improve physical , however study might be completed better in school at the age because it has a professional teacher team and a good study atmosphere , people usually find it easier to concentrate on learning knowledge .
Additionally , critics argue that countries are able to allow people to have freedom of choice for military service .
Relatively some people are unwilling to join military service , while some people volunteered in a military service and possibly enjoy it .
Furthermore , it also can respect for right s of people , especially for women who do not can adapt to the hard training .
In conclusion , it can be concluded that military service is necessary for national security and good for people to improve themselves .
The best course of action would be for government to attempt to allow people to volunteered in conscription when they have completed their studies .
This is danbi from ueecx13 .
By your favor , I can study at UNSW from the next year .
I live in a small city in the middle of Vietnam .
It will help people not throw the garbage in the street .
In our city , we have a billboard to urge people to have attention to the environment .
In the school set up a workshop to tell with students how important the environment is to our live .
The citizen of the city want to build the city with the slogan " The city is green - clean - beautiful " .
So they have aware of the need to keep the city reach that .
So everyone bring the trash to the place permission .
Every year we have " earth hour " .
In this hour , many people turn off the light in their house to save energy and protect the environment .
I am very proud about the awareness from my city 's people .
I wish have a lot of people around the world could see the important of the environment .
And they have to act to protect it .
I was in a museum of New York looking at all the beautiful paintings and sculptures , when I hear the alarm of the museum . Everyone was afraid , including me .
The police was chasing the bandit that stole a painting , but he escaped instantly .
The police let all the people go .
I went to my apartment and turn on my TV and I watch in the news that the bandit had escaped with 3 paintings .
I decided to solve the case .
In the night , I see a shadow entering the house .
We were on the terminal of New York . It was a very famous landmark .
There were a lot of commuters on the terminal so I lost the two men .
I was focal to them .
They threaten all the people cruelly , so all the sightseers were angry with them .
However , the modernization of the terminal was unknown to me , so I was completely lost .
We entered on a train , the ceiling was comfortable but everyone was objecting of the two men .
When we arrived , we were on the other side of the city of New York . The features were so common because it was a good economic and conveniently because it would attract more tourists .
I finally trap them . their names were Lucius Fowley and Bob Parker . I tell the police and the police put them on jail .
The watch shown the time is 9.30am and there were 2 hours left before he must go to the place that made his heartbeat so fast .
He have an interview for getting the scholarship so that he can pursue his dream of to study medical in Ireland .
He went to the station bus to ride on the bus .
After the bus arrived , he ride on and half an hour later he arrived to the destination .
After waiting for an hour , the time comes and , bravely , with a high confident level , he walke to the office .
Suddenly , his water floaded and tears drop from his eyes .
The situation suddenly changed .
Peter , without doubt hugged the intertiewer who is a man about 4o years old .
The man , who is crying together with him , was his father that have leave peter and his mom because they had divorce 6 years ago .
Then the interview became a meeting between a father and a son that was really touched .
Killed two birds with a stone is a perfect idiom to describe Peter 's situation , because he got his beloved father back and still can pursue his dream to studies in ireland.q
i want the job for the summer camp . i 'm looking for children between 8 - 12 years old . i will help to organise sports and evening activities and , if you want , i could work in the kitchen .
if i have the job write soon
I need this course for my new job .
I want to do this course , because it helps me to enlarge my vocabulary .
And I need your help with this .
Thank you very much .
Dear Teacher Mary
The chef can make the menu of the day to the dinner or you can choose from a special menu .
The purpose of the chef is soup and creamed corn to start , beef medallion covered bittersweet of carrot sauce with nuts and the dessert is chocolate cake with cheese .
the atmosphere is also very good . It has music in live with different bands .
you can choose from two bands of rock or pop and one dj .
The pack have a cost of $ 350 a person .
Nowadays , it is the most important challenge for television .
People complaint about how the information about different TV shows do n't contribute in the process of learning , that 's why many of This programmes are considered trash , because of the multiples shows such as realities , talk shows , or showbiz that hardly ever have a good message or something interesting for people .
Another good example are the endless showbiz that are appeared recently , this type of programs where the information is often gossip about the personal life of famous singers and actors without taking into count if they are true or not .
It 's a pity to know that exist just a few programs that try to educate people with the most update information through documentaries , investigations , cultural or opinion programs , which in my opinion help us to acquire more knowledge .
Knowledge that sometimes are unknown even though it is part of the general culture or proper of the history of our country .
When you drive your own transport , a car for example , you going to and from a specificlly place , but in a bus , you go to the bus stop and no to your house or school , work ...
It is better from the people to be more comfortable because you drive and not the other person . I know some people , the drivers , began haven't got work , but the public transport is free and is free because it is the government who pay , this money bacame do to make more work for others .
No all is good . Some people haven't got money and ca n't go to another place to another place and the pollution became more and more , it is a serious problem and the solution is only for the rich people , the solution is buy an electric car , the other solution , more economic , is for the government to give the money to the population to buy an electric car .
I do n't know what is better ; no public transport , or public transport .
There is no future for public transport , since everybody prefer to use their own car .
now time is valuable for every body nobody is bothered about money .
The traffic is very high in now days so it will be difficult to reach your office on time .
public transport is always crowded , so it is not comfort to travel on .
At last , only one person could be alive , even though those sacrificed had tried to escape this horrible result .
I can not find a word to describe this film easily , what can I say is you will be regret it if you miss this film .
This first reason is that all the actors shown their talent in this film directly and the audience can follow their steps and the story certainly , this essential element which also makes a big success to the film .
Besides , the attractive story line makes a lot of climax , so that everyone can finish this film from the beginning to the end and this creates the billion box office to this film .
However , I think the tools should be improved , such as the killer 's knife and the actors'costumes , the knife looks like as brittle as a handicraft , and I believe those are seconded - handed clothing . I think this is a pity to this movie .
What are you waiting for ? Go and check it out !
My wife 's name is Maritza , she is 30 years old , she is a beautiful and joyful woman , my son 's name is Rafi , he is 3 years old , he is a very handsome and fun child .
When you got the answer or solution , you can see that all the effort was worthwhile .
Our teachers are doctors and they are in charge of teach us about work - team , so it 's common that one / two people do all the work ... with this I want to say : is rewarding when our teacher ask something and you know the answer because you could study all topic .
I have experience to go to the hospital and it was too interesting .
There are n't other options .
First , it costs a lot .
Even though there are lots of different possibilities and scholarship , not everydoby can allows they .
It is a very useful experience in many ways .
You will learn better and faster than studying at home .
I did several school trips in the past few years and I 'm going to do it again for sure .
Hi Patty ,
My name is Lucia Pérez .
I live with my brother and my parents in a house in Punta Carretas .
I like going to the cinema to watch movies .
I love my cousin 's house , so I always visit him .
He is 16 .
The name of my Best Friends are Agustina , Emilia and Micaela , we are strange friends , we anre in 6º together and in that moment we bacame friends .
My name is Facundo Mendoza .
I 'm fifteen years old .
I like watching television , playing computer games and swimming .
My favourite types of film are science fiction , animation and historical .
My favourite film is Avatar because the effects are amazing and the sound is very good .
My favourite types of games are adventure , war , historical and horror .
I play online with any people from all over the world .
I went to a club for two years and I swam there for two years .
Sometimes I go to the beach and I swim in the sea .
I prefer playing football to playing basketball .
When your body takes in an insufficient amount of carbohydrates , the protein replaces the lack of carbohydrates to supply the body with energy .
Dear reader ,
My name is Andreas Miret and I am 18 years .
I am from Sweden but I have been living in Barcelona since I was young .
Nowadays , I am studying for a degree in economics at the University of Barcelona .
I have some experience working with children aged between 5 and 17 years .
Also , this summer i went to the United States and I was working in a summer camp .
Now our company is going to do multidimensional operation , not just focus on furniture , but also for home appliance .
In addition , we will adjust the company 's management direction in each department depend on the market 's reaction and the environment .
Like retailer ,
We have sold our products to the KA system for a few years , however , the products that we sold were usually popular consumer goods , it means cheat and we have no enter obstacles for other supplier .
In addition , it is hard to collect money from the KA system .
To make high obstacle furniture , like R - angle wooden cabinet , high gloss cube .
We will search the market demand based on our core products , also produce high - quality products .
For the factories , because the Chinese demographic dividend are not like before anymore , the low price and undiversified products should become verity and premium goods .
Focus on user experience , inventive , unique and our core products
Use this core technology to develop blow machine , air cleaner , iron , etc .
Besides , factories are keeping going on our professional items and service like , high glossy , auto painting and 4-side edge sealing , honeycomb board , etc .
Also , for our wire rack , plastic
products .
And still working hard to build our own brand .
Nowadays , people have a lot of afraid about contaminations of the Planet .
All governments are increasing their politic laws about this topic and also they promoted new rules in the daily life of the population .
According to the general world laws about the global world warm , each country has considered its owns arguments about it .
London is a good example , and Barcelona , too .
These cities do n't allow people to drive in the centre city , and the industry reduces its taxes if it 's increasing the politic nature .
My city is a good example , too .
The town major has offered to population a free bus .
I think , in conclusion , all people should have a good behaviour and an open mind and they and myself also should to catch more often the public transport .
My country is the best country in the world .
I love it so much .
Morocco is a kingdoom , like Spain and England , We have a king and princes .
My day in London !
I went to London in the summer .
I liked London , because there are a lot of great things .
On Monday , me and my friend Chrissy went to the Big Ben .
We had very , very good weather .
It was fantastic .
After we came back , I told my family everything .
Environmental changes are really need in the current situation .
The report explains how my town 's people taking care of my surroundings and to preserve this planet in a betterway .
Firstly , hyrid cars are only allowed to be use during weekends as result of this , most people do not using there cars all the week .
This attitude has reduced the enromous amount of smoke pollution from the pipes .
Many factories are follwing the regulations and not draining the harmful wastage in the water .
Secondly , Closed trash bins are provided to the people in order to collect the waste and recycling .
People come forward and utilising this bin effectively instead of throwing rubbish away .
As a result of this , the town looks clean compare to previous decades .
In addtion to that , recyclable waste , sell and the money will be given to the respective person .
This gives motivation to the public and they can earn by using the right way to dispose of their waste .
Example , free fertilizers , water pump failitiesand and pesticides .
Is summary , people taken many intiative steps and are moving forward to have a safe and attracticve eniroment surrondings .
My favorite sport is football .
This is a internacional sport because in all parts of world there are persons that they play it .
football is a fameous sport . You can whatch it on tv or yo can see it on direct.there ara a lot of level categories , the most fameous categorie is the first .
people that they play in this categorie are fameous althoug you can see them on tv.if you want to be a big football player , you must to practise more time and yoor life should to be healthy .
you must to care about your food and yours habits for you have a healthy body .
One day , an elderly foreign lady visited the country with no cats .
Goodbye letter
Dear Ms Cumings ,
How are you ? I am fine , .
Because you are the best teacher in the whole world!many of our class classmate really like you too!We know that you are going to teach at Discovery - bay primary school .My English result is better once you taught me . I really love you , Ms Cumings!your friend Ms Decock told me that she is going to Australia , and I love you two both . I hope you that you will come back some times !
Love , Qiana Kam 2014.1.9
The graph given shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream from two places at an Englishl seaside resort from 2012 to 2014 , they are , separately an ice - cream van and an indoor public swinmming pool .
As the graph indicates , the sales at the ice - cream van was generally larger than that at the indoor swimming poor .
Each year was nearly the same .
For indoor swimming poor , its sales did n't have large changes , it usually saled about 2000 - 3000 dollars ' worth for each season .
Both of them were young , beautiful and naive .
She put her cup of coffee on the windowsill , hooked up the brist on her beautiful little breast , put right her colourful light - minded skirt , took her orange scarf and red little handbag and went to the door .
He stood up near the open window , smoked and looked at her without any words .
When she said good - bye , he just nodded .
When she looked at him from under her long eyelashes , he turned away and stared at the landscape outside .
Nowadays , we constantly use means of transport to go everywhere so that our lifestyle .
Society depends on them .
We are used to travel by car , and , in fact , each family has one .
Despite this , travelling by public transport can be a better option in so many cases .
Certainly , cities will be crowded in the future because the population is always increasing .
Besides , the price of petrol is increasing too , and it is likely it will be as expensive that most people will not be able to afford a car .
Finally , goberments and society are concerned about the environment and I consider that they will decrease levels of pollution and co2 emitions .
From my point of view public transport will not disappear , even if cars are much more comfortable , faster and more evolved than now .
Time is precious .
The life is divided up to terms of time , we live through time , we grow with time
till Now , we talk in time and , finally , we perish after time .
The world change by time .
Time never stops and does n't wait for anyone .
once a moment is lost , it is lost for ever .
it can never be regained . Even the strongest monarchs have been helpless to prevent time .
So we should be careful about the importance of time .I hope to not waste it and to use it as the best use of it for giving opportunity for rising .Those who waste it , will be left behind and they will fail to make a mark in their life .
The great men and successful guys became fame and rose by a suitable use for time .They a are guide and a source of inspiration for a new generation .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either help you or agonist you , and in the popular say is right that say : " do n't delay the work of this day to the next day " because our works will accumulate . Then it will become more hard to finish it .To ensure the best use of time in our life , we need to be punctual.punctuality avoid tension and trouble things , finally , even scientists have another vision about time , they discover that time is the fourst dimension by relative theory , which exchange all concepts in science .
I ca n't say I expect that time will be more important in our life and we need to save it .
My town is very small .
In my town , we can see a big swimming pool , five parks , four bares and one state school .
in my town , there are a lot of old people , and there are nor much children , because they love in other cities .
I love my town , because , when I was a small girl , I went there , and I was with my grandparents , my cousins and my friends .
Dear Amanda :
How are you ? I am fine .
Next month , I am going to go to our town .
Will you be able to go ?
It will is fantastic !
oh ! my brother , David , is going to get marry ! Sorprise !
I wish that you will be able to go to the wedding .
I love you so much , my dear friend .
The diagrams below show how bank notes are made through four steps and how bad shees and notes are disposed of .
Thirdly , they print the sheets of bank notes(50 banks notes per sheet)with special ink , where colour is condidered on both sides and images will be slightly raised on the bank notes .
Most importantly , they manually inspected on each printed sheet in case that there would exist damaged sheets .
it is An egyption movie acted by khaled aboelnaga and some young actors . the actions of this film took place in Alexandrie , a city of Egypt , and it talks about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they did n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
that sort of bands is famous between the youth and they call it " under ground bands " .their songs give a big concenet to the political and social stituation in Egypt and they become famous after the25 january revoulation , why I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society , there is no chance for the youth and if they found it , they face a lot of problems to save it and they did n't find time for other activties , and in sometimes they worked in thing which they never learn from or love .
I live in a small city , then there are a few things that my town made for the environment : like the recycling , therefore we must know of what is made the material that we throw , and put them in the right dumpster .
This is a little act for us , but if we all contribute , it will be a big help for the environment .
We also can use appliance that do not consume so much , if we can adopt sustainable electric systems or buy organic products .
In the big cities , they have began to build green buildings , they use the electricial public transport in order not to pollute .
In my opinion , there may be many rules , but if we do n't respect it , we will not help our habitat .
I woke up very early .
I catch the bus and I waved to my mum .
Then I talked with my friends about our holiday .
After six hours , we had lunch on a fast food restaurant to France .
Next , we visited a famous aquarium where I looked a lot of fish .
It was interesting !
On the evening we had dinner on a particular restaurant and my friends and I did many photo with a famous sight .
The days after , we were in a parfurms and I bought a present for my mum .
In the end , my friends and I jumped into the sea .
It was crazy .
I will never forget this experience !
The cat LOZAH
He bought a cat .
I called it LOZAH because its color was like an almond .
LOZAH is four months old .
It is female cat .
LOZAH plays with balls and ropes .
That is funny , but makes me nervous .
The LOZA cat is Shirazi type .
The nice sleeping of it is when it watching anime .
It plays with children very well .
when the children went out , it became sad .
I love its soft hair .
It eats chicken , tuna , milk and cheese .
Dear Bob ,
my firs job was as a baby sitter .
The parents of these boys were friends of my parents .
I have been the baby sitter of these children for all that summer and I enjoyed myself so much with them .
This experience helped me a lot because I become much more responsible , not only with these boys , but also with my brothers and sister ( I had two brothers and one sister)and I have learned the meaning to work and receive money .
I did n't have problems because the children were quiet and respectful , and also because I had known them since they were newborn .
Have a good work
cla '
I grew up in a one - parent family .
Sometimes I felt that I was alone and not loved .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried all her best to keep my older brother , my older sister and I for completing our college studies .Of course , my uncle , young brother of my mother gave a big hand to go through the hard times , so that made us often help each other in my family when the member who was in hard .
I had truancy and did not pay attention to my studies .
That was really the biggest harm to a hard - working woman whom my mother who tried all her best to feed me up and help me complete my studies .
I do really thank my mother and all the members of my family for paying the patient and exertion to me .Now we have a great relationship with each other and treasure the happiness we get not so easy .
So , are the members of my family my best friends?I'll answer you : there 's not much better answer than Yes !
How my town takes care of the environment
First of all , let me to introduce my town . I live in Kabul city the capital of Afghanistan .
This town is located in the central zone of the Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) space , and has more than seven Million populations , the economic and security situation is not suitable and these factors have a directly effect in to the carefulness of environment .
The municipality of the mentioned town is collect the garbage Form Street and roads and shipped to the
Fortunately , Kabul is structured by Mountains and have mountainous climate , approximately this town have 15 ( mm ) Raining per year . The remarkable Agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect for the Kabul 's city environment and producing Fresh air for the citizens of the mentioned town .
There is no future for public transport .
I agree with this point .
More people are using it and it is getting rush .
It is creating a lot of troubles by standing on the edge of the buses and metros .
Doing sports is my hobby because I find it interesting and it makes me healthy .
Actually , there are a lot of kinds of sports that I like , but the most interesting sports for me is football .
Usually , I play football with my friends in a stadium .
This is an opportunity excellent for me because I want to work like an English teacher .
I studied in an English school and have been learning English since I was a child , my teachers were all natives and I practised my English with them always .
After , I studied to be an English teacher in the university of Extremadura .
I am an English teacher now .
I like the children and working with them .
They are very good pupils .
I love be with them , they help me to do my work , they teach me to be a better person , I have more patient now and I know now to be happy .
I live alone , so I cook always my own food .
I think that I am the right person for your job because I have all that you are looking for .
Selena López
My favorite sport
There are so many sports in the world , like basketball , baseball , running , yoga , swimming , and so on .
volleyball .
First of all , exercising can make you
become more healthy .
Third , when I
Finally , I am good at playing badminton .
Playing badminton can do lots of great things for you , expect good for your health , it also can make a lot
of fun and you can play with family or friend happily .
It seems to me a complete sport , because you can practise it in pairs or in an individual way .
To be good at badminton you need to prepare yourself in a physical way but also the psychological part is very important .
You have to be able to play for a long time , to analyze your opponent 's mistakes to win and to have the measure about your energy for no to be exhausted before the match is over .
For someone who is starting this sport I would give just one piece of advise : enjoy yourself .
Because if you are trying to win , you will lose the most important thing , to discover how wonderful to play a sport could be .
now days young people are influence towards the western culture , so , they are getting more fashionable.youngster are interested to wear different stylish and colored clothes.they are happy with wearing different color clothes.they did n't want to wear our cultural dress , such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more.they only like to wear shirt , pant skirt , t - shirt and many more.youngster are influence by watching different programmes on television .
Sport is an important part of my life .
Two years ago , when I was still in school .
Many classmates went to different sections of the sport .
One day , my friend invited me to karate .
He gave me 3 days to think about it .
I decided and went .
It was strange , because I never went to the sports .
From the time I started going to karate .
After After one month , my instructor told me that I will go to the competition .
The day of the competition arrived and I came with others to show how I 'd practiced .
Then instructor said my name and I went out on the Tatami.when I left I had a special feeling ; many people look and clapping .
It took 3 minutes . I won with three accounts too .
I . I was very happy because it was my first competition .
After the end of the competition , we were all awarded medals and certificates .
Then as always , they sounded Kazakhstan hymn .
This time I felt like a Champion . It was a really especially feeling .
Sport has given me a boost of vitality , energy , and optimism and strengthen the immune system .
The day before , there were the qualifications , that I passed .
The day of the finals , I was so nervous , but determined .
Eventually I placed 7th for both beam and floor , and after we took the photos , I go back to the changing room .
When I left , some girls were out of the dressing room with a sheet of paper and a pen in the hands and they asked me for an autograph .
I was really surprised and happy , I would never have thought that could happen !
You need butter , flour , sugar , eggs , vanilla and chocolate .
Mix the butter , eggs and vanilla .
Baker them for 15 minutes .
Dear Mrs. Morgan
I need the services for a year , so Can you provide those services ?
Thank you for your help and I hope you will find the best company for me .
Yours sincerely
Alejandrina
As the technologies world is moving fast , and the auto mobile industry is also coming up with new variant of cars & scooters that work in very economical way .
Buying cars and scooters are more convenient than in the last decade .
In a few decade people 's earnings and living style have also changed .
People now buying cars and scooters as per their convenience and pocket .
Earlier people used to use buses , taxes , autos for reaching offices , schools , colleges , shopping etc .
Which was a time - consuming and obliviously cheaper way of commuting from one place to other .
Since today worlds is a time - saving world , hence people do n't care about their pocket .
If it so their will come a time when single people will not be interested for public transport .
This has a tremendous impact on other aspect .
Fuel consumption has increased in a few years .
Net of cars and bikes is the reason for heavy traffic jam every side .
Ratio of road accidents has been increased in a few decades .
People do not even care about safety parameters while driving on the road .
I must say that Public transport is a life line in today 's worlds .
PUBLIC TRANSPORT
Nowadays , we usually travel very often to many different places , so for us , it is more comfortable to travel in our cars , but for the atmosphere and for our wallets , it is n't .
It will be a great advance for people and for the atmosphere , and as well for the countries because we will save a lot of money .
I recommend you to use public transport .
There are many good reasons to say that .
Secondly , although the friendship and love are the most important feelings , the family structures the person and influences their behavior .
I feel about my family in a different way from my friends .
Although I have a good relationship with my parents , I could n't think of them like friends .
Some people think that this is possible , but I disagree because it confuses roles in the family .
The parents have to give education to the children over obviously , love .
In conclusion , I think that the two relationship are different .
In the public transport , you do n't have your own sit so sometimes you travel standing up , which is not very comfortable , and in winter you do n't have air conditioning , so if it 's cold in the outside , it 's cold inside the transport to , sometimes you have to travel with sick people that can transmit you the illness .
Otherwise the public transport do n't pollute , but the car pollute so , for us , travelling by car is better than travellng by public transport , but for the atmosphere , it is better travelling by public transport than travelling by car .
My bedroom is light and modern .
There is a stereo system on the bench and scareted around the room there are a lot of puppets .
There is a clothes hanger near the window and the curtains are yellow , green , blue , violet and white .
Hello , my name is habiba jahid I am fifteen years old and I live in Egypt .
I like English very much . I like learning new languages and things .
what makes me like learning new languages is how it makes me communicate with others easily , I also like traveling so much , as it makes me see new places and learn more about other countries around the world and their cultures and traditions . However , I do n't travel outside my country because I am a student and I do n't have my own money which I can spend it on what I like .
my dreams when I grow up is that I will travel alot around the world , marry a romantic , funny person , have a good life and be a good mother like my mother .
Years ago I was very worried about how will happening in the future .
Nobody cared how we lived .
But , in this moment the people think different , and is to start to help the world and .
Contamination is a big problem for us and the planet .
In the past , the people bought thing , and they did n't care how is dangerous for the planet .
Also , TV , radio , the internet , big companies has adverisement for helping the planet .
Moreover , schools since kindergarten is educating for clean the planet , simply by doing things like separate the garbage .
Obesity and other thins about help , is a topic very important because the people is dying for this problem .
To turn to , alredy people cook the food in form organic o with products more naturally without chemical .
But this kind of food is expensive and the people can not buy it .
The technology is advancing very fast , in the best way . This is good for us because we wiill do a lot of thing .
Maybe , in 2060 , we will be able to go to the moon very easy , like go to Europe .
Also , the cars will fly , and maybe that is better for the city .
In conclusion , I think that we are on track for the next years .
Compared with the past , the people is more conscious and is worries for the world .
As a result for that , we going to have a better life , more healty and clean for the next years .
I hope to continue in this way because it is our future , is our life and we have to take care of it for have a good and happy life in the next years .
No one can deny the importance of the public transport , but actually this importance is turn to private sector transport .
And this importance of private transport is because private transportation provide a comfortable mean to move from one place to another , also it is help to keep a time and reduce costs which spending in public transportation .
firstly , that private transport provide a comfortable mean to travelling from one place to another without sharing with stranger people a way and , by using this kind of transport , is also comfortable in free with choosing time of a trip .
Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or moving from one place to another without wasting a time in waiting for a specific time to move or even waste a time in waiting for a public transportation vehicle to reach all the point it should get it , but in the other side when you have your own transport or a private transport , is get a right to choose the time of your trip or when you want to move or stay , and nowadays , we can not afford to waste our time in taking public transport .
To begin with , the Li Ren edition of the dream of the red chamber have 120 units .
In comparison with the Li Ren edition , the three children 's editions have something dissimilarity in plot , title , topic , character , language and so on .
Besides , an adaptation is connected with the Li Ren edition .
It can help readers to feel the culture and traits in the Qing Dynasty .
This graph shows people from India , Pakistan and the West Indies who entered the UK , from 1940 to 1970 .
People from India and pakistan , came the UK significantly increased by around 10 times in 1970 , compared to 1940 .
Also , you can see how they prepare your food in front of you .
All the place was surrounded by a nice and warm atmosphere .
Before this day , I was frustrated , so it brings a happiness in my mind .
Very luckily , a beautiful girl sat on my bench .
With talking with her for a few minutes , I become too happy .
In fact , I fall in love with her at first sight .
So I was just thinking about how to convince her .
there was no other option for me . i just want her . during the exam time , i was thinking the whole time about how to communicate with her .
When the examination is over , again , I started to talk with her , asking her how was your exam .
She told me not good at all , but my was good and she also added that you may got the chance , and finally I got it .
After three days later , our result has been published and I got the chance but the girl did n't .
I expected if both of us get the chance , then it will be very good .
But , alas , ! my dream did n't come true .
When I was returning from syleth , I called the girl and talk to her and assure her that I had got chance in university , but the girl says that she knew it .
Hi Duncan ,
How are you ? I hope that you are well .
Please , give my congratulations to your cousin .
It is all very religious .
The food is always in a big restaurant where we eat the best food of the city , I recommend you to come to a Spanish wedding .
I think that 's all , I hope that it will be helpful .
Best wishes ,
MARIO
Hello , i 'm Arnau and I am twelve years old , I live in Manresa ( Catalonia ) , I am very hardworking in the highschool and I 'm funny and very talkative and I 'm not freaky .
I am very tall ( 1,71 m ) , my face is normal , I have brown eyes , and black hair , and my nose and mouth are normal .
I 'm really into Ps3 , especially Fifa 15 , and a fan of riding a bike , but I do n't like computer games , they are very boring , but I like chatting on the internet with my friends , sometimes I like playing on my Ipad .
In my free time I watch TV , I play PS3 , I ride a bike and I sometimes play football in the " camp municipal de la mion " , and my hobby is running in the afternoon with my father . I spend money on clothes and I sometimes spend money on PS3 games , but I spend some money on my bike .
I really love languages ! ! ! ! !
The most beautiful museum in Mexico
Now , It is the holidays and we need or we want to meet the places around the country .
Well , I will explain in this article about one museum that is considerate : " The Best in Mexico " , but why ?
The answer is simply ; this museum has many types of momias .
In 1810 , there have been a war for indepedent of Mexico and many people were fight with other people ; for example : Miguel Hidalgo is considerate : " The father of indepedent " and he was to fight with the monarquia Spanish .
He gave the arms to all the whole city .
You should knew about the prize for coming to the museum is very cheap : ( $ 15.00 ) for an hour . If you want to stay more time , the prize increase in $ 10.00 .
The museum is the most interesting place in my country because it describe our history about our country .
If you want to take photos the way free you can done .
Finally , you can enjoy the museum with all the family and you can invite some people from other city or other country .
Article written by Martina Alejandra Montero Pascoal .
Magazine : " OUR COUNTRY " .
Football as a favourite sport
I have been an arsernal fan since 1999 .
I love Arsene Wenger .
Buying cheap football has wretched arsernal team several times because of the lack of experience of the cheap player .
The World cup unites the world .
Football is indeed a union .
mine was shuttle and I am really enjoyed it when I was playing .
it is one of the best exercise for the body who will want to become thin .
when I am in the court , other side participants are fear take off my service ball and I am very at my position to cover the entire court .
coming to the infrastructure of the shuttle , it is all about the cock and the bats .
the court contains 2 players or 4 players , depends on the court .
and the court contains one net in between those players .
if that cock touches that net , it counts as a point to the other team , who can receive from the cock .
Due to this reason , Taiwanese parents do not want their kids to start behind others , thus , many kindergartens have started to teach children English .
And it 's sooo bad .
About 9 degrees , I guess .
Yep , it 's our weather .
Nobt all of Russia is always under snow .
he went through the park where children were playing around .
everything seems so fine , and nothing is wrong , anyway .
Michael is a college student majoring in music .
he love music so much that he turn down other courses , just concentrating in music .
Michael may become a great musician someday .
Michael saw a homeless guy on the street .
after all , he changed his mind , and he turned back to give the guy some money .
he thinks that he did the right thing , then went back home .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Television is one of the most useful inventions of the modern world .
In my opinion , it is dependent on that , what we buy and with who we go to the shopping .
Shopping with women is nightmarish .
They always run in the shops and ca n't choose anything .
No future for public transport ?
why do we use public transport ? Some of us use it to save money for not buying gas or because they ca n't buy a car or if they had problems in their cars or they do n't have the mood to drive .
Now a days with technology , we have different ways to transport like hoverboards , skateboards , and maybe it makes No future for public transport .
Another point is that we have our own cars and it 's more comfortable , I do n't have to wait in line to buy tickets .
I do n't have to be late for the delays , I can do anything in my own car . I can put music on , I can drink , eat , speak or wherever .
I do n't have really an opinion , I just do n't know.we will have to wait and find out .
My Favourite Sport .
We are living in a rush world .
All of us have to choose some activity .
In my opinion , it 's have to be like brushing our teeth .
We do it for hygiene !
My hygiene is running , or the more familiar word is Jogging .
Run Forest Run !
It is the most simple form of activity .
Jogging has existed since the beginning of the earth .
I can say that it is the most natural move for human .
All that you need for become a Runner its motivation and a plan .
That is what was happened with me personally .
But I had never before have work our Jogging .
So for finish the competition with pleasure , I needed to work out a plan , witch is diary day by day about our jogging distance , time , and mood during our work out .
First of all , it is absolutely minimum , you just need boots for run !
It is one main condition , the rest of your dress are not important .
Shoes are for protect and prevent your health , you have got only one body look after them .
My advice is : eat a lot of vegetables and fruit , drink plenty of water and run at least 3 times per week .
I will tell you a review of a thriller , the thriller is Hunger games . It is about some capitals and people are choised and play on a game , you have to kill persons for they do n't kill you , is a movie that have suspense , because you want to know ho survey , in the movie , someone love someone and they protect each others , is very cute , but on the 3 movies they are bad moments with the family , capitals , Friends , etc .
I would like to explain about the my favourite sport , cricket .
We can enjoy cricket with our friends by playing cricket and we can also have fun , entertainment .
Playing the cricket will also gives physical exercise to our body.we can bowl , batt , field in the cricket , which requires a lot of physical activities .
I can give the advice to the people who are interested in the playing cricket . They must know the all rules in the cricket before playing it .
My bedroom
My bedroom is n't very big and is untidy .
There are two desks with two computers , two chairs and two bookshelves with my brother 's school books and mine .
There are three bunk bed next to some wardrobes .
There is a big window with curtains .
My favourite sport is tennis .
This sport is very famous all over the world , but in Italy it is n't very famous , becouse in Italy the soccer is more famous than the tennis .
If you start playing tennis you go to a famous tennis club , or you choose the best tennis mister , who will introduce you to the tennis and you will learn the shots , including the forehand , the backhand , the smash and the service .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
In 2 hours , Mary 's plane was leaving and he had to go to the airport to stop her from going to Scotland .
He had to tell her she was in danger .
It was a cloudy , rainy day and there was a lot of traffic .
My favourite sport is soccer . I like to play soccer because it 's a great sport .
It is great when you are in a cup and goes very far in the tournament .
If you are going to begin playing football , you need footballs shoes . You also need protections for the legs .
If you are starting this sport , you need to think it 's funny to play it .
If you do n't think it is a funny sport , you would not go it .
The best thing about football is that it 's a fun sport to play .
You should not play the sport just because you 're friends are doing that , do it because you like to play .
Dear Sir/ Madam ,
I have traveled a lot and I have a lot of knowledge about travel .
As well , I graduated a Climbing course and I have practiced climbing since I was 12 years old .
I love to travel and I know that I was born for it .
I have worked for a few diffrent companies and asocations in the past .
Usually I was a voluteer , but I also was a part of a few European Project where I was paid for my work .
As a person , I 'm friendly and I like to do my job .
My best leisure time activity would be hang out with my freinds .
Hi Alex , I could n't wait until I to see you
I really think taht we should go to that new centre that you wrote about in your last email and do some of the activities .
I would prefer to do the sailing on the river , because as you know , I never learn how to ride a bike .
But we could also try the climbing , but it would be better if we could cimbing outside , in the countryside .
Perhaps on Saturday night we could watch a horror movie , as we both love horror , or a comedy .
However , if we are not too tired at the time , we could go out .
I will really like it if my parents could take me to your house on Friday evening , but I think that we have a party that night .
See you soon .
The future of public transport is one of the key issues large cities have to face .
Citizens want , at the same time , efficient and quick means of transportation , personalised solutions to meet their transportation needs , and the cheapest transportation cost .
I have some to tell you .
I used to live in Cancún but for my job I had to changes mi city .
Emeil me soon and let me know how you are getting on next holidays .
See you soon . Kisses .
I think that public transport is much better for the enviromment than the private transport .
If the people travelled more often in public transport , we would n't pollute so much .
I think that public transport is the future , because many countries will have to allow the entrance in their towns to private cars for stop the CO2 emissions to the atmosphere , in order to protect the planet and the health of their citizens .
So I do not agree with this afirmation , in mi opinion , travelll by car is much more expensive and harmful to the environment than using public transport .
-Are you ok ? - She says , a little bit afraid of his forthcoming word .
-I'm sorry - he repeats again , but more serious and with his normal face - Is cause , well it , is my first kiss ok ! , I can fight with Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headed snake and everything that you can imagine .
Elizabeth apparent to be a very sweet girl , but Jason is not convince , because when he kiss her , he does n't feel nothing , he does n't feel that gravity disappear , and when his face turn red , he just put a face of horror and surprise , like if she was very sorry about kissing him .
Almost at the same time , they kissed .
-Hey , do n't run Snow .
- But it 's very late Margarita , OMGG ( Oh my green god ) , it is very late . I 'm goanna die .
They stop in a dressmaker 's market .
- What kind of information ?
- Prince Jason is here .
- Prince Jason ?
- The prince of blue city , he is very handsome , and his family has military studies , thereby he is the second more perfect guy in the world .
-ja amm second ?
Yes , the first one is the " Duque of Venomania " .
- I 'll tell you later .
When they enter in the dressmaker 's market , Lucresia was n't there .
-This dresses are made of textile fiber . Almost everything here is synthetic and portable for everyone - explain Snow .
-Yes but for what ?
-For the dance in the green palace .
- But are you sure ?
-Yes , just wait . In a fraction of a second , you are ready .
My favourite sport is running .
That is the reason why I love running so much .
Moreover , when I was running , I can think through a lot of thing about myself or how to solve some of the problem from daily life .
Since technology and the standard of living are improved , many people left the traditional habit in using public transportation and choosing car for several reasons .
As we know , public transportation has not a direct way to fulfill our all destinations then it force us to stop in many stations first , moreover we should take the other one to reach our destination , so it is already obvious why using a car is better .
Secondly , public transportation is usually very crowded and make us not feel safe , since there is an opportunity for us to be theft .
Then , by car , we can enjoy the scenery , share a laugh , change our destination by sudden and many more .
Since cars are affordable nowadays , a family can have more than one . That make the number of car growing rapidly , but they do not think further about the negative side effects that a car has .
Firstly , it leading us to global warming , since the concentration of pollution are higher in many countries , moreover actually it is not only leading to but also make global warming faster and also can threat our health .
Then roads are more crowded right now and there are so many traffics so people wasted longer time in the road , then it makes one of the positive points of using a car is gone and the importance of public transportation is needed .
While in the statement is written that public transportation will be left by many people , in my opinion , is the opposite is true - that public transportation is our future .
It can be proved by now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher , beside it is not as costly as using a car , and the quality of public transportation are improved , so citizen have no worry using it .
Would you like me to help you ?
When they want to find foods , there will be nothing .
Thought , but most people do not be the member of the team of alive .
I wonder for sixteen years .
And . And I do n't know if they were change their mind in after the next fifty years .
Firstly , I agree about learning different concepts , because you can analyse different opinions .
It 's not necessary to say the same words .
But you need , to understand the main idea .
In other words , some professor , when teaches different topics , they explain the concepts and it 's difficult to learn .
Sometimes it 's so difficult to say the same words for the students . I recommend read different ideas .
Anyway , if you read different books , you can understand better .
In conclusion , it 's very important to learn the concept than to saying something stupid ....
So , if you need techniques for learning , you need to analyse and create your own words , this way you will never forget this definition .
Hi , my name is Leon Johnson , I am 13 years and I live in Stocksund Sweden .
I was born at Danderyds hospital , in 2003 on the 5:th of September .
I spend most of my spare time playing ice hockey and golf .
One of the best place I have ever visited is Leksand , in Dalarna .
( It is my country place . ) I like it because it Is near the water and we have a big lawn where we play football , volleyball and have fun .
I like almost all music , but right now I listen to Calvin Harris most of the time .
My favourite subjects at school is mathematics , geography , and , of course , English .
The menú es very well constructed , and the food is based on local products .
The prices are more than good if you consider the high quality of the dishes .
I am writing this letter because we need to improve the facilities in the gym .
On the days that we have to do sports , if the weather is good , we do it outside , but if the weather is bad , we have to do them in the gym .
On That day , we are many people and classes at the same time and sometimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .
Apart from this problem , we have another problem that it is important too .
For me , the solutions to that 's problems are esey .
In the first problem , you have to organis the time table in order to have 1 class in each time4 .
Dear Mrs Gate
Hope to hear from you soon
Anna
In the last year sales at Benton Electronics were in the first quarter of the year 500 and they increased to 620 in the second quarter , in the third quarter , sales maintained in 620 and in the last quarter of the year sales went down very quickly to 420 , as you can see , sales were very unstables .
I just want to express about what I think is painful , and I think coming back to your own home after many years of parting and seeing your closest person have departed is the most painful feelings ever .
I am a local from Taipei .
Thank you !
In addition , my major is English , so teachers will teach and explain by English , which I ca n't catch up on lessons well in the first time .
I was very inconfident about myself and i ca n't make friends well , so I think that it 's too difficult to ask teachers or friends .
I always try to find out reasons , which take a lot of time .
Moreover , I need to improve my skills , such as reading , listening , writing , and speaking , they help me to catch up on my teacher ' s lesson .
Secondly , studying in university , I have to live far from house , which make me be homesick , sad , and worried . I have to live in a dormitory with many strange friends , they 're very noisy and I have to share my room with my roommates .
It 's not convenient .
Living alone , I have to manage money well .
Before I want to pay money for something , I always think carefully about that I 'm really necessary or not .
Sometimes , I broke up nearly and I was really worried , so I have to pay money suitably .
When I living alone , I have to save money , because there are many situations which I have to slove without family , and you can become a good person with many good characters , such as confident , independent , friendly .
Because my family always prepared everything for me when I lived with them , so it 's very difficult to be independent .
In addition , I can be confident because teachers require everybody in class have to stand in front of the class and speak English .
Living alone , you have to make friends when you 're sad .
Jogging : the sport in the nature
My favourite sport is jogging .
During I go jogging , I can think about all the daily thing in my life .
When I am in a bad mood , I go jogging outside and hear how the birds singing .
For me , jogging is very stressless .
At one day I might go alone for me , so I can calm down or think things through .
At an other day , I go jogging with my best friend , so we talk a lot and have fun while we do sport .
I think for people who are fat , they can go jogging , but a little bit slowler .
It is never too late to start .
Have fun !
Suddenly , Agatha sees , behind the windows , a 30 years ' man , he 's tall and wears 19th century clothes ; he is John , a known vampire who lives in that district .
He was gone in Agatha 's investigation office for asking her to look into some murders had that happened recently .
Unhappy , John insists until Agatha accepts .
After the agreement , Agatha come back home and in first place she call her friend Michael for telling him to go to her house .
When he arrives she tells him about the event .
Convoyed by Michael , she goes to him and gives him all the documents she has found .
Unfortunately , Agatha ca n't find sufficents trials for understanding the guilty party .
Irritated , John knows the Agatha 's difficulties and , before to go away , he calls Agatha without Michael for telling her another important thing .
While Michael goes out , in John 's eyes comes a red touch .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
Charlie thought that if he was taller he might be able to take a picture .
Therefore , he climbed a tree .
Suddenly , when he was trying to focus on the eagle with the camera , he fell down .
There are several reasons why there is no future for public transport .
One reason is that travelling by car is more comfortable .
If you share your own car with other people , you will save money .
For all these reasons , I think that travelling by car is better .
I 'm from Poland and live in Poznan .
It 's very large and has special lights at greek performers ' room mainly .
This museum save the historical collection of the spanish royal family from a lot of centuries ago to actual time .
You can see there some of the most greatest teachers painters .
The car is very easy .
I have a car and I can go to a lot of places , because it is fast .
I prefer walk , because the bus , helicomter , and metro is very polluting .
A long time ago , in a small village in Spain , happened a story I 'm going to tell you .
He was trying to switch it on again and again , but the machine did n't work .
Michael 's face was awfully red .
He was very embarrassed .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Good morning everyone and welcome to your favorite program " you can also do so " , today we 're going to learn how to make a cake for the birthday of children , as well as Sofia will please tell us what ingredients we are going to need to be able to make the cake .
hello John good days and what we need to , do this delicious cake is : eggs , flour , yeast , sugar , and the flavor of the cake that we want , such as chocolate , vanilla , fruit .
While I was ringing the bell , the neighbourh 's dog stared to bark .
When Michael saw me , he openened the door , however straightaway closed the door and at that moment knew he had make a mistake .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am also part of a charity organisation in my local town , we
I was really surprised .
I often play it for about 2 hours in the afternoon .
I see that it 's good for my health .
It helps me be stronger and more active .
Moreover , if you have a good ability , you can attend in a competition to try your best . I am a member of a Badminton club in the city , if you 're interested in badminton , let 's come and enjoy yourself .
Dear Anne ,
Thanks for your letter asking about what the Young people are interested in .
Saying that , the music that they like is pop music and reggeton as they can dance together .
Moreover , regarding the clothes , the Young people wear a dress , skirp and jeans .
See you soon ,
Fatima
We were going to gdańsk to seeing new statium that was built for the UEFA European Championship .
We were saw the stadium , backed to the car and wanted to drove to Bydgoszcz .
Bydgoszcz is my family city and the destination of this journey .
Sadly our car was crushed down ... in big and busy intersection !
This was n't some big , we still had four wheels and a motor , but the electronics in the car stopped worked .
We were n't have a speedometer , blinkers and lights , it was a very dangerous situation .
We were stopped on the side of the road and looked for a solution .
We must took risk and went to the nearest market .
In the parking in front of this building a very nice and crazy old man was helped us and charged the acumulator in our car .
We were very scared because the car could crushed again at any moment .
For this reason , we were n't using a motorway .
To pursue a career which is relevant to the Mechanical field and expect myself to contribute my experiences and knowledge with enthusiasm and I would love to take challenges and be yearning for the sense of accomplishment .
Shopping facilities in Moral de Calatrava .
1 . Shopping cheaply .
We are offered a lot of bargains in this kind of shop .
Traditional clothes : that kind of clothes can be expensive , but if you want to live like in the past , you can put on that and you will have really fun although that clothes went out of style a lot of years ago .
Something more fashionable : there are also a few clothes shop were you can find a lot of sorts of fashionable Italian and Spanish designes .
3 . Farmer 's markets .
Some pieces of advice :
-Be careful .
-If you buy some clothes , assure yourself that they fit you and you like them enough to conservate .
my town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment , they provide us by good buses , which are friends to the environment , and offer the tickets for this buses in a cheap price , they also trying to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by the recycling , also the people tries all the time to find the best way for keep our village clean;they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens , also they take care of the fuel in their cars to not to be bad for the environment , so , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment beside the government .
It is believed that the most important one of the problem is the culture barrier .
Meanwhile , different countries have different rules .
For example , people always walk on the right of the road in China .However , Australian 's rule specify that citizen drive on the left of the road .
Secondly , loneliness would be a big problem when a person who leave their own country , getting away from family members and close friends .
Thirdly , students ca n't be accustomed to western eating habits , like burgers , pizza and bread .According to the unfamiliar environment , students may lack the sense of security .
There will evaluate viable solutions to the problem .
The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which are held by the students from the same nationality , so that they may not feel lonely .At the same time , they can also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australia culture , in order to suit quickly .
I would like to work in a summer camp because I love them .
My best skills are dealing with people as well as I am able to do two things at the same time .
For instance , we could go swimming on the beach , we could .
Evening we could tell them horror histories besides we could play with gestures .
In addition , we could play outdoor games and they may do paints about the landscape .
About working in the kitchen . It is n't a problem for me because I love cooking .
I am willing to cook a lot of different meals for them .
I enjoy cooking , so I always make different kinds of food .
whether you had more questions about me , I 'd be glad to answer them .
I 'm a hard - working person , so that 's why I never have time to relax .
As children love playing , I think that I am a suitable person to do this because I am like a little girl .
To whom it may concern ,
I am in my last year of a Visual Arts major .
I have a special interest in arts and crafts .
I am a responsible person who can cope in a crisis .
My available time is on Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays .
Then , I was wondering if food , accommodation and expenses are covered by you , or do you give any kind of help to your employees ? I will appreciate it a lot if you to send me this information .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Kind regards ,
Margarita Varela
In my country , we follow cricket as a religion .
Cricket is played by 11 players , which includes a captain , a wicket keeper and the rest are batsman and bowler .
A player who can bat and bowl is called an all - rounder .
This game is played in three format i.e. Test Cricket ( 5 day game ) , One day Cricket , and Twenty - Twenty .
Test cricket is an old format and I love this format as it really tests the players ' skills and only the best player can get success in this format .
But as this takes 5 days , many people do n't have time to watch this game and its loosing its popularity in young generation .
One day cricket is played often .
Its popularity spreads all over the world too .
The people who are eager to play football must follow some basic rules which are described below :
So . I need more inpormation about eating customs in Diffrent sountry 's .
It may be difficult for you .
When we Have a meal , We ca n't eat before your parents also older people start to eat .
we think it 's Improtant to respect meal manners .
Well .
Have you ever heard of Stamina food ?
Then ?
We eat special stamina food .
This is because , When I was young , My parents Feeded it for me every summer Seasons .
So , tell me as soon as possible . in your country 's specially eating customs and manners , also stamina food as well .
Hi ,
I tried it last weekend and I will use it all days ! if I used that every day , I would improve in a short time !
Thank you for that advice .
Chiara
To my mind , our lives has been improved in these years by smarphone , satnav , digital TV , the Internet ..
Let 's suppose a teenager of twenty - first century during the Middle ages .. do n't get out alive without Wi - fii !
First of all , in the next 50 years the people 's life do n't resamble at all this .
As far as I 'm concerned , we would be submerged by too many tools which will replace manpower and craft , in addition , the globalization will lose the cultural traditions of each country .
On the one hand , I 'm for development . On the other hand , I would that the innovations will not destroy the old .
Often , the evolution is a return of origins , however I hope that the man in the next years will be to do n't forget the past .
Apart from that , I imagine the world with everything automatic , planes that took me from New York to Dubai in three hours and robot instead of the weiters in a restaurant .
To conclude , I ca n't think which wonderful thing the man will do , in spite I hope they make the word even better !
I am writing to apply for the job of camp organizer .
I 'm a veteran camper
and I know how to take care of a camp . I 'm funny and cheerful , but I 'm also professional , so I know how to take care of the children .
I am an experienced cooker , so I can also cook for the children , I am also a good singer , so we can sing songs together with the children .
So tell me what you think and let me know .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
Your friend ,
Peter Hansen
First of all , the public transport is more rather convenient than a irvate car .
The subway reaches most part of the London , and people can travel to many places .
The accessibility is not just improving underground , but also on the ground and bridging .
Therefore , public transport will have a brilliant future .
The environment is becoming a more and more burning issue , , especially from many years to nowadays .
However , we can already fight this - waiting for the developing of advanced technology which can better exploit renewable , sustainable energy . - for example , taking advantage of public transports .
The best idea is still , obviously , valorizing the use of bicycles .
Apart from that , even greater is the pollution of the seas and rivers .
Polluting them is like endangering the life of the whole world .
In addition , what about domestic wastes , which are our reality ? We should all learn to manage our wastes , because each of us , in our own small way , is a great damage for the environment .
Why not do it now ?
Hello Joe
It 's good to hear from you !
The nicest places to go are the malls , because of the very hot weather .
But if you leave the city and travel about 30 km , there are a lot of rivers and waterfalls .
My best regards !
Thais
When you have the skill to read a book and , in that moment , you are searching for a good job , you can find a lot of jobs because you can develop easy when you compare yourself with another person that they have been searched for a job to
Usually , there is no music in the restaurant .
In this way , customers can have the chance to have a conversation , without being annoyed by television or music .
I find it appreciable : I really love to talk to the people I 'm eating with .
You can eat different types of pizza , starters and pasta there .
Everything is delicious and very tasting , especially the pizzas : they dress them in many different ways : I try a different meal every time I go there .
she finally felt that she is wanted , that she could do anything she wants , and that no one is more clever than another , they 're all the same .
The thoughts which people put in her mind was absolutely wrong . She ca n't deny that those thoughts affected her badly , reached her to the point that they made her hate herself .
The words they said to her was a killing ones , they colored her life in black , till it 's the only time to prove to them that she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do it like them all as she just hated the way .
that 's it , not for being non - clever .
That was me , I never liked studying , I never found myself in those subjects , but it was n't the big deal to me , I hated is being seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that , I knew that I 'm clever enough to study all these subjects and do well in exams so I can get high marks , but they 're all did n't get that , they judged me for my marks , but marks do n't form brains or thoughts , marks is n't the only way that makes you great now and then in the future .
whatever , In high school , the senior year here in our country identify your future ; the college you 'll spend your life studying in and working by its knowledge , so I get that i should do all my best this year so my future could be better . and it happened . I showed them all that I can do whatever I want , even if the things I was n't like as they see me , and that all my previous marks was n't my best . I got a high score and entered The faculty of Engineering , which was the top college .
People 's thoughts have the power to make you feel the best feeling ever and literally the opposite , just do n't think about anyone 's thoughts but you , as you have the control of your life not anyone else .
Do n't give anyone the opportunity to make you give up , and continue in the successful life , Fight .
Hello camps !
I am Montaña Tomaso and I am twenty - four years old .
I am interested in the work .
I am studying primary education because I love children .
I could help in the kitchen , too .
My best dishes are chicken and omelets .
I promise that if I go to the camps , we would have a good time and we will laugh a lot of .
Hi Luke , I tried the program called Write and Improve for a week and I liked it .
Although I do n't have a teacher available there , the program helps a lot because the corrections appear at the same time as you check it .
You should shout it from the rooftops !
In our earth , Hunderds of millions of prople living in here .
THE PERSON I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHER , HE IS THE OLDER THAN MY OTHER BROTHERS , HE WAS BORN IN 1970 , MY PARENTS TELL ME " HE IS A GOOD BOY " WHEN HE WAS A CHILDREN .
THE REASON WHY I ADMIRE HIM , IS BECAUSE HE WAS DETERMINED WHEN HE WON A SHULARSSHIP A STUDY MEDICINA IN RUSSIA , HE LIVED THERE FOR 7 YEARS .
NOW , HE IS THE BEST MEDICAL INTERNAL , HE HAS A BEUTIFUL FAMILY .
People probably destroy those bikes , and cause bikes to become less and less .
But , fortunately , people living in this area all use these bikes carefully , so we do n't care so much about that thing .
The second facility is public bus .
Large numbers of bus all around the city .
When students finish their class , they take the but to home .
And when the weekend is coming .
It makes a farther or mother 's life more convenient !
Taiwan has a complete traffic system .
Good afternoon USA SUMMER CAMPS committee
I really would enjoy doing this job in the summer , because I love to look after children , learn things to them and do sport with them .
Since I was 13 , I 've been teaching children from 8 - 9 years old how to play hockey and I am still doing and enjoying this .
Kind regards ,
Julia Timmerman , The Netherlands
It was directed by Richard Curtis .
This movie is called " About Time " .
The main character is Tim .
It 's a quite strange sounds , because his father , grandfather , and greatgrandfather had been to travel in time .
He could n't believe that .
But it 's so simple .
Go to a dark place , and then ckeuck the fist .
He tried to go out with her .
So he used to his ability to travel time for his family .
Finally , he married Marry .
" If you have a great time with your family and co - worker , it is not necessary to travel time .
Just enjoy your life day by day , and be thanksful for an ordinary day . "
He realized what that 's means .
It 's good for studying English as well as for the plot .
If you like a good drama , you will love it .
I am writing to tell you about the Spanish military academy .
This school is located in Marin , where is in north Spain near Pontevedra .
The school is the Spanish institution in charge of training the Spanish navy officer class .
Students have to study two parts , which are the engineering part and the military part .
In the engineering part , there are a lot of laboratories , which is help us to easy to understand about subject such as Physics , Chemistry or even Economics .
In the military part , there are many obstacles and weapons for the marine corp .
For example , the planetarium in a navigate room for learnt about the position of star , four small boats use for practiced the leadership and navigation in the Pontevedra river , or even the simulation for maked the situations which are seldom happen .
On the other hand , five years in school are not superficial because now there are not only the military subjects but also the engineering subjects .
But , I am really proud of my school .
A lot of people use public transport every day in this world , but some people prefer to use your own car to go to the work , school , and whatever .
Some people have your own car , but prefer to use public transport .
Today , in the streets have a lot of cars , bus , motorcycle , and other kind of transportation .
I know a good restaurant .its name is " moon light " . It is locatedin Abbas elakad st .
It is large , clean and comforktable and has air conditioning and internet wifi .
it introduces many kinds of delicious foods , like meat , cheeken , sea foods and if you want anything different , you will find it there .it is suitable for my class because it is difference from any other restaurant .
In my city there is an old town who was declared in 1986 World 's Most Beautiful City .
As well is important because , during de Civil War , the General Franco was living there for a week .
There is an office with so many things that he had there .
If you want , you can visit it .
Nowadays , the Palace has a very good restaurant with a comfortable patio where you can taste the most exclusive products from Extremadura .
So , I will elaborate on this subject .
The chapter will also cover the definition of the notion of pun as a stylistic figure and how puns transfer from one language into another .
I live in Serdobsk .
The people in my town take care of the environment .
Every morning , a special track to clean the roads and walk way .
In 1960 , computers were very basic .
They were bigger and heavier than today and they were very expensive .
For example , they have Internet access .
These computers are very popular .
Its screen has colours and HD .
Hi Maxi !
How are you ?
In my last week , I went to Florida with my family .
I went to the beach and played volleyball with my brother and sister .
My brother went to the NBA league and see the match the Arenas vs Orlando And now I go to my house and then I 'm going to invite friends over .
Tomorrow I 'm going to play soccer with my friends .
See you next weekend !
IGNACIO
In my opinion , the public transport has a future because this is cheaper than other modes of transport , also its pollution is lower .
The car is a transport more comfortable than the public transport , but it is not sustainable , its cost is higuer and if all people move by car , The cities will be very pollutes .
Also , in the big cities , the public transport is more punctual than the car because this transport usually has its own lane , while if you use the car , you takes more time because there are a lot of traffic in your lane .
Other transport that can be very used in the future is the bike , this transport is cheap and ecological , also , more and more the cities are building a lot of bike lane so it is a good alternative .
For travelling to other cities or town , in my opinion , the car will remain the transport most used , although the new modes of transports could change this situation .
For the finish , I think that the transport most use in the cities in the future will be the bus , metro and bike , and for travelling enter cities , the car will remain the most used .
I was especially delighted with the national music and Latin American dances .
I would like to invite you to the celebration of my birthday in two weeks .
Bye !
Your dear , Vitaly
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
When they go out for work or for other purposes , they choose to drive by themselves .
It is not only convenient , but also time - saving .
Dear sir ,
I am writing to you about the adverstismen on the Mirrow daily newspaper .
I can speak severeal languages , like spanish , English and Rusian .
by the time i have stutied a degree in journalism .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Rafa
My favourite sport is football .
I play this sport since I was a child , and today I still love it .
Nowadays , I play football twice a week , on Monday and Friday , because for me it is remained one hobby .
I like to play football cause for me , as well as one hobby , it is one way to stand out of the world , of the problem that every day I have to face , and at the end , it makes me calm and happy .
I recommend this sport to all people , because it could be , as it is for me , one moment to distract you from the world , one moment to spend without thinking about tmorrow .
My undergraduate studies in Pharmacy at the University of Asia Pacific gave me a solid background in the health care sector and chemistry , as well as a strong theoretical framework , while allowing me to explore my personal interests in pharmaceutical technology .
This undergraduate work along with the diversified professional experience helped shape the specific research interests that now drive me to pursue graduate work in the field of Industrial pharmacy and gave me the opportunity to learn and work with the new medicines and delivery methods , ensuring their safety and quality academic and research opportunities for my interest in pharmaceutics as a scientific career .
Dear Kennedy
I am very grateful for your invitation to the interview .
I am glad to tell you that i am able to come on February 16th at 10:00am . I will appriciate if you could reserve a parking space for me .
Kind regards
Andrés Fernández
I Live in Egypt .
It has a lot of historical places .
If any tourist decide to visit the Pyramids , he / she shall enjoy riding a Camel , horses or buggy .
Also , having some pictures will be a great idea .
The pyramids are famous because of the way they are built , . It was a great job by the Egyptians .
I agree with that only in part , because in my opinion there are some more reasons .
First of all , when children are small , they are polite and always listen to parents , for example , they are doing homework , going to sleep in regular hours and come back home after school .
This is a time , when parents could create behaviour of their children , because when they grow up , they are beginning rebel and do things which are good in their opinion .
It is a time when children must choose , which people are good or bad , and which way they will go to difficult situation . For example , they will be drink alcohol or they will have fun without any suplements .
In summary , I would like to point out that the most impact for young people have their own , because life is a time when people only choosing .
Parents are very important , because they can suggest some solutions , but final decision must be undertake their children .
The Great Wall is a great military construction in China , as known as a miracle in the history of ancient human construction .
The exiting Great Wall remains mainly built in the 15th century of Ming . The Great Wall with a total length of 8851.8 kilometres .
It is a symbol of China , along with Tiannanmen Square and the Terra Cotta Warriors and Horses .
It was listed as a world heritage sight in December , 1987 .
The area of the Great Wall has been inhabited with many ethnic group since ancient times .
The next day , on Tuesday , it was hard for me to get up , but the simple fact of seeing my classmates meant it was so much easier .
Thus , the classes have just begun with new teachers and others who have already taught me .
What is heavy was that teachers have already given us all the homework for the week .
After that , I did my homework because I had a lot of it and it was pretty hard .
So , every day I am kept awake .
My dad told me to do your best and if this semester going well for me , my dad will give me a tablet , because I really need it .
So this is my week .
However , on Saturday I went to English classes in the evenings .
Later , my parents , my brother and I went to turn around to relax us from all the stress of the week .
Finally , on Sunday I rested at home with my family .
The scientists try to make people 's life easier , but that 's harmful for people 's health because that make people do n't move and get more fat .
In the future , The cars will fly and be faster .
The renewable and new energy is clean and so cheap , we can use the sun 's rays to generate electricity for houses and cars .
The tourists will travel to another plants , The people will live at the moon and under the seas or oceans .
Working as an ITC si very exciting because you need to program all , it is like a challlenge , although you can do varied things . You can be in duty in your house and deal with your boss in the cellphone , so do n't be alarmed if your son 's bother you .
It is a little streesfull when you have a lot of work .I hope when I have me job I will be in charge of security IT department .
It 's a very worthwhile job .
I agree with that opinion because I do n't like shopping at all .
I think it 's very silly when you go to the store and you have no money .
But you want to see all the goods and maybe buy one of the product .
It looks very stupid .
Everyone has an opinion on this statement .
There is no accounting for tastes and I can not answer for everyone .
i do n't know my name .i do n't know my age . All i know about that i want to be a great woman , i want the world to hear my voice , to prove that i can do it . i can do any thing . i am not weak . i have woman power .
Michael went into the teacher 's office , but he found that his teacher is n't here , maybe teacher went to the bathroom , suddenly , the door is opened by a teacher , a teacher who wore bikini came into sight , this incident came as quite a surprise to Michael , she flirted with Michael , Michael felt excited but run out of the office , but he had regret for his action , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Bob ,
I had been worked at a local cinema last summer .
I would like to tell you about this experinece and how much I enjoy working in there .
As you know , my hobby is go to the movie so you can image that how happy I am when I got this job .
I was responsible for selling the moive ticket and have a good time .
How about you ?
Best regards , and look forward to your reply .
Bill
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
I am writing in connection with the advertisement for a job in Green Pepper Cafe .
I own all the needed traits for this job : knowledge in cuisin , politeness and diligence of work .
I am looking forward to hearing from you if you are interested in my application .
Sincerely ,
Kim Page .
However , Michael discovered that it was a bad wizard .
The wizard attacked him and he went away from home .
He was feeling so free because of the fresh air .
Then he saw a woman started to jump over the enclosure !
He shouted out loud for help , but no one was around him .
The one I most admire is called Ronaldinho , a football player that in my opinion , is the best of all time .
He was born in Porto Alegre , in 1980 , and played in several teams , like Barcelona or AC Milan .
Even though most of people think that Messi or Ronaldo Nazario are even better than him , other people think the same as me .
There are 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms .
The living room shares an area with the dining room .
We have a small garden .
My mom likes growing plants such as vegetables .
This book made me interesting and I begging reading more and more while I read , the more I love it . At this time everything did not matter to me . I want to finish the book as soon as possible . I do not know the end , but I want the end of the book was amazing , but at the same time , I do not finish the book because the mystery to open up finished in .
In the end , a lady interrupted me and I was angry about the situation .
that was the reason I do not finish the book .
Nowadays our world is fighting everyday against diferrent problems , one day there is the problem of violence , one day the atmosphere conditions , or many others .
In my opinion , everyone 's life will have a great improvement , from the economic point of view , but also from the social and cultural one .
It is known that in the future there will come the day in which any kind of unrenewable resource will finish .
But I imagine that in the next years we can begin to spread the use of alternative resources , such as the eletricity given by the light of the sun 's rays .
Or in addition , we can use the energy given by the environment , such as the wind or the inorgainc rest .
To sum up , I think that we have to expect a great future in which men will regain possession of his whole capability and , thanks to it he will change everyone 's lives in the best .
My friends are Mariana , Cristina , Fernando , Jose , Pedro and Ivan .
They are good people .
Mariana loves Panda songs .
We are from Ecuador and live in Pichincha .
I am from Ecuador and live in Machachi .
Machachi is a nice town .
I am 20 years old .
When I was a child I wanted to be a doctor .
We came from Loja to live in Machachi .
I like to travel .
It is a free park .
I really love that beach .
I 'm interested in one sport;football .
Because it 's the most common sport all over the world as well as because I 'm good at football , so I play football with my friends every weekend and always play on Tuesday evening .
I 'd like giving you some advice about how to start playing this sport .
I think it 's a good idea if you buy some kits for football and training with your friend before match at home or in the playground for two or three days .
THANKS
I understand what you mean , because cars are so convenient , as you said .
You can go anywhere , anytime you want .
Car companies try to spread electric cars , but it seemed to take a long time .
Moreover , it 's still popular to travel for long journey with trains or ships because the scenery you can see from them are totally different from the one from cars .
Unfortunatelly , in a horribble night , the couple"s house was invided by a satanist group who attack them and leave just blood behind them .
Idon't know the end of the story , but i don;t think that it is a happy one ...
The aim of this report is to highlight how the citizens take care of the environment , in order to give suggestions to keep this area clean .
In the matter of that , information concerning what people do , or could do , are going to be shown .
1 Check if your dog or anyone else 's pet damages streets or gardens .
2 Divide wet rubbish from the products which can not be recycled .
Disadvantages :
Unfortunately , deeper problems are linked to the difficulty that all the inhabitants have respect those principles .
I would , therefore , recommend this idea .
Nowadays , we can see that , each time more public transport need to improve the quality of your services , the people daily need this kind of transport go to work , go to school and in general depend so much of the public transport .
The government can to improve the public transport by making a great investmenting like changing the old vehicles for new and increase the number of the bus , trains and build more bus station and trains station . This kind of the action will help a lot to improve the quality of the public transport for the population and will become the life of the people more easy .
Today , many people prefer to travel by car than public transport because of the bad quality of services , and because the bus , the trains are full and many times are until dirty and late .
However , if this situation does not change and if our government do not take providence about this important subject will be the end of the transport public and it will be more convenient to use a car .
the first problem is that we do n't have enough aparatous for all of the students .
the second problem is about that same aparatous are not working well because the school did n't the manteinace a since long time ago .
For the first problem , in my opinion , the school have to buy some others aparatus , because there are not enough for all of the students ,
For the second problem , the solution , for me , is to hire someone to do the maintenance and say to all of the students to take care of the machines of the school .
I hope my proposal wiil be useful for you .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Sebastián Ferrari
I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for the newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " which is issued by the WATC ; the " Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I have the cooperation with the Environment and Development , the magazine which is issued by the Center for development work " Maan " , annd other web sites and news and media organizations .
the world is sadly lacking in an environmental mind in consequence , it caused the global warning which been the most important global problem . It does n't mind to more than three quarters of the world 's population .
Currently , we have got more than six different types of banks in our streets , but as far as I know , it is not sufficient to meet the needs of the environment because , nowadays , we do produce a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced and we do only learn about this education in our home , in our childhood , accordingly I am one of the few worried teenagers in the world about it , so I really do help the environments as far as I can .
Frist of all , at home we recycle plastics , glasses , papers and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , putting organics in an especial composting bank where we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials , and , finally , all the other things are sends to an especial tip where we avoid to drop it anywhere . then when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street introducing their scraps bag in an wrong bank , I explain to them who they have to recycle and who important it is for our environment that we carefully recycle it
In spite of throwing dirt in a bin , we also making some harm to the environment unknowingly .
Then , I suppose that in every country will be used much more renewable energies instead of nuclear energies for reassure a secure future for the next generations , and maybe everybody will use electric car for decrease the atmospheric pollution .
The people 's live will be change even by policy and the economy .
I think that public transport has a future , indeed , travel in a car is much more comfortable , because you do n't have to walk to take a bus or the underground .
But there 's a thing , no one have enough money to buy a car or maybe two ; that 's why there 's a lot of people who prefer the public transport .
I think that there is n't a future for public transport because , nowadays , the people usually use your own private car .
This is some adventeges , such us it is more comfortable and fast .
when you travel by bus , you must have a timetable and it is less comfortable than travelling by car .
However when you go by car you can take your car whenever you want .
Sometimes , private transports is cheaper if you go is other people .
for example , when you go by car you can go with other people , so you pay less money for gasoil .
On the other hand , private transport are damaging for the planet because we must take care of the planet . we can help to prevent the contamination of the enviroment , if we take travel public transport , which do n't pollute .
At the moment , there are more than one car to person , it is a problem for me because people do n't take cure the of envarioment .
in conclusion , using public transport produce less damage to the environment and most people prefer .
Some of them I saw , when I was a young girl .
What is more , he is a good husband and a good father for his children .
One of his interesting film is about a musician , which was popular for 1980 - 2000 years .
The immense possibilities of life give us the opportunity to explore life but some times it lead to threat and dangers to our life .
But insurance is also a necessity and invetable for peace of mind .It gives us surety to live life securely .
It is just not only to save our life but also secure assets like houses , cars etc .
The insurance for non - accidental death is known as general insurance and for life is known as life insurance .
A number of countries give attention and provide secure life to their citizens .but our country is still under insurance .
The government should play a key role by providing trustworthy organization surveyors , loss assessors etc .
To provide insurance at nominal prices.and claim polocies should be easy .Give surety so that people can accept and trust the insurance companies .
Fdi can play an important role in it .
It give competition to national companies .By virtue of which they work properly mannerly and give better option to policy holders.people can always buy a nominal premium we should aware them about the types of insurance as well as the benefits of the insurancce .
Soccer is one of the most games in the world and I like it very much .
In fact , I really enjoy it when I play soccer for many reasons .
First , soccer is a very famous game in the world and a lot of people like to play soccer and I try to play like them .
for example , I can watch many matches a day and I enjoy it when I watch famous players such as Cristiano Ronaldo with Real Madrid and Messy with Barcelona .
Second , soccer is a very interesting game , because when I play soccer I feel very happy .
Moreover , soccer help human body to be very healthy , because when someone play soccer , his organisms become strong .
I would like to say for anyone who wants playing soccer to be very careful when he plays it , because it may cause a lot of injures , but in the same time , it is a very nice game .
Hello John !
Recently , I read four great books about Shoah , they were very interesting , my favourite was : " The Book Thief",I read it for school , but I have already saw the film of this book .
It 's a very mooving book , but it is n't difficult , I think that 's for teenagers , but it is also good for adults .
And what about your book ?
What are you reading ?
I hope you 'll answer me soon .
Bye Serena
I usually wake up at 10 am , but at that day my father called me at 8:00 am and asked me to go to Balla with them .
He usually avoids me in this kind of situation .
Nowadays , he treats me as botheration .
That is why I was very surprised .
The reason he told me to go to Balla is Noman will feel alone there as Badhon and her mother is not going .
Actually , I do n't have enough courage to say no to my father .
I got ready very quickly so I did n't do my morning exercises .
We have been told earlier that Abul kaka has got a very nice PAJERO Jeep from the office nonetheless the performance of the vehicle was awful that day .
It shut down at the road for several times while we were on the way there .
Those are the most risky roads of the country . if there is an alternate way , I always use that .
That 's why when I go to the village I like to use the Singair Road rather than the DHAKA - ARICHA highway .
My father also uses this road .
When I was a youngster , my father and I rode a motorcycle to visit our place using this road .
Though he was unwilling to sit there as because abul kaka or my father should be seated there .
But they insist him .
So we four were occupying the back seat uncomfortably .
When the car stopped to take oil at a service station near Gilando , my father asked me to go onto the very back benches of the jeep .
If I were in a better position , it could not happen to me .
My thoughts are unquestionably better than others ' .
Hence , I 'm waiting for a good time .
It gives the impression that only going and coming back in a big car is the main purpose of the tour .
That was ridiculous .
That the I spent most of my time with Noman with his over - talking habit .
My usual stance with this kind of person is to listen .
The crystal clear and mild sun is a very favorite of mine .
While I was listening to noman I was discerning that I should question more .
When he talks he has done many mistakes because of his over - talking habit .
at 4:00 pm we set off for Dhaka was an early move because of the faulty car .
I fall asleep as soon as we crossed jhitka bazar in addition when I wake up , we had crossed Tora bridge .
Than we set off for Dhaka .
We talked about a lot of things .
When we talked to our seniors , I think I should control myself though they talked about unreal things .
At the same time , they also keep saying that nature was more green and vigorous in our time .
Travelling or moving from one place to another by car is much more convenient for a man than public transport .
By car , you can go whenever you want on time , with no need to wait for hours at the stations for a bus or subway train .
It is faster and cleaner and much more comfortable .
You can have some other choices , that you can stop to buy something : water , juice or a snack if you get hungry during your way or thirsty .
You would n't suffer anymore from the trouble or annoying stuff on bus most of the time , like : no room for you to sit , bad smell people can make , or get bothering or bushing .
But , on the other hand , because of , recently , the traffic has been terrifically unbearable ; cars are so many ; very noisy , unclear air produced , has become the public transport better to save earth .
In all over the world , people always need advices to keep looking after their environments .First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students by tips that should help us to make our environment clean .Second , they should make awareness campaigns about the environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste papre basket which helping workers to recycling it easily .Finally , to stay healthy , we need a healthy environment .
I used to find a kung - fu sensei to teach me .
But at the region where I live I had not found one .
I discovered a new world .
It is a good self defence ... it is object , simple and fast .
Krav maga teaches us how to control ourselves in hard situations .
Sometimes we are with people that we love .
When someone wants to hurt our relatives or friends , we must do something .
There are a lot of bad people in the street .
If it was not true , the life would be so much better .
We spent a lot of time together every day ; we visited some fantastic cities in Greece , like Santorini , Athens and many others .
In Italy we also visited Bari and Venice , too .
The meals were very good and also in the morning I ate English breakfast or eggs and bread because I wanted to change my routine while I was on the cruise .
It was an interesting experience to go to the cinema to my class and see in a film about what I have studied during the Italian lesson and understand better the stories of Boccaccio , one of the most important Italian writer .
Seeing the film , we have had the possibility to watch the characteristics of the main characters of Boccaccio and the different places where the stories took place .
In my opinion , the film was made in a very good way : the registers of the film ( they are two ) tell us five novels with only one main protagonist : the love in every situation .
The registers of the film said that they want to create a film without time , and they were able to create this .
It 's obvious that life nowadays is really different from 50 years ago , so we can predict that the people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
Most of the labours will probably have been represented by machinery , the people who is lack of academic qualifications might be very hard to get a job , the knowledge might be in demand if the people live in the future .
There are some issues that make me worried , the environment is getting worse , we have to come up with the methods to solve this and save our Earth .
These days , people are educating themselves by watching the television .
Televison not only provide entertainment , it will also give lots of information about the happenings around the globe .
Few programmes some intellectual programs will increase the creativity of the people .
When Michael wake up that morning he feels , a strange smell in the air , he do not know what is the origin of that strange smell but , in his noose , he receive a kind of sign something bad had happened .
He star to watch the kids there running , playing , laughing a lot , the same couple of yesterday talking about love , the sadness in the city .
With a great effort , he sate down on the grass , he feels tired , and has a little sensation of pain in his boson , site there with many sounds on the air , he star to recall ... his face is changing is dark , he has now a clear image of all , when he opened the door of the house , his girlfriend is there dying on the floor , Michael remember all , the fight , the lays , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The diabetes is the increasing of the glucosa in the blood , The have two types , first the Diabetes Type 1 that is predent in childrens , the pacient needs insuline every day , also this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insuline realized by the person 's immuny siste .
The Diabetes Type 2 is present in adults people , the insuline is generated but this not work in the body , so the amounts of glucose is storage in the body .
My view is that public transport is good because it has prevent pollution , which is good for the public .
However , they must understand travelling by car is not any kind of exercise .
if planned to travel by public transport , people will walk to the bus station and get down from the bus and walk for necessary thing .
So my opinion is good for both parties .
Hi ,
It 's Rosevelt , hope you know me .
And I want to give a surprise to Vrinda by sending her a short movie .
If you guys could share a quality , memory or any eventful time that you shared with her through video message , it would be a great favour to me .
Please do n't tell Vrinda about it .
Thanking you
Rosevelt
Hello Maxi ! !
How are you ?
What are you doing ?
Do you do any sport ?
I this week , I went to the country . Is was very funny because we went to the cinema and we eat in a lot of different restaurants .
Bye , I have to go .
See you soon
Hi readers of international sports monthly magazine .
I wrote to sponsorize my favourite sport , the most beautiful sport in the World ,
basketball .
I enjoy this sport because I love team sports and games with a ball .
Some people say that basket it 's only for tall guys ,
but it is n't true , in the A league in Italy , we have different players who are not very tall ,
like 1 meter and 60 , so if you love this game you can play it no matter what .
If you want to start this sport , find a friend that can teach you the basic movements and how to pass and shot ,
if you train and you have willpower , nothing can stop you .
Nowadays , basketball is spreading around the World .
Ryan Gordon loves all sports but he works hard at school too .
He is going to go to university next year .
He goes twice a week to the local climbing center .
We studied hard together to prepare for the university exam , shared about our problems and almost things has relatived with us .
It 's a great time for me .
He made me happy and safe .
Unfortunately , he refused me .
Day by day , I tried to forget my love in his quiet .
Should I show him my love again ?
Last week , from September 11 to September 21 , we had a minivaction .
On Sunday , my family and I went to Causeway Amador , then to Albrook Mall .
After the examns finished , I went home and had nothing to do , so I thought that I needed to watch my dramas because it was a week since I haven't watch them due to the exam week .
So after watching all my dramas , I had nothing to do .
From September 12 to September 14 , I was too lazy because I was tired of the exam , so I was all day laying on the sofa doing nothing apart of watching the TV and chat with my friends .
Besides , I needed to take care of my little sister Ellie , who is very cute and funny and , right now , she is always trying to get up and stand and walk .
On the rest of the boring week , I was watching TV , and suddenly , my cousin found some pieces of the puzzle inside the cabinet , so I decided to solve my Paris puzzles with my sister , which was less than a half solved for about one year , but it had too much color in the sky , so I did n't finished then a year ago .
We began to solve it again and it took us the whole week to finish it .
While solving the puzzle , I decided to count how much pieces was left , after counting them , I realized that five pieces were missing .
I was too angre , because I was finishing the puzzles and five pieces were missing . So I began to search the whole house for the five pieces but did n't find it .
On Saturday , I finished my puzzle but with five pieces missing . But I was happy too .
I finished it .
On Sunday , my father planned to take my whole family to Causeway Amador .
Also , my uncle , aunt , grandfather and cousins went with us .
I was hoping that my father can teach me to drive the car , but it was not possibly because we went to Albrook Mall to eat and my father did n't want to return to Causeway Amador to teach me to drive .
Mini vacation can be fun , but sometimes boring , because you haven't planned anything for the vacation .
when I was a child , I wore usually blue , grey and red colours .
My bedroom is blue and orange , the colours of my toys when I was a child are different .
I chose always my clothes because only me know my favourite clothes and , when I was a child , my toys .
Now I wear different colours . For example , black , blue , grey and other .
Maybe they will change .
Pompei - the destroyed city
I 'm sure you 'll agree that Pompei is the most important archeological site in the world .
I love the overnight tour , in which only fires light the ruins .
In my opinion , anyone could n't come to Italy without visiting Pompei .
If you come , I promise you 'll never forget it !
I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
Especially in urban areas , for example , Taipei city in Taiwan .
People who lives there almost know the convenient public transport system called MRT , it 's fast , cheaper and you does n't have to find the parking lot .
Besides , it 's harmful and makes the earth 's environment more worse for emission of so much carbon dioxide .
So , it is better to use public transport .
But , if you live in the country , a car may be essential , because it 's will spend so much money to buy the tickets if their family have many people .
So , I think the government should have to draw up a proposal to solve the problems between the use for urban areas and counry .
And think deeply about the problem about protecting the environment .
My family members are very helpful and supportive .
My parents are very support .
My parents are my best friends and guides .
My family is my world .
My family is great .
After that , Steve become an America captain to protect the world again .
But he does n't know he is involved in a conspiracy .
He meets a strong opponent who is a winter soldier when he wants to find out the wirepuller .
Walking every day is what I enjoy .
Besides to be an excellent exercise , it is also the more comfortable , because it allows me to concentrate , to be with myself , talking and praying to God in each step in the morning .
I woke up at 5H00 o'clock in the morning ,
There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lounges perceive and respire all the smell that flowers , and the land , the First , I walk slowly , and then I begin to walk as soon as possible to improve my fitness and I end up walking 5 turns in the park .
I feel that he is near to me , that he listens to me every word that I pray .
Doing so , I begin my routine day , I come back home , begin to do my breakfast , followed by the lunch , because I have to get to work at 9H00 o'clock .
It is an activity that goes according to the capacity of each one , that doing it each morning improvement our health and move away all the bad of our body .
The graph below gives information about seasonal sales for ice - cream of different places : in an ice - cream van and an indoor swimming pool in Jan to Dec .
Overall , an average of 5000 dollars of year about ice cream van .
First , the graph showed an upward trend to ice cream van , and in 2014,it has the largest percentage of sales at nearly 5500 dollars in Jul - Sep .
No matter what year , its lowest level was always in Jan - Mar .
May be because in this paragraph of time the weather was cold , the number of purchaser greatly reduced .
We can be seen from the diagram , the highest peak in the graph has increased year by year , as the low as .
Second , for the indoor swimming pool , it generally appear wavy falling , from 2500 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dollars in 2014 . We can infer , it will not rise sharply , and it is impossible for it to fall sharply .
Most people like to have their own car , because they think it is more comfortable and flex .
But I think that the future is the public transport , we need to preserve nature , this is an imperative for our world , then the solution have to take the point that the governments do more invest in public transport , so the people do n't need to get a car for being able to have a job and do n't need it for the normal development of their lives .
As well , we have to promote that the people get jobs close to their accommodation or get the accommodation close to the jobs , because we have too much pollution . And we could reward the companies that hire staff close to the place of job , maybe in a circle of 4 kilometres , as well we could reward the people that turn their accommodation for live near to the job or for going there by a bicycle .
Maybe this sound a bit crazy , but whatever solution will be good , we only must make our minds up for able to look across .
What a fine day !
It 's April now , and spring is finally here .
The sun shines bright , the snow has melted in the March .
Birds have returned from warm countries .
People look happier .
They feel tired after a long snowy winter .
In the March , we set forward our watch an hour ago .
Summertime was first converted in 1900 year .
The days are getting longer but night are getting shorter and lighter .
We convert our watches back an hour ago in October .
I like spring and always wait for it and wait for the summer holidays with impatience .
Summer is really little life .
As soon as I pass all my exams , I will travel .
As they say in the English proverb < travel broadens the mind>. In summer you can switch off of daily routine , relax , have a talk with friends .
I always want to see the world , to swim in the Ocean .
However , I am stopped by last tragic developments in foreign countries .
I think , it 's better and safer to go to the Black sea , to Crimea or to Kuakas .
It 's the best , the most beautiful and the most comfortable resort in the South .
What is my favorite sport ?
I 've been doing that for around twenty years .
Some martial arts are not really sports .
They 're more for self - defense , but for what I do , and my way to stay healthy , is martial arts and running .
As far as watching , that 's a good question .
I would suppose I would have to say that , in Japan , Sumo is my favorite sport for watching .
I 've never tried it myself .
I have to start saying that I never imagine swimming like my favorite sport , because until my back 's injury , I practiced other sports , I most like extreme sports like downhill skiing , skateboarding , martial arts like Aikido , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , but for my injury I have to start swimming and now I love it .
The think because I enjoy these sport is because I feel free when I am in the water , it is so relaxing and I have red it is the most completely sport because you work the whole body .
If you want to start swimming , I think you should looking for a swimming teacher because if ca n't swim , you must need it , and if you can swim but not well , if you are not on practice and know your swim style is not the best , I recommend you a professional assistance .
More time that you do n't have that assistance , it is going to be more difficult to improve your style and enjoy swimming more , because if you really know how to swim you are going to have more resistance in the water .
Last week was a hard week for my wife .
It is just the beginning of winter vacation courses , so she has been struggled with a lot of work and students .
I think , that may be the reason she had the Sleep Paralysis last night .
In Korea , we call it ' Ka - Wee - Nool - Rim ' , which means being pressed by a ' Ka - wee ' , or ghost .
Even she was not able to lift a single finger tip , as if she was turned into a stone statue .
She opened her eyes .
Then , she realized that four indistinct strangers were staring at her , as standing just beside the bed .
But she could n't .
She could n't open her mouth , say anything at all .
Even worse , two of them started whispering on her ears , die … die .. .
Well , actually it did n't happen .
She just dreamed a terrible nightmare because I was not sleeping .
She reproached me for not awaking her up despite the fact that she had been calling me so eagerly .
But it is not true .
She had n't called me at all .
It was just a dream , but very real like .
Most of those dreamers claim that it is like real .
They think they really opened their eyes and awaken since it is too vivid and detailed .
Often they explains and describe the scene in detail like a cup on the table , friends who are watching TV beside them , a room light and so on .
But nothing is real . They realize that no cup is on the table , no one is at room , and the light is off .
- experience it when they are so tired physically and so stressed .
- feel drowning down when they are about falling in sleep(so they know it will happen ) .
- feel a lot of press on their body and can not move in the dream .
- feel the dream is so vivid and real .
- repeatedly dream again if they rarely awake themselves .
Some experience this so easily and often .
The most scary case I heard is that the ghost pulled hair into under the bed as stabbing her chest with a sharp gimlet .
Luckily , I have never dreamed it .
I am on third year at the university , I do n't know what will be the master than I am go to make , but I want a master relationed with programming .
I have many difficulties in programming , but I think that if I work hard I can to win my difficulties .
Now I am on Christmas holidays . I have to study so much .
On last few days , I and my group made some experiences for our project .
We used some resistors and a source of two hundred and thirty volts to control the temperature of water .
Initially , we had some problems because the resistors did not increase the temperature enough to warm the water .
But I also have other tasks .
I go to try to read this books for to evoluate my english , because in the future I intend to make the first certificate .
Hi Jo !
How are you ? I have just receive you letter in this moment .
I think that you can to come to my country when you want , because I will help you .
In the first place , I think that you must look to internet . you would see diferents city of this country and you can choose the best .
In my opinion , you must go to Madrid or Barcelona because its are the more atractives .
Barcelona is big and there are a lot of indutries so there are a lot of jobs .
In Madrid there are some jobs , too , and you will be near me .
Spanih 's food is fantastic , althouh there are a lot of restaurant for eat you and i think that the food is more expensive than in your country .
If you do n't like spanish 's food , you can go to a restaurant with food from the other country , but i know you love it .
On the other hand , people is friendly , as you know , because you know some spanish person .
you must come , because I think that my country would you love it and i always help you .
Take care
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
By the time he was going down the stairs from the fourth floor , his neighbour Mary stopped him .
Peter was very worried .
Despite the urgency of taking the train on time .
He was kind and spoke with Mary .
The widow woman , who was very nice , gave a present for Peter .
The young Polish man was very grateful and replied to the woman : " Thank you , it hasn't to make any present "
Have a good journey " .
Dear Jo
If you want a short - term job , I think a restaurant is the best one for you .
It not only offers a high salary , but also , the employee there is kind .
When it comes to travelling , you can never miss the night markets .
At there , you can have a taste of cuisine from all around the world , which will make you freshen up .
Moreover , once you have a bite on a sausage , you must fall in love with it .
If you still have any questions , just call me .
I will help you as much as I can .
Best wishes ,
Paulina
It was half past seven and her class had begun fifteen minutes ago .
Last week , her mother told her that he had to go to his classes if he wanted to hang out with his friends .
He already knew that he was late , but he could not go now , so he decided to cheat her mother .
He did homework from his books so his mother might believe it .
After that , Peter did not hang out for three months , so he can learn the lesson , You must not lie to or cheat to your mother .
I think that the public transport is always going to be so important in our life , because not all the people have the possibility to buy a car , and because the public transport is more expensive than a car , so for that reason , the public transport in the future could be exist , because public transport is a necesity in all the world , not only for the money , but too for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport .
Yesterday I went to the Ulster Museum in Botanic Gardens at 2 pm .
I went to the nature section , which is interesting as it is about natural aspects on earth like the elements , rocks and periods of life related to organisms .
Mel , who was a teacher for young people .
Teach us about a debates .
How to be a good debaters .
He uses a rule for debates : preposition+ result = positive or negative ( Why ? )
Every debate has a hot spot .
A hot spot is a place where the debaters can explain the idea .
The hot spot helps to get more security .
The result depend on : security , volume in the voice , body posture and public .
The main idea is to keep the body , take the mind .
I do n't know is n't an anwer .
An Important deal , is never to quit .
Always fight if you want .
Debates is a combat .
But before the lesson , he has to have lunch with his family and leading the dog from the veterinary for his annual vaccine .
Peter gets a fast lunch in ten minutes , spent other two minutes for finding the bike and putting the dog on the basket ; at the office of the veterinary three people wait , so Peter is forced to wait .
After an hour , the dog is vaccined and taken at home , but her mother needs a milk bottle .
Unfortunately , Anne , her sister , has just taken the bike , so he 's forced to walk until the nearest supermarket .
So Peter had to make a choice : going at the lesson or waiting for his father for getting to take the milk with the car ?
After an exhausting afternoon , Peter has a bit of luck , infact his father , Jack , has just came back from the work , so he could get to take the milk and giving him a passage .
I am an introvert too .
I love bwrite but I am not confidance with my grammar .
An excessive amount of cars on the road is not an option as this could cause problems in most metropolitan areas .
There would be a tremendous amount of pollution and traffic jams .
As the population grows , you will see an increasing problem .
Cars are not good .
But they go fast .
Cars are red .
Choo choo pdajd
Sport is the activity that help the people at have an optimal physical condition .
I think that sport is important for discipline in life .
My favourite sport is football , it is a complete sport , there are aggression , mentality and fun .
my favourite football club is Napoli , it is the heart club , for this team , I feel indescribable emotions ... when I see my team , I smile in moments of joy , I cry in moments of sadness and suffering and rejoice when they score and win the game .
you are responsible for your workers and the customer satisfaccion , However , it is very satisfying to see how your own company is grow up and your customers return again because they loved your job .
that work looks depressing , demanding and stressful , but it is very rewarding and if you like the challenges you never will bored .
Dear Friend
Here are some tips about the Egyptian people .
they are so kind , friendly , and stressed but have a lot of problems now days . The level of poverty , the standard of level , the fixed cost is increasing dramatically and the purchasing power is decreasing .
So , if you want to work in Egypt , you must have a complete information about the job ( location , salary , incentives , Allowances , work environment , position titles , company type , policy , mission , vision )
Sameh Sabbagh
Military service is when people who is forced by the government to be a part of the army to serve and protect the country .
There are many countries which should be complete the military service when people who reach 18 , such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore .
The duration of the military service should be from around 12 mouths to 20 mouths .
Also , there are different sections of training during the military service . People generally do a lot of training to their obedience or how to use the weapons .
Thus , there is a cause of agreement and another cause of disagreement , which is freedom of choice and mental maturity .
As this topic , the one of the reason of everyone should not have to complete the military service is because of the freedom of choice .
Some people may think it seem to be a human rights that we let the people to choose if they want to join the military .
So some counties would not force the people to join the military .
If people join the military service when they are just 18 , it may learn a lot of life skills as there are quite a high claim in the military and the chancellor who work in the military may request to the soldiers that everything frequently be regular .
For instance , they usually need them to fold up a quilt in a specified angle or there is a specific time that you must wake up and get sleep .
But after a period of time , people could develop their obedience , especially to the young people ; they will be likely to become a more independent person .
To conclude with both sides , there are reasons to effect by people should or should not have to complete military service .
However ; the effects may be different , which is base on how length of the duration .
Today I had a trip to a museum and an art gallery with my school .
The museum and the art gallery are located in the capital city .
The museum is huge and beautiful .
I really like antiques , even though it is not much to look at .
The art gallery is nice too .
My favourite part is listened to a guide introduce us to panting art .
I ca n't wait to get back home and tell you more about the trip .
Love from your son :) .
Thanh .
In my city , we have not a regular policy of care for the environment .
In my country , you can do a lot of efforts to take care of the environment , but the bad culture in our people is a great problem .
We just wait until others clean the streets .
Then , the dogs can break open the bags and eat the rubbish .
Nowadays , we grow up with the possibility of choosing a lot of sports .
This fact allows young people to do exercise and enjoy themselves at the same time .
The favorite sport of many people is football , instead of my favorite is basketball .
My main reason for love it is how you feel when you play a match and , finally your team win .
turning out in a fleeting glimpse , into an adult , perceiving the other side of life , how tough and complicated it is , trying to deal with its different circumstances ..
at this point , you merely have a brief look at your whole life , many questions spinning in your head , accusing yourself of being a lost cause , wishing if you could turn the clock back,,but it 's all no good ..
then you find yourself standing ahead clouds of reality , which sucks ..
at some point , you wish if it was all an illusio , you need a time machine that makes it possible to go back in time to when you could see the purity of life ..
However .. here you are completely different , made of life lessons , preferring to make a stiff upper lip .. cowering in your own reality .
Yes , television entertains , but it can also educate .
These days , television allows us to see happenings all around the world .
Are we subconsciously educating ourselves ?
You ask how ?
Now that would be an interesting question , we can watch anything from news to cat fish the TV show , in the name of entertainment , we are actually learning .
I have personally picked up information I would not have come accross other wise . For example , I have be able to learn that the new BMW seven series , has ambiance lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerises system can read different road surfaces and adapt it 's drive .
so have you ever asked yourself whether Television entertains , but can it also educate .
The New Music
Blues , Rock ' n ' Roll , and folk music were the basis for the new music .
From 1966 - 1967 the huge change takes place .
There were some people who started playing Rock songs .
Electronic was born .
It made everything possible .
The circuit is characterised by long straights and chicanes , which makes it possible to achieve high - speeds .
In my opinion , riding at high - speed on the long straight can be cause overheating of the cars ' engines and the can blow up .
The rugged kerbs can cause the suspension to crack .
The falling leaves can be block a driver 's view and block up the radiators .
I think cutting down the trees which are around the circuit and undercutting kerbs can be reduce danger and technical problem on the track and we have to reduce the long straights .
Global power and politics are now surprisingly centered to those , which have an apex maturity of science .
Addiction to authoritative nature over other makes a huge production of war weapons , convert the blessing nature of science into critics .
Very often , it has been criticized to change indigenous cultures into so - called luxurious development that is , contradictory to religious faith .
Science is concerned only with the information about the world , whatever it is , and sometimes in unethical conclusion without considering the morality .
It occupies so pivotal a role in modern society and commands so much public money , it should find itself subject to criticism from a variety of source .
But living in the 21st centaury , its difficult to blame science where we are benefited through its technological applications on everyday our life to an ever - great extent .
My country is pretty clean compared to the cities and countries that I know . Although there are a few pieces of paper or plastic on the streets , but residents have a great respect for nature .
In fact , they keep the woods clean and the owners sent the loggers to remove dead trees now or those that could lead to hazards , but every time you remove a tree , it is immediately put a young plant so that the environment does not undergo changes that will lead out balance the system .
Three times a week , garbage trucks pass to empty them , and once a week a garbage collector passes to clean up the streets .
Travelling by using any form of transport has become in one of our needs , in the past , people used to take hours waiting for the public transport , now , we can afford any of those modern car at the agency .
the main problem is the bad service , for example , the drivers are not careful enough when to drive , and that might be unsafe for the users .
another disadvantage is the unclean chairs in the public transport .
Firstly , it is a good idea for young children to do physical activity . That is the first step to do exercise , then to compete sports will make competitior to make an extra effort .
Also , just for young children that are in the process of growth and development , physical exercise is essential to do it , because they can have a healthier life .
Young children try to make an effort , and wants to win at this age , and if they train , the results were better and that encourages them to keep training .
In psychic way , if you are adapated forms relations and create new friends .
Finally , I think that to compete in sports has some benefits and disadvantages , but when it is controlated there are some benefits that help you to whole you life .
For upcoming enhancement , I would like to inform you that there was no longer the public transportation services since travel by car is more convenient .
Best regards ,
Penn
Shops in the town
Introduction
Shopping facilities
Although our town is quite small , there are many variations of shops , such as clothes shop , sport shops , toy shops or book shops .
Possibility of the shops
On the other hand , you can visit book shops whether you are a pensioner and you have a lot of free time .
Conclusion
Halloween is a traditional holiday in the USA but the original history came from the Celtic people .
The immigrants came with this religious culture and along the time it has became part of American culture .
Today , this holiday is celebrated around the word and you can have fun with a party or costume yourself .
The picture below illustrates how to make bank notes .
First is to design the note , including background color , artwork and security issues .
Then is printing with special ink .
When the one side is printed , raising the images slightly to make the opposite side to be colored .
It is of great importance to inspect the printed sheets .
If the sheet is good or partialy damaged , it can be packed and delivered by veichals after being cutted in to separate notes .
Otherwise , the sheets and notes would be abandoned and destroyed in the fire .
The issue of weather there is no future for public transport is a topic that has cased an on going argument . in my topic i intent to discuss to contravening view piont in more depth .
Hi my name is Chai , i I 'm from Thailand , I try to write an article to improve my writing skill and hope this program can help me .
My favorite way to travel is by the Plane because I like to be fast and , in my life , I hate a wait in my opinion , the plane is the best for me . For example , when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quick , you do n't need to take a long time . And The plane is the best way of travelling in the world that the best safer than other way , you can see on the pollution of people who got an accident , how often an accident happen by the plane , so anyway if it 's happen , i ca n't imagine it , Eventually I wish everyone who like to travel is safe and sound and has a safe journey .
First of all , Television has less viewers now days .
There were a lot of programs on television .
Most of the people watched the news , movies , or tv shows on television .
Also , there was a lot of different channel that we chose from .
As I remember , there were educational channel like Discovery and National Geography .
For some people may think that only these kind of channel can provide educational knowledge , and for some people they do n't consider watching these channel as entertainment .
All kinds of shows can give you all kinds of different knowledge , even when you watch movies .
But , of course , there will be some channel that is not suitable for child under 18 or are just for adult .
All kinds of programs have something that you can think about , it just depend on how you look at it .
So television entertains , but can it also educate ?
Yes , of course , but only when you look at it as a way you wanna learn something .
My studies in tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score all worldwide , but also has to many good things , for example , we have a lot of interchanges all around the world , when you have the opportunity to do an interchange you have to deal with the language and the culture with the other country , that means you have to be responsible for studying the basics things of that country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .
It 's good for health and wellness .
I really enjoy it because it give me a lot of relax and it help me to be tonic and satisfied with myself .
Usually I go three times a week and during the weekend .
I advice peolpe to start this sport , because it is completely and make you mind with the body feel very good .
When I was fourteen years old , I win the championchip because , in that period , I swam as a agonistic atlet .
Nowadays , I 'm really grateful to my parents because they have spent money for me and I have to thanks them .
To : International organisation
From : Dimitris Barberis
Subject : Our green town
Introduction
The aim of the report is to write about how are town take care of the environment .
I do a research and this are my findings .
Rubbish
Also , we have recycle bins for paper and glass .
Cleaners
Every Saturday our local cleaning team clean the park and now everyone can enjoy it !
Conclusion
It is common that more and more people get overweight , caused by too much fastfood and an unhealthy lifestyle .
On the one hand , I ca n't imagine that a little scine on the food can people entrap to stop their shopping and read the warnings .
Life is fast moving and time is money .
Everything has to happen fast .
This action would decrease the amount of gas emitted to the environment .
One basic solution for this point is to try to not take a shower for so much time but taking it with a bucket and for just a few minutes .
Another solution is to not waste water while we are washing dishes .
We should use another bucket for this task .
Therefore , the environment is not going to recover if we do not decide to take our part in dealing with this global problem .
Paxton had arrived at Seaburght to in Hotel .
One night , Paxton was speaking with them about the crown that had spoken with an old man ( Bob Cartes ) and said to him to about the family Agers who protected the crown .
But one of them had dead a little while ago and he was the one who protected the crown .
An day in the morning , Paxton waited to Long y the writer , but he listened that someone called him suddenly he goes for the beach and is killed for the shadow .
Public transport is and always will be very important for society .
As we 've seen , these days , that the amount of cars is increasing so much every year .
As a consequence of an increasing in the number of private cars .
Governments around the world have been talking a lot about the measures that should be taken to improve public transport quality .
I was manager at a retail store .
I decided to go back to school .
The program I start at school was very tough for me , because of my slow English writing .
I am trying my best and hope I will pass my course and get a good job .
Hi Jo !
But in 3 weeks I 'm free .
When do you want to come ?
Write to me soon , please .
Mireia
The future of transport is the public , because the traffic it will be less .
When the people travel by car it is for work , holidays or for other motive .
I will start with old transport , if we did n't make any maintenance , this type will be damaged and we will lose it .
In the future , every person will use his own car and there will be no need for public transport.this type of transport have a path and just take you for specific places and you ca n't use it to go to small streets .
But in some country , You can use the underground ( metro ) , it is very advanced than old types , like Bus or Taxi , The underground is faster and clean and arranged . .
About pollution , it is a big issue in public transport , with time if you try to fix the machine of public transport , that will be coste , because with time the live age of this machine will finish .
Michael is a man of 22 years , he has studied for the career of electricity engenieer and now he wants to put into practice his knowledge .
He could not be at home all day doing such nothing , so he started to look for another job that would be suitable for him .
When he was a kid , he wanted to work in a videogames shop , so for his good luck it was available a job at the Play Station store .
Of course , he does not think twice and go for print out his curriculum because the interview was that day , then he took a shower and dress for the occasion .
He prepared something to eat fast , brushed his teeth , he just took his mobile , keys and money , but he had n't noticed that he was forgetting of his curriculum .
However , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My favourite sport is soccer .
It is an interesting activity!There is the Fifa world cup too !
There are some soccer stars like Messi , Neymar , Ronaldo ...... Soccer can make you healthier .
First , the teacher will train us in soccer technique .
Next , we will have a soccer competition .
We need to be careful .
Soccer is an interesting sport but we need to be careful .
My father is 73 years old , his name is Brahim .
He is tall and smart . He looks like a movie star .
My father has many hobbies , he plays foot ball , reads newspaper and listens to the Radio .
In my opinion , family is more important than friends , but probably I spent more time with my friends than my family . I know if I need something my family is always there .
Unfortunately , my best friend deceived me , I do n't know how she managed it , but she hurts me .
My cousins are very reliable , like my grandmother and my parents .
I do n't trust in some members of my family and I have friends like brothers .
For me , my best friends are in my family , except one .
She
My city is Jaén . It 's in the east of Andalucia and is an important cross ways between the south and the center os Spain .
It 's over a high hill with difficult slopes to arrive because the most important property is that it is impregnable .
In the reconquest age the stronghold never downfall with a direct assault , finally the Castellan 's army , after a large siege , force to the government to surrender it .
Then , in the 18th century , the Napoleonic army lived in it until the end of the independence Spanish war .
I prepare class every day .
I try to do all the activities in class .
I do n't have enough time to practise and do activities at home .
I need to speak and participate more in class .
We speak most of the time , so it is good to develop our confidence and fluency to converse .
First of all , a boat moves across the sea and the sea is very beautiful .
Finally , It is the safest way for travel , because we do not have many dangers , such as crashing , falling , any other kinds of danger in the sea .
I advise you to travel by boat if you have enough money for it .
Have you ever practised rafting?Do you know how amazing it is to do this cool sport?If you do n't know nothing about it , it 's high time to do it !
It 's extremely exciting !
In contrast , you could suffer some nasty cuts or , even though , being sunburnst .
Let 's go !
You wo n't regret it !
My life now
One of the most important experience , I think , was coming to study to Tijuana .
Before I came here , I was so dependent of my parents and I had a lot of fear , but I learned to overcome all the things that stopped me .
I was born here .
When I had 4 years , old I went to live to Ensenada because my father worked there .
I was used to living with my whole family in Ensenada .
Since when I was born to my 18 years old , I was living whit them , but now I live in a small apartment .
I used to live in assistent house . It was my first place where I lived in Tijuana , then I changed to an aparment with two friends .
All weekends , I used to going to Ensenada for visiting my family , my boyfriend and my fiends .
I learned that you need to face your fears , to achieve your goals .
I do not regret what I did , because I am do what I like .
Now I am so independent and I have learned how to live alone .
I live in a small village on countryside with only a few people .
Even if we are a country , we take care of the environment through the use of photovoltaic systems on the roofs of many houses , such as the nursery school and other houses that have this systems to produce energy .
The garbage truck picks up paper once a week , plastic two times at month and undiferretiated three times a week to all people who live in my country .
My district makes clean my village and it usually tries to make it attractive with new social initiatives for the community .
When I was 10 years old , I met my best friend .
When we were 12 , we played in the garden with the balls and with the other boys and girls , but when we were 12 years old , everything changes . We do n't want to play in the garden because we preferred cinema or watching TV .
Because of age changing us , we did n't see us , but in the moment that we grew up more , we met us the weekends and sometimes we 're upset about some problems that we had .
Now , we discuss sometimes but we love us because he always stay together in the good moments to take a coffee or talk about our lives , but he also stay together in the bad moments , despite being friends since we were 10 years old .
For this reason , I think that friendship is so important thing in the life .
It is true that we are a lot of users that want to use the car but , and that amount is growing up ; as well there are a lot of people that do n't have the posibility to have a car and some use the public transportation because many reasons , like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than a car , or because of the traffic , some times for people it is so exhausting to drive for lots of hours an even some times the public transportation is faster .
In our opinion , globalization is a good thing that happen to us , allow us to interact with all the world , so we can meet the cultures , monuments , etc .
It bring us a lot of opportunities to change and , in some cases , to get a better life in other countries like find a job with the highest salary .
Although we need to change some things in the world , more than these is to change a lot of things in the third world countries , because it is not acceptable that in the twenty - first century a person has to live with less than a dollar per day .
Dear Molly ,
it was very beautiful , because I can see much films for free and I meet all the young people of my country .
In the morning , I walk around the cinema and the most important place of my country and I talk about the films that the people can watch .
they do more questions and I very funny for this .
I cry a lot for this film , but it 's very important for me because I love disney 's film .
I do n't lose anyone !
I love you
Marta
Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called go green Vancouver that it will protect the environment by selecting the rubbish by containers . At the same time , there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provided a 3 containers for each house ; one for papers one for bottles , y the last one for rubbish materials .
Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut down on spends of the water by 50 % using a recycle water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the wasten and so saving our planet .
Finally , every city hall is improving the care of the environment because there is an incentive programmes from the goverment like if they cut the spends of every house by 50 % city halls will get more money from the central government .
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element to speak English , if you know grammar , you only know certain rules to write , but I think that speaking is most important than writing , because when you go to anyplace in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you ; in this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you would n't unsderstand anything ; but here is another topic , whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to realize what the person is trying to say .
According to your e - mail , we discovered that the price should be USD 122 instead of 222 .
Awaiting for your prompt amendment as soon as possible .
It helps me keep healthy .
It leep me in a positive mood .
I can seen much scenery in a short times . I can buy goods along the road .
Buy a good bike is the first to do when you start to ride .
Perhaps the clearest example of this is that , unlike in the past , it is not necessary to buy envelops and stamps to send the letter .
Instead , people prefer to email or text to send messages .
My favourite sport is basketball .
This sport is very easy to play .
You need to play it on a team .
You do exercise to be strong and have ability in your legs and your hands .
I love this sport .
In some cases , you could have an accidents , but that 's not probably .
By Emma Aguirre Fuentes
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to apply for the job advertised on your webpage .
I have already been on camps before .
Yours faithfully
Mary Pink
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the job in a summer camp advertised on February 9th on local newspaper .
I have worked for the last 10 year as a teacher in junior school .
I am very good in cooking as well , so I think I can be helpful in the kitchen also . I am confident that My profile makes me a very suitable candidate for the summer camp .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
John Alder
The members of my family are my best friends .
Because we spend a lot of time together .
Because people have to use many communication techniques to communicate with other people .
If we want to have a good life , we must make good communication in our families .
Hi !
My name is Anton .
I used to have training twice a week .
I liked that time a lot .
Now I 'm a business analyst .
I work at an office and have no ideas where are my friends .
This year I decided to star visiting a pool and swim up to three times a week .
I like swimming a lot .
Nowadays , the obtion of broaden the ming traveling is very commun .
In my opinion I think that it is not the only way , but it is the best way .
Apart from that , you see new places and you have fun , you also lern others cultures , historicals facts , you also lern to respect others peoples and thirs costums .
In addition , you do n't think in yours problems and the only thnig that you do is have fun and do what you whant to do .
Besides , you see new world and thirs form of lives and that helps to open you mind , to see the world in other way .
In conclussion I think that it is the best way to opemn your mindn . Not the only way , but yes , the best way .
many countries are truly started to be concern no the environment and worried about the globe warming , In schools , teachers are doing their best to educate children in how to take care of their schools and keep them tidy , also , they train them in how to plant trees in the public gardens of their towns ,
Although the government strict so many laws and taxes in the people how do not pay their taxes to the council for cleaning of the rubbish from towns and villages , in the biggest polluted city in the world , people have started to use bicycles and cycling instead of driving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city , also , they invented different ways to plant even every little area which can be planted to keep their city clean and attractive .
Apparently , it is going to make more pollution and more global warming issue .
How ever , using cars makes the life easier , but when everyone or every house they will own at least three cars , it is too much .
Although the traffic jams , the accidents etc .. .
In my opinion , every country they should have different kind of public transport ;
buses , subways , and trains .
For instance , San Francisco it is a great example for an incredible city , the variety of choices in the public transport it is remarkable .
In spite of the cost of these facilities , it is going to be expensive , but it is necessary .
In conclusion , The governments should work on that , because the people need the public transport and the world for the environment , life expanses it is much cheaper than having a car .
I hope to see it around the world , public trans port is something we can not avoid or replace with another thing .
In the future , public transport will disappear .
Everyone will have his own car .
way to move from one place to another .
Recommend to friends what country we have to go to .
first of all , nowadays , wherever we go we can find Italian restaurant easily .
It was awesome .
Venice is a city that is based on water .
On the other hand , it could be complicated . but nobody complaint .
Third , Italy is famous for fashion .
if you are a person who love fashion , you will enjoy going there .
The last thing is history .
This country has a lot of history .
so if you want to visit any country , i 'm going to recoomend to Italy .
The biggest anecdote , that I have with my friend , was our trip to Disney world .
But this is not the end of our trip , we went on a voyage in a Royal Caribean cruise ship , where all the food and drink was free , because it was also paid .
To sum up , this trip was the best experience we have had in our lives , because we make friends , visit a new country and we have a lot of fun .
All about me
My name is Laura .
I have one twin sister , one little sister and one little brother .
He is four years old ( the same age as my little brother ) .
My grandpa lives in Spain with my step grandma , but she is like my grandma .
I do n't like spiders and shoots .
I went to a awesome concert of points of view and I know that I look forward to telling you how it was .
But let me tell you it was a concert that the performed Lala Band and I have taken and I especially , I was the cameraman .
It was an excellent night .
We were all excited , those from Lala Band minunate .
Their . Their voices have positive vibration through their musical and give you a good feeling .
I am feeling wonderful and my promise is that when I going to have a special occasion to go to a concert supported by Lala Band , you will be with me .
As like this in all my heart .
I . I hope as those recounted by me in this mail and you feel a slight vibration from the concert .
Hi Emma ,
are you busy now ?
OMG , I can ' t stop imagine until now .
You must watch it too , because your favorite actor is also in this film .
He is in a secondary actor , but I am really sure you will have imagine as liar as me too .
Why are there so many cool man in this world .
xoxo
A white man racially profiles a black man .
Kevin heart is in a difficult situation because his nothing at all what this man expect him to be , but he plays the role anyway .
The movie is already a success , opening at the box office with a $ 36 million endorsement .
I am very excited to see kevin heart and will Ferrell 's characters come together .
They seem to have great chemistry between them .
I think if you 're a comedy fan you will be excited to see the movie and , even if you 're not , the movie is a must - see .
I am writing to apply for the Summer Camp Job .
My name is Filipa and I am sure that I am the perfect person for this job .
I am not used to cook to this number of people , but I am a hard worker and I am a fast learner , so I am certain that I will be in a great help for you this summer .
Best regards ,
Filipa
Dear Sir ,
I 'm writing on behalf of Mrs Renata Barczak .
30th October works for Renata to meet in Berlin .
Is it possible to arrange a meeting near this station ?
I think in the future it is n't necessary to use the public transport . and why ?
Simple , the new generation has decided do take your driving licence and I saw this around me , with my colleagues , my friends , my family .
This afirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient , say everything , for example , if we think of a lot of time we spent on wait bus to arrive at our destiny , and the traffic is one of a lot of things that makes everyone prefer buy car it more practical and fast .
In my opinion , the price of the ticket on the bus is expensive .
If we have a car , I believe we do n't spend much money .
It 's just my opinion , because this is my life , so I now what I am talking about .
I am part of the new generation where in the future will use car and the public transport are disappear .
Hi Isabel ,
How are you ?
Where are you from ?
I 'm from Italy , I live in Varese , a beautiful town not far from Milan in Lombardia .
Varese has many attractions between which there is the lake , where I like to stay .
Michael is a nice boy but one day he met Julia .
Julia is a pretty girl .
They spent time together and were very happy .
But Michael sometimes has a problem .
He is proud , it 's not a good way to be .
That makes them healthy .
In the argument , the author asserted that the city should prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza .
The author claimed that the business dropping causes by the increasing number of skateboarded users .
Based on the author 's two concern , the statement that drew a conclusion that to prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza is not a thoughtful and wise decision .
However , there are many reasons that can cause the business dropping .
Probably , the stores are too old in Central Plaza , which could not attract customers to walk into them , and they will have to renovate .
Second , the author claimed that the sanitation problem caused by skateboarded users is not only happen by specific person , whenever more customers should bring more waste and wrongdoing .
Moreover , the problem would case by skateboarding immediately is the skateboarded users take over pedestrian walking space .
In contact author 's concerns , the increasing skateboarded users would bring more potential to improve the business in Central Plaza .
On the other hand , the author should provide profound discussion why people who come to Central Plaza do n't shop there .
To strengthen the author 's conclusion , the author should put the factors above in the argument .
I have a big family which consists of three sisters and one brother .
when my sisters are married they have one or tow children at most .I think the Egyption family became simller with the passage of time .
Secondly , it 's so addictive , because the body need more and more , so if you consumed cocaine , you would leave because you 'll be an addict .
Finally , the consecuense of cocaine are the dead , if you sniff all the time cocaine or a lot , you will die early .
Oh , cool ! I haven't watched BH6 yet u.u
But if you want , I see some work in special , feel free to show me via note or mention ^^
ultimately public transport would be negligible in the future .
the main one is , nowadays people are dead busy with their day to day life , so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time for waiting on the way for the regular transport . also public transport is experienced lots of pollution which is harmful for human being .
for example , lunch time travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emission of carbon mono oxide , which is effected to red blood cells and irritate to breathing system . as a result , they prefer personal transport system for prevent from such hazards .
to illustrate , If teenage girls travel by public transport every day who will interact with society beyond the limitation.so it is a big challenge to them .
Principally , we need to have the Financial States , so we need them as fast as you can because , if not , we would have legal problems .
I would like to know if you can give us those services and in what time you l have them .
Also , if it is the case , I would like to arrange a meeting to give you all the documents you need .
Sincerely , Tania Amado .
Dear friends ,
Thank you for the weekend .
For next time , we would like to invite you to our woodhouse .
We hope to see you soon !
Best wishes !
The graph shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream in two places - one is from an ice - cream van while the other is in an indoor public swimming pool , from 2012 to 2014 .
However , compared to the line of indoor swimming pool , the difference of seasonal achievement of the ice - cream van is considerably large .
Overall , the achievement of the ice - cream van is better than the indoor swimming pool , from about 1100 to 5500 .
The best season to sale the ice cream from the van is autumn , while that is one of the worst season for the indoor swimming pool .
One day many years ago in something place that a do n't remember the name of , I woke up one morning more earlier than usual , then I went to the kitchen and shout the name of my mother ... but no one answered , and the first thing that I imagine is that they come to the town , quickly I went out to find they ...
Suddenly I felt a warm hand that touched my shoulder and very slowly turn but the only thing I saw was a shadow that was holding a knife .
I woke up and realised it had all been a bad dream .
Recently , when I was in youtube , I saw a movie trailer , the film appeared so good , and days later , my friends told me if I wanted to go with them to the cinema , so I decided to go and , luckily , they had decided to see the film that days before I had seen .
The film is a romantic movie , It is talking about one man , Noa , who lives in a small shore town , when he felt in love with a rich girl , but like always , the girl 's parents did not like Noa 's life , because the girl 's father thinks that Noa is not enough good for their daughter .
And at the end of the summer , the girl went out , but next year she comes again , but this time , she has a boyfriend and this break Noa 's heart .
The first of all , I should say that I like a lot of different kinds of sports .
One of my favourite types of sport is swimming .
I swim from childhood . I feel enjoy myself while I am swimming .
My advice for everyone who starts swim is feel to enjoy yourself while you swimming .
Thank you for your attention !
Public transport was create to release the traffic in big town centres and also to facilitate workers ' commute .
Nowadays , trains and buses are usually packed and the ticket fares are very expensive .
I particularly decided to drive to do my day to day tasks such as , shopping , visiting friends , church and so on .
I hope you can grant me the opportunity to have a meeting .
Mario Monteagudo
What a nice poem , at least mention the name of a proficient poet too .
If it is unspeakably for public readings , thus mention it in the email .
Thanks for your good wishes as well .
Hi my name is Robert .
My favourite sport is basketball .
I really like this sport .
I was 7 years old when I played it for the first time .
Our team won this match .
My advice for someone who want to play this game , is that you do n't have to be tall or fast , when you play you have to think a lot .
My favourite player is Marcin Gortat .
He is a Polish basketball player .
He is really tall , hi have 202 centimeters .
I ca n't give you to many advice , but one thing I know , a team work is the most important thing in this game .
In the first place , my country 's politics is bad , and people have not work .
In the second place , there are very important people , and they want to have a lot of money .
You must be a person in charge and a worker , and you will be able to find a good work .
If you have any problems , you can call me ! !
I will wait for your call .
Television entertains us , it can also educate .
Teleplay are not just for fun , it can have a deep meaning , short story tells big deal , just , just like a useful book .
Television is just like a kaleidoscope , there are various materials provided for us .
Syria has a lot of good restaurants .
The Damascus restaurant at the centre of the city is quite a nice place to have a meal .
It has all kinds of food , even the really fancy ones .
You can enjoy having your breakfast there with your family , because they have too many types of food .
This restaurant also has games for children , which they can spend their time playing it .
It 's a very nice restaurant which I prefer the most .
The invention of the car has made people 's lives easier .
No No more they have to solely depend on public transport .
But public transport has a fixed schedule and on a rushing day not many can really enjoy their journey .
At those times , a car is convenient to use .
The home of the future .
In present times , the houses is very different , but in the future houses will be
perhaps the same .
The progress of the technique is very fast .
From : horses , steam vehicle , first petrol and gas car to future cars when the drive will be electricty .
The last film I saw was " The Enormous Island " , so I am going to review it for the students film club .
The story tell us the story of Monica(Scarlett Johansson ) and her routine living in " Cretacro " , an enormous mysterious island located in the Pacific Ocean , the problem starts when Monica fell in love with Martin .
Martin was a solitary and quiet guy who moved to Cretacro to relax , but he change when he met Monica in the principal restaurant .
I work for a coffee shop in the center city .
After that , I going to learn English class on 3 days in a week .
Books , books and again books .
I really like to read everything I can catch and I will have a look in every book to see what it is about .
Often , I like to read biography books , history books and novels , but I really like Jane Austen 's books .
I have all her colections books at home and I enjoyed a lot to have a trip with her characters in Bath and all around . I like to read children 's books and I had lots of fun with Beatrix Potter books and all her little animals , with Peter and all of them .
I have at home lots of books here and in my country , but I like to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look on charithy and at bootsale because I can find lots of nice books and pay a very good price for them .
When I need a book for my English classes , I go to Waterstone or to Amazon .
A few mounts ago , I read Miserable by Victor Hugo , I read this book when I was in high school , but I haven't think on the subject .
But now I really enjoyed it , and me best friend both for me a ticket for a theatre to see the musical show , which was amazing , for cuople of hours , I did n't move , was a brilliant present .
This Saturday , I start a new book by Francine River , the book could The Warior I haven't finish the first chapter , but I find the book very good .
I have read others books by this writer and I really enjoyed them .
Nowadays , there are many ways to public transportation , such as underground , buses , and etc . , but it is a reality that the people prefer to move by car .
Currently , traveling by car is more useful than public that transport , you can move around the city and reduce enough time sometimes you can share your car with friends or family and this way of transportation will be cheaper .
However , I think your mind is similar to what our forebear thought , because for them , society are never going to get the transport we have nowadays .
Moreover , we have still a lot of things which we can and must improve , like travelling security , comfort and economic sources .
According to Wordsworth , a poet is not a common man , he has a greater sensibility and knowledge .
The poet is seen as a prophet , he has to improve people 's moral life and drive them to the truth .
He is the only one who can produce poetry in a simple language , thanks to imagination and memory .
I live in a big city and I have the opportunity to see a lot of tourists during the year .
Sometimes I give them some information about where the name of streets or where the main monuments are .
As you see , there are a lot of opportunities for the tourists to spend their own money in my city .
You have only to choose what is the best for you .
You will not regret it .
Hello , I really want this job , because I 'm a happy person who enjoy nature , travel around the wold , and have a lot of friends .
I 'd like to work in the team area , and shows , and share stories , because I like to talk to people , and I like kids .
My town do much efforts to take care of the environment , they put many pins in the streets to keep it clean also they prevent private drivinig at many days to keep the air clean , they seed trees to absorb co2 and release o2 , they build factories away from the house of population to prevent the respiratory diseases which is a result of air pollution from factories , so not only my country it self but also the individuals follow a proper way to keep the environment clean .
Football is my favourite sport and I enjoy it because it is an aggressive game and fun .
The goal is to get the ball inside the opponents ' net with your foot only .
In 1994 , The Scream painting , one of the most expensive paintings of the worls , was stolen in the National Gallery of Oslo ( Norway ) .
At first , the police detective thought one of the special band was stolen the painting .
Then , researchers knew that Pal Enger , art - thief more popular in Norway , was the person who had stolen the painting .
3 months ago , he wants 1 million dollars for the painting , but the Norway government said no .
I have developed organizational and time management skills through my work with different companies .
About my personality , I am outgoing and enthusiastic .
I could provide an extraordinary service with a smile , even if I was under an unexpected situation .
2 Attachments
wasting time is a huge issue in our life . a lot of knowledges related to time , such as : history , education and healthy .
We discuss a special topic about how we come faster than a time.this famous quote explains my previous idea " time is a sword ; if you did not cut it , it will cut you " .
Many people do n't care about wasting their time even when they are busy .
Actually , in my life , I consider it as a king of my system , who controls the whole of my day .
However , we should be balance from the both types .
she wasted it . She can not get it back .
There is a time to love and a time to hate .
Also , there is a time to break down and a time to build up .
Imagine how you will live if you do n't have knowledge of the thing called ' time ' .
I will tell you my negative attitude about time before I take a lesson from my brother .
I did not care to time . I usually said this is my life and my time .
He will leave me at home or I had to pay for him two riyals for every minute if I was late to him .
On time , penictual
I think that there is a future for public transport , because there are still exist people who can not afford to buy a car , even though travelling by car is much more convenient .
We have to consider that people need to earn sufficient money to support their families and be able to buy a car .
I 'm Sara and i 'm 24 years old .
I 'm interested in this job because at the moment I haven't got a job .
In the work I 'm a responsibility person , I am never last arriving .
Also , I always work with children and I have a teacher certificate . I'm a friendlier person and I have a good curriculum .
I began to work 4 years ago in a special children 's school .
I like to prepare my activities a week before , then when I have to do this activity it is more fast .
I think that this job is for the children 's enjoy , so I 'm the correct person because I like playing with them .
Firstly , staff and Personnel design the background colour , the artwork and the scuriity issues on the bank notes , which is also done in process of other card , such , such as notes for supermarket .
Then , in the preparation process , skilled machinists prepare of metal plates for printing .
After that sheets of bank notes are printed , there are differences and specials for it , it use special ink , and print colors on both side , images are slightly rised .
However , sheets that are " partally damages " will be inspect again and separated into good and bad sheets , and sent for further actions .
I 'd like to wtite in this subject because it 's a very importnant topic .
my favourite sport is football , I like it so much . It means for me a lot , It means partnership , teamwork , entertainment , exercise .
I advise any one dream to be one of the most famous teams that works on hisself a lot & and play football a lot to be profectional in this sport & show a lot of matches & followed by captain supervised on him
This issue is not clear - cut on both money and job satisfaction are important in deciding on a career in our life .
I think that , on balance , it is more important to try to get satisfaction .
First , happiness comes from inside our mind .
We work eight hours a day , so if we submerge in a bloody pond in a long time , we could definitely turn ourselves frustrated .
I would choose a job with satisfaction .
Cooking has been my favorite in my life .
Although the heat in the kitchen could burn us , the smile on the customers ' faces gives us the best courage .
Job satisfaction could make us to purchase perfection .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
I want to tell you about the concert which I was last month .
As you know , I adore Madonna .
She can make a very exciting show and surprise her fans .
They have purchased green bins and it have done a graffiti that says : Keep the city clean is all .
they have also a playground where children can play and moms can sit on benches and gray when grandparents to accompany their grandchildren 's and a red deck painted with some dolls that say .
What is my city clean .
passion is something that makes you happy in your life .
when you have the desire to do something , somehing you always dream to achieve it , something is touch you inside when not only do it , but also when you think about it .
you should calm down and be away from the fast lifestyle and decide to do something or apply for a job which makes you a great man , and then you will find your passion .
The Home of the Future .
But what will there be in the future ?
Possible we will live in a space or underground .
In the future , everything can change .
But I think that not many things will change .
Probably , houses will be smaller or bigger .
A variety of negative impacts appears under rapid urbanization .
Not only the growing proportion of impervious surfaces , but also the " false " green infrastructure contributes to it .
Mountains of studies have demonstrated that green infrastructure is an economical , beautiful and effective strategy to control storm water .
However , urban flood keeps raging , even when the amount of green infrastructure full fills the storm water control needs in some areas .
As you know that , soccer is a sport which has many people in a group , so it requires us to unite and assistance together .
most of girl does nt like this , i think that it takes us energy , we need to do exercise , have a reasonable diet ... and so on .
Our Mistakes mistake made us better than before . If in life we had't got any mistake , we would n't succeed . That 's why the mistakes are very important in life and I believe our mistake improve us . so
but in another way there just one mistake and you could not come back or arranged your mistake
As I lived for more than 12 years on the countryside , I was dependent on busses and trains .
In the morning , I needed to get to school and , in the evenings , public transport helped me to get home .
First , this kind of advertisement should be forbiden reasoning the fact that young children are still strongly vulnerable .
For instance , when I was three years old , I used to be captivated for all the toys which were presented on tv commercials just because of the way they were exposed .
One of them was " the ultimate max steel " , which was about a hundred dollars .
Secondly , I am also opposed to the allowance of this advertisement because of the severely consequence it causes into the parents ' and child 's relationships .
Many parents have an unhealthy relationship , or even a wrecked relationship , with their kids .
One example is what happened with / to my cousin Patricia when she had her first child , called Sophia .
One day , sophia got really excited with an advertisement about barbie doll and she could not think about anything else than having this toy .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
I read your advertisement in my newspaper last week .
Also , I can work long hours .
I 'm really interested in that job .
By the way , I live near to the cafe , so I have a short duty stroke and will come every time punctual .
Yours sincerely
Niklas Lakatos
I would like to be consider to work in your cafe during the weekends .
I consider myself to be a responsible and enthusiastic person .
I am really interested in different kinds of food and I love to cook .
I am used to deal with people and their orders to eat , and also , I am getting used to working long hours as I study while I am trying to get a job .
Yoana .
My town is very beautiful and I like it very much because it is not any dirty streets in it .
The governor of my city seek to develop it and he said it will be the capital of the delta actually after 30 years ago
the people in my town deal with rubbish by healthy method , the citizens collecting the rubbish and threw it in big boxes far away from the city .
Tanta will be an attractive city and it will be an important tourism point in the future .
The baby 's name was nemo .
When Nemo grows up , he goes to his first school day , and there he is going to be captured by a man .
Nemo 's father knowns a fish called Doris that wanted to helped him , they cross all the ocean to go to Nemo 's location to save him , while Nemo tries to survive in a dentist 's house .
I think you would love it .
With love , Santiago .
This question is awkward for me because I do not like sport .
When I was young , I tried Badminton , Squash and Teakwondo .
I try to keep fit , and I walk one hour every day .
It is a fact that pollution is the one of the biggest concernment of the advanced world .
In the following paragraphs , I am going to analyze these issuses in a detailed way to provide a solution .
Dear Tom
I 've fully understand why it is so difficult finding which activity is more important for You .
However , sometimes we need to sacrifice something when we do n't have enough time for everything .
As you know , I am a person who likes sport and music , but if I have to decide which of those activity are more important , then I would prefer sport .
For example , if You are active every day , you can keep your health in good condition .
In conclusion , I think you should give up your music classes .
Regards
Mikolaj
Truly , there is no future for public transport .
Nowadays , cars are more affordable than ever .
Almost every single household has more than one car .
Three Suggestions to be a Doctor
Do you want to be a doctor?.Many people around the world want to help people , so they choose to study medical .
When study hard at the high school , you will be
By looking at the current situation of people 's lives , we can imagine the changes that can occur in the future .
People are not interested in physical exercise & healthy food . Instead they are very much interested in earning money .
With no physical exercise & Healthy food , people are damaging their health and family relations .
Now a days nobody has enough time to spend with family , Rather they prefer to make more money by working extra hours .
If people live the same way as now , in the future , people will be considered as working robots instead of human beings .
When I was a junior high school student , I enjoyed playing basketball with my classmates .
If you play the basketball and enjoy the game , you just go to the basketball gym with a basketball , and trying to throw the ball into the basket again and again .
Do n't forget to play with your friends .
They are distinguished mainly by the disciplines from which they come : marketing and management , economics and geography .
Not everyone has a car , so public transport is needed for every country .
Public transport is helping people to get to work on time and help to reduce pollution .
it helps people to keep on track in their schedule .
i , m a very happy person and very interested about cooking and all things about the kitchen its cool . My dreamjob is a cook .
Hi Michael ,
How are you ? I just want to say hello .
I watched a Greek TV show .
Dear Dana Grey ,
There will be leaflets , cartels at its disposal , in which it will be able to find museums , churches , exhibitions .
I recommend you to visit Caceres .
The best thing it is what stay for visiting .
Sheila Giménez
Ágora Manager
We can really confirm that there is no future for public transport , if so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and go to the office , the city , or home and so on using private transport , however we can also think that in the centre has no parking for car or it is not enough for the whole private car , thereby , if we use a public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less , simply because we are able to save money and time .
A comparison between people who like to use a public transport and private transport shows that the first one can save money and time but also they are in relax much more than people who use private transport .
Finally , I do n't think that private transport is much better than public transport .
I hope that those people who wrote this article can change their thought and can likely to write a very useful article .
i like volei because it was part of my life and of the life of my mother , is my favorite sport , but i like over sports too , same i do n't play volei because I 'm bad , and my friends that I know , do n't like of peoples bad of volei .
I'm watching they playing , they 're really very good , but when they play over school , they 're very bad .
In the modern growing world , The basic needs of the general public are increasing day by day and their expectations on quality of life took a new dimensions .
When we were in our childhood , we used to deal with public transport for going from one place to another because that was the only a cheaper option available .
But today , Things are getting change and technology marked a significant role in our life , The automobile segment increased its vertical and having a car becomes a need from luxory .
We can see nowadays , more and more people would prefer to use their own car instead of buses or taxis because they feel comfortable and mobile in it .
A car can help him to go anywhere and at anytime in much less time as compared to public transport .
I believe that , as soon as the Automobile sector develop new technology in cars , people will be more keen to use their own vehicle instead or public transport .
There are many reasons responsible for a better understanding between parents and child .
The first reason is no other than the generation gap .
What is more , parents always consider their child the best .
Parents often compare their child to others , and this also plays a role in this case .
As far as I know , how to better understanding between parent and child .
According to the present situation , it is a pity that their relative influence happiness family .
The sum up the above argument , we should take some measures and have a positive attitude .
On the one hand , we may take a communication forum , it can share everyone 's cerebration .
On the other hand , we should stand in other point and think about their reasons .
Only by talking about your points with your parents can you prove all the problem .
Furthermore talking with parents can provide argued with them .
the are a lot of different type of sports but one of them is the most practice in the world : the football .
football is a simple sport , where the player must kick the ball in the opponent goal . in this sport , you improve principally the leg muscles , but all your body move .
the football is a sport that group and fun a lot of nation .
For us ( Mainque and Lucia ) , computers does n't have to replace the humans . because they do n't have a brain and ca n't feel anything .
Computers have to obey the orders of humans .
Computers depend on humans for their existence .
And it is going to be this way for all the eternity .
The graph is taken from the website " Statistiken aus Deutschland " .
It depicts the growth of the population in " Germany " .
The graph comprises only German people and no migrants .
You can see it rose sharply in 2003 .
In 2005 was a low , but it grew than again .
In 1998 , you are able to see that it decreased slightly .
" The Exorcist " , the film .
The Actor 's interpretativos are sublime , and they make you feel afraid all film .
The Especial effects are amazing .
Even though is destacable the fidelity with the text of the novel .
On thing that I find interesting , is that this film is atemporal ; I mean that you can watch it in any decade of your life , and it ever seems like a nowadays film .
Nowadays , with the development of society , a large number of forests and lands are replaced by tower blocks and transport networks .
First and foremost , it can make contaminations to the environment , which can affect our health .
Through this comparison the author wants to mark that the pagan spring festival may look like a celebration of christian beliefs , but it is not .
On Easter time , the important thing is to consecrate Christian tradition . on the contrary , the pagan spring festival does n't focous on consecration but rather on celebration .
My town takes care of the environment , because the people of my town try to plant how many trees and plants as they can .
The people of my town try to plant plants in the centre or somewhere that is too smoke , so they try to keep the air at recommended levels.on the morning , a lot of people go on footto the work or to the school , or ride a bike , or they take the bus .
The people try to move the local factories out of the country , where there is less air polluted , less smoke , less cars and more forests and plants .
travelling by car is convenient , but for mass poeple public transport is very important and much need .
no of all people could afford to make conveyenc by car .car is easy and cozy also , but public transprt is fair and is much affordable to all clasess of poeple
The coat of arms of the city of Rybinsk is a scarlet heraldic shield , over which - green with golden beach pier , for which the output is a black rebelling bear holding in the left leg on the left shoulder a golden ax , undertwo silver starlet
I like to drive my moped , because I love speed , and its fun to go out and drive with your friends to a sea or maybe a BBQ party .
my name is Mustafa . I am 23 years old and I am a Student in collage . I search for a job but I do n't find a job
I wish that my country become a great country and better , and I wish to get married to someone who I love her
Recently , Scotland really has ' Hit the world ' for some of the Scotch have tried their best for the Scotland referendum .
However , just as I thought , more than 50 percent of Scots voted ' no ! ' , so Scotland did n't separated from the United Kingdom .
Public transport is here to stay .
- This goes without saying that cars are much more convenient than late trains , but I can not agree with the overall statement , although I do abhor using public transport .
I would be a tad oblivious thinking vehicle ownership is granted beforehand when younger .
As a grown - up now , I know full well how much more affordable public transport is , albeit less than before .
Dear Juan , we moved to London for the holidays in December , to a huge and beautiful house with a big garden , a garage and a tennis pitch .
They are doctors in a serious hospital .
In this area there are a lo of clothes shops and supermarkets , but here are n't any sports shops .
The school is near and it is n't necessary to take a bus .
I 'm so happy with these holidays , I hope I know good people and visit beautiful places .
Love , see you soon .
The rapid advancing information technology and the development of Internet networks enable the evolution of banking activities at a comprehensive level .
The connectivity derived from the Internet provides the invaluable business tool for online banking .
Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Liu , C.and Yao , J.E. ( 2003 )
So I think there will be a future for public transportation , and this may be because of the updated technologies .
My favourite sport is a football soccer , because it is the most popular sport on the worl .
After school , my friends and I go to a park to play soccer , we play for two hours .
when they were in the hospital because Fernanda foodbone , they gave her some chicken soup with a ladle , so she could drinker easily , she started feeling much better so they decided her mom and Daniela to leave Fernanda on their house so she could get some rest and so she could ate more chicken soup , because they want Fernanda to feel better .
Later they went to see a grotesque stroke , after Fernanda , crying , called Daniela 's mom because she also felt bad with the chicken soup , and she wanted to know in how much time they 'll returned to their house .
So Daniela 's mom and Daniela arrived at home at 11:00pm . It was obscure and they would n't me able to see Fernanda , on that time the light turned off , and they try to put them on but the lights did n't turn on .
They slept , and at the next morning they light turned on , and they saw Fernanda standing in front of them very tired of waiting for them , so she get angry with them and went to her room and she did n't come out from her room .
Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexed problem , so her mom told her that they came out from the park at 9:00pm . It was still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because they police thought that she had a globe with wine , and her mother told the police that she does n't have alcohol or wine on her car , and they police did n't believed her and they took them to the police station so they could check his car , and after about 10 minutes approximately they told her that she did n't have nothing . So they , went from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .
She had allude the police before that , but she did n't have anything on the car .
When Fernanda came out from her room , she started prying on her mom 's wallet to see if she did n't have anything about the police or something and she did n't have anything so she forgave her .
Hello Maria ,
Here is some information about us .
We are a married couple , both 32 years old , live at the moment in Flims in Kanton Graubünden .
I am originally from Ukraine , was living from 2009 till last year in Germany , and Juan is from Colombia , and has been in Switzerland since 3 years in Switzerland .
We 're looking for a new nice home , and so , we are truly interested to keep your place tide and take care about it as if it were our own .
If you 'd like , we could get the recommendations from our previous landlords .
Kind regards
Kate and Juan
But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? , that 's because of the people that changing their mind , they start to like having their own way to travel , Privacy is also an important reason , people need to have a private means of transportation .
that 's why there is no future for public transport .
I know I have to lean , but to start leaning is n't easy .
I do n't want to study , but there is no way out .
I have to .
My favourite sport is football , the principal reason why I like it is because , when I was younger , I played with my friends and we got together to play every day .
If I were a football player , I would like played in this team , but I think that it is very difficult , because , only the best players gets it .
Nowadays , I like others sports to practise : tennis , Basketball , ... but I prefer playing football with my mates on weekends , and then we drink some beers in the pub to celebrate the victory or the defeat .
These moments are very special and I hope to be able to enjoy them for many years .
Finally , I recommend this sport for the child in order to get a healthy life , get together with their friends , and forget for much time alcohol and drugs .
I love sports and I believe to practise it is the best thing to get a good life .
I am here to write about a composition about public transportation in Somalia , specially the capital city , Mogadishu , where there is a little public transport comparing to our neighboring countries . there is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model , which is the Van as well as very distracted roads , which may cause collateral damage .
Sometimes , passengers and drivers face risks and road blocks , which usually happen when the Somali government leaders are travelling across the city and even abroad .
So , having a good infrastructure helps a lot and constant peace and the people of Somalia will not suffer any more .
Thanks .
What would you like to buy ?
If you want , you can buy a lot of things there .
1 . Is it possible to go without a compression machine ?
2 . I 've noticed that the machine 's cost is higher than it 's been anteriorly .
Please , send to us the actual strip material price .
3 .
If we want to produce spiro ducts and other articles in the future .
As for as public Transport you can save fuel as well as reduce pollution , but it take more time to reach the destination .
while if you have your own conveyance , you can save time and , moreover , it is safe .
the most important thing is , there would be huge traffic on the roads and the traffic movement will be very slow .
but keeping in view of the environment , we should prefer to use public transport .
USA SUMMER CAMPS VACANT
Dear all
I am writing to you because I am interested in the job of summer camps .
I like going to camp because I love nature and I delight to know new people from around the world .
I consider myself a friendly and cheerful person because I always have a smile in my face .
However , I know how to cook every kind of food .
I hope a respond and please feel free to contact me .
Yours Sincerely ,
Andreas Costa
m98fhdf.fmn34@hotmail.com
123 456 7890 .
I live in Bhubaneswar with my family .
About fifty thousand people live in the city .
It is a clean and environmentally friendly city .
People who live here take care of the city 's environment , so the city became clean and green place .
The parks are full of greenery ; these parks are also used as playground for children .
Ten year before , the local governing body of the city decide to plant more tree and it asked advice from the citizens of the city about the proposal .
Everybody got interested in the project .
We planted trees near the side of highway , unused lands , and outside of the city .
The trees are also stop soil erosion in the rainy season .
In the Morning , a waste collection truck came and it take these waste away .
These waste materials are processed with environmentally friendly way .
The last film I saw was not new , in fact it was " The Others " .
" The others " is a film that is based on a family that lives in a house and in this where many strangers things happen .
The principal character is Grace , that is the mother of her two children , Nicholas and Anne .
In the film , there were servants , they were Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
This film is about a family that lives in a very big house .
Charles has to go to the war and Grace and her sons stayed in that house , but not they were not alone . They were with Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
Her sons have a problem which means that they ca nt see the natural light , and one they , Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying . So she went to their bedroom and the courtins was not there . So she go to the other room and the courtins also were not there . So she stars getting nervous and more nervous . so she go and talk to the servants , so she got very angry and she told them to go out of my house and they did not care so she pick up a gun and the old lady returned her keys .
Of course I recommend this movie , because it is very interesting and in some parts it is funny too , and Nicole is the principal character , so I love it !
In my opinion I do not agree with what journalists do , or to me , if I were a movie star , a famous man who has done many performances , I do not like every hour of the day to be pursued by journalists .
In addition , everyone wants to have a moment of privacy and because of journalists , papparazzi can not have a moment to relax , tutoring for children or dependent on what else you want to do , it and you can not because of journalists .
And another reason why I have so right in what I had to say in the ranks above is that you feel as if you were in a game then people are always these people and destroy families because they declare false Intrigue sometimes .
Sometimes they abuse the right to be a journalist with all sorts of questions , with no response , or have a partial response to these famous people can say that journalists have a stressful job for some people .
And finally , I would like to say yes , I are against these people , or they still might change their style and everything would be ok !
My fiance is 28 years old .
He is young and handsome .
He has a short , light - brown her and black Eyes .He has a light beard .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy , about 175 c.m , and his Weight is 71 k.g and he has a wight skin .He love going to the beach and he love swimming .He is a casual clothes wearing , such as Shirt and jeans , which are mostly blue , Gray and Black .If you see him , you notice how he is an elegant .
MOTASSEM is nice and a lovely fiance . He love his job as he is Patient will dong has jop .he is a hard worker and he has an amazing laughs .
.When you started talk with him , you will be inspire by his knowledge and his way of talk . he have the talent to Convinces
He is an orderly and Clean man .
He is the tip of person you ca n't forget easy .
I have a father , a mother and three sisters .
My parents are on patins , my first sister is 37 years old , she is married and she has 2 children , Zyad and Yassin , her name is eman .
My second oldest sister is 34 years old , she is single and she works as a customer service agent , her name is Shymaa .
My third sister is 29 years old , she is married and she has 2 children , jana and Salah , her name is Asmaa .
Asmaa is the best friend to me in my family .
Even though I always thought that doing any task with family is baseless but after my marriage I understood an importance of a family who always want to make me happy .
I feel proud to hug with him with full of my emotions and I forget all the stress developed in the office hours .
In the past , I do not care so much in respect of having good amount of stock , I always enquired about availability and love to get anything new for my sweet home .
I do not know why this kind of feeling arose , but whatever it is , I enjoy my days with family members .
I 'm very happy .
Kisses ,
Maria
But a lot of peoples saying that , the zoo can protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .
To sum up , there are a lot of cleary strong arguments for against keeping animals in zoo .
In my opinion , people should bulid some kind of wildlife parks . This solution will allow
people to watch animals in their natural environment , and most importantly , will allow
animals to safely reproduce .
It 's a really expensive sollution , but we must do that for
Nowdays , the number of endangered species has increased .
Aactivist of animals rights claimed that the reason is the keeping animals in zoo .
But lot of peoples saying that , the zoo can protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .
So what should we do with that problem ?
To sum up , there are lot of cleary strong arguments for against keeping animals in zoo .
In my opinion people should bulid some kind of wildlife parks . This solution will allow
people to watch animals in their natural environment , and most importantly , will allow
animals to safely reproduce .
It 's really expensive sollution , but we must do that for
our next generations .
So , if we still doing nothing new , out country will still be unattractive .
Humans prefer a luxurious life .
Public transport is a bit uncomfortable .
With the coming of cars , people are using public transport more rarely .
Because if everyone uses his / her car , pollution will increase and that will eventually affect every living being .
The " Casa Alvaro restaurant " is a restaurant situated in Valença , a small city in the north of Portugal .
There we can eat a lot types of dishes , but the most popular dishes are " costela " and " bacalhau na brasa " .
The restaurant won a Michelin star in 2013 .
As your enter the place , you are welcomed by a magnificent setting , a lot of photographs of the restaurant 's story and you have a wonderful view of the kitchen where you can see the chefs working , so you can see the quality of the food .
The clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is done . While clients are waiting , they always give them bread and wine .
The price of the food is expensive , but nothing pays a good meal .
In the end of the meal , you have to sign a book to recall in the future .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
My name is Abel Ferreira and I am 14 years old .
I speak English and I really like to work with kids and this is my dream job .
I am the suitable person for the job because I like to take care of kids and I have the capability of being empathic with other people .
I will wait for your answer ,
Abel Ferreira
for carreer has 80% ; under 26 years old students are taken it , for the age over 49 years old only has 20%people are taken ; but if you counper interest , it is totoly different ; for under 26 years old have only 10% ; but for over 49 years old it has 70% .
However , for 40 - 49 years old it is both 40% for career and interest .
The other chart is about employer support , under 26 years old is the most higterst because it almost have 70% , the scentd higterst is age 26 - 29 years old ; it has 50% of people are taken ; niy yhe most lower is 35% and the age of the group are 30 - 39 years old .
The best places for young people to visit in Sweden is Stockholm city and a few more places that can be exiting .
You can visit the old city and watch old buildings and the castel , you can watch the beautiful view from bridges over the water .
Young people may like to take a walk in king garden , where there is sakura trees .
If you like night life , you can go to some bars and night clubs that are open till morning .
But there are two places that i meant in the beggining , its a big zoo called Kolmorden and the biggest aquapark in Scandinavia , that called Rusha .
In adition , field trips are an important part of our schools activities .
from
Hi Adam ,
Nice to write to You !
How was your trip ?
Was it as good as mine ?
Best wishes , Julia
My name is Maria .
I am from Spain .
I live in Tarazona , a small town near to Zaragoza .
When I was studying , I lived in San Sebastian .
I lived in a hall of residence for two years .
After that , I was living in a flat .
She is Azucena , and nowadays , she lives in Toulouse .
The most important street in Toulouse is Boulevard Chausse , and it is near to the river .
The river is in toulouse is the Garona .
We have customs , such as siesta , Semana Santa and San Fermínes in Pamplona .
Spanish people love spending time with their family and friends .
We are sociable and welcoming people .
It 's what we call the Mediterranean diet .
We take a shower , we have breakfast and we go to work .
Best wishes .
Isabel
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Why do I enjoy my favouite sport ?
So , I think my favorite sport is go walking through the nature .
And sometimes I take my camera with me , because I love photography and there are so much great motifs .
There 's nothing like eating !
We all agree on that , eating food is one of the best moments on our day , it 's like the word stops for a few minutes in which you are just enjoying your food .
But there 's a differenc between eating a good meal , and eating by the way .
In this opportunity i 'm going to talk about different cool restaurants we could choose at the moment of going out as the close of classes .
Michael decided to open the door and go back for her , he thought better the things he do not want to leave her again , he like her , he knows himself and he wants to know her , he have kept all his feelings hidden for a long time .
The reason is the next , three days ago , he was working when a girl of his job asked him whether he had a girlfriend and he told , " I had one , come on , you know my ex - girlfriend " , then she only walked away without tell nothing .
He remembered , two years ago when he had been working and he decided to back home early . While he had been backing to home , he saw his girlfriend with other guy . They were hugging .
he arrived the home and he only thought and thought all night . It was the second time that she has been unfaithful . Since then , he is alone .
Today in the morning , he have not gone to work and he was staying in a pub to drink beer , then a girl went to him , he knew her , she is Abigail .
They were talking about their lives and he remembered like he knew her on the bus , maybe she have always been the woman of his live he looked at her eyes and smile he wants to ask her whether now is not too late to satart to get to know her . But he decided to leave the pub . He walked to the exit .
Finally , Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
I had a terrible experience in this Chinese New Year!Because Norovirus infected me!At first , I had a high fever , but I thought if I take some medicine I will be fine .
Therefore , my condition took a sharp turn for the worse .
I can not eat anything , even in New Year 's Eve and I was so tired that I can not play poker with my cousins .
When we went to Sun Moon Lake by cable car , the wind is so strong!I felt a little nervous though the scenery was amazing .
Hi Luke ,
I hope to see you soon .
Jorge .
We are approving an incentive amount of Rs .
1000 per month for K Murli and Rs .
1500 per month for K Sivakumar for working as an Acting Territory In - charge .
We will review their performance in a period of 6 months and , accordingly , will decide on any upward / downward revision in their salary .
The company also reserves it 's right to discontinue the incentive amount if their performance is not found to be as per the job description .
My living room is the best room in my house because it is big , comfortable and beautiful .
There is a coffee table made of wood with a clear glass top .
Also , on the sofas there are many colorful Pillows .
When I want studying for exams , I going to the living room and sitting in front of the TV .
In addition , there is a small blackboard for my littel brother because my mother wants my prother to learn Arabic and English letters .
For this reason , I spend most of my time there .
On the other hand , the economic situation plays an important role .
It is not a surprise that this situation is something that is becoming more frequent every day .
We are facing a crucial moment due to the extinction of most of the indigenous languages .
In Spain many people will travel in their own car or by car with their colleague or friends , this transport is quick , but it is much more expensive .
In my opinion , by sharing a car we will arrive at work on time and when we will finish work we can go directly home .
I think public transport is n't the future because many people today live outside the big cities in the suburbs .
I think there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
But it 's better to travel by car pooling .
This is convenient for the cost of travelling , because every cost is divided for the participants and it is an experience to meet other people .
Hi Jo ,
My country is a very interesting place , we have more ancient and mistyc places .
Dear Nick
I was very glad to read about your news .
You told me about your usual weekends and asked me to tell you about my weekends .
At the weekend I usually go to the city centre with my friends too .
We meet near a fast food restaurant and after that we decide where to go .
In this shopping center I bought a new blue skirt .
After that , we went to our favorite art - cafe .
We like it because the cafe has a beautiful design and tasty food .After that , we went to walk on embankment .
It is all our plan .
Hope . Hope to hear from you soon !
Liza
First of all , thank you professor to teach me in the meantime , the entire course of the learn really benefited me , especially in the first meeting , for British English , I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually , after I found the beautiful of the language in British English , I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you are really very carefully and very humorous , you 're always careful in curriculum pronunciation correction for each student , and using a variety of reading skills let us immerse them in read .
I love to listen to British English , but it 's really hard to study , all because we are all learning American English in Taiwan , so when I have the opportunity to in be contact with British English , it 's full of tone cadence , always feel particularly charming , and British culture exudes noble temperament , so the British accent sounds like there is always an indescribable elegance qualities .
And the strengths and weaknesses in both of segmental and suprasegmental , I think it 's maybe the learning habit , when I heard a sentences , I would use many varieties of tone and manner to say the sentences again , therefore , I can easily be interpreted illustrations instructions the emotions and feelings .
Only possible in segmental pronunciation , the occasional missed a few notes , such as -d , I did not noticed this because when I deliberately stressed -d , I found the tone and mood more likely to become very weird , this is the biggest problem I 've encountered in pronunciation teaching .
I 'm not teaching English in my new school , but in the future , if there is the chance , I will definitely give it a try , especially in the curriculum learned some teaching tips , the biggest gain this course is to read picture books to read and record , because that and English proficiency is not just training , but will note that strengthen their pronunciation and intonation , and then each time peer feedback also completed the listening exercises .
If I have an opportunity to go back on English teaching , I think I will try this skill to get my students to do the recordings heard training , then make their English better and better .
My village is in the north of the region of the Extremadura .
The population of my village is about sixteen hundred people .
What 's more , all the people , once a year , plant trees in all village for it is more beautiful .
For differentiate between old computers and computers today , we would first have to describe each type of machine .
I start by describing the old computers which we saw in the video , which were a few simple machines ( at the time they were created ) and they covering an enormous room .
On top of that , these machines only worked when it is wrote an order to the computer .
Visually , the colors ranging on the screen were the black and green .
Currently , in the 21st century , computers have had a very long technology advance which range from the software and the size of the internal memory ( bigger than the old computers ) , the size of the computer ( which is varied , but more smaller than the previously computers ) and its shape , the weight of it ( they are more lightweight ) and variations in the colors of the screen ( visually ) .
Finalize can tell that with the passage of time people we change the way we see the world , comes into play evolution , not only of technology , but also of society , religion , etc . ,
essential in the life of people , but sow will be factors that humans will not be able to modify and it is better to let them continue as they are .
In my opinion , staying alone means that you have something to think about , for example , to think about our deeds .
To tell you the truth , I like being alone very often .
My opinion it 's the opposite of them of this composition title .
With a car in the city , we have some problems .
Your address :
Date : 17 January 2015
Dear xxx .
Today I will talk about my summer camp job , pepole of all ages need to work in summer camp job , my name is patrick i am 13 years old .
I would love to work in the summer camp job to make the exercise . Every shop in the usa should make the summer camp job , I am the right person to work there because I 'm very exercise and I ' love to work in the kitchen , because i am the right chief in the summer camp job .
A representative to make an investigation so that the town takes care of the environment .
One thousand people by eighteen years and more are questions in my town about their way takes
care of the environment .
The investigation reveals that the youngsters are more than ever power to
save the world from waste and pollution .
In this case , a representative put all times the published in the train , the bus and the school
annonced the way they take care about the town .
In addition , the investigation can bring within company in
town showing the will power changing of the habit .
There are a service representative whose occupied the rubbish shared planning of day .
According to the inquest , a representative works with a company of the recyclage .
I 'm going to write about my apartment .
It 's in AL - Sulaymanyiah district .
It 's in Mohammed Fayed Street .
However , it has a nice and three bathrooms .
It is modern and spacious .
It 's near the mosque .
Also , it is near Bandati Minimarket and AL - Shafa Hospital .
It has some disadvantages like , it hasn't a praivte parking lot .
Also , the street where it is has a lot of traffic .
After that , it hasn't got a driver room .
It has a great location .
An Unforgettable Lesson
There are various kinds of different things that happened in peoele 's life , some may be normal and nothings special , while others may be so meaningful and unforgettable that you will remerber it for a long time .
Have you ever have this kind of experience ?
Becase I seldom practiced it .
But soon I made up my mind , thinking that I ca n't be so decadent forever . I want some change , hoping I will be better in the next year .
So I practiced it day and night .
No matter whether it is sun or rain , wind or warm . And I also asked my teacher for help .
The most important thing is that you can learn a valueabe lesson from failure .
Practice can make perfect .
And never give up .
My country has witnessed a tremendous change in the last ten years .
People 's health
Nowadays , young people 's health is n't as healthy as , for example , twenty years ago .
Currently we do usually less exercise than before , because we use our car to go anywhere .
Whereas our style of food has changed very much .
On the other hand , children are used to eat only what they want , because in general , they do n't like legumes , vegetables , fruits , fish ...
They like eating junk food , hamburgers , French fries and sweets and , what 's more , they do n't do any exercise .
That 's the reason for we have to do more exercise , eat less fat and more vegetables , and teach our children to eat better and healthier than they are used to do .
When I was born , my dad decided to quit his company to get more time for his family .
Nowadays , the number of car owners have been increasing in many countries , especially in developed countries , due to the convenience of travelling by car .
As a result , this development is highly controversial in positive and negative ways .
Today , personal vehicle become the pride of the life , which mean if a person is on there personal vehicle , they are look as though they have a higher status in the society .
so it has become a fashion of using personal vehicle which create a lot of problem big one is the traffic problem .....
now traffic problem is the biggest problem . The only solution to this use of public transport system as much as possible .
but now using public transport is looked as something for person of low status , so there is no future for public transport .
to tackle this problem , we have to deliberately think about it .
thank you very much .
For example , we can know the type of a car model by the changes that are made on it , which it makes you idiotif the small new details in every model .
We can not stop changing , but we can guide it to provide the a special benefit which it makes the life easier and more comfortable .
Using the changing method would improve the education system in many aspects especially for people with obstruction .
It is bring the hope to their live and makes them taste the life in a way that they had never dreamed about it .
It service the education and entertainment aspects in our life .
My town is very , very big with a lot of people .
More than 12 million people live in our town .
I ca n't say my town is the best place in the world .
The ecological problems are very important for the last few years .
First of all - the air .
An enormous quantity of cars and the traffic jams provokes a pollution of the air and smog .
The urban authorities can not change the situation cardinally .
We do n't separate our rubbish .
All rubbish is taken away without separation .
Several years ago we had wonderful lawns with a lot of local plants and grass .
But the last time the street - cleaners mow all the young grass .
Now our lawns are dirty and without grass .
But I hope our town will be better with our help .
I enjoy watching Tennis in my couch , It is n't weird that I haven't played Tennis , because where I live we do n't have that kind of sport , so I just can watch in my TV .
But I hope one day to go to a tournament , travel to Spain and watch my favourite player , who is Rafael Nadal from Spain .
I like how the players moved through the court and how the audience applaused them every time they won a point , although I 'm not in the court , I could feel the feeling of the game , it 's really awesome .
Once in awhile , I enjoyed watch Tennis when there was a competition or tournament , besides I watched and enjoyed it , I also could learn how real the game was , which were its rules or what happened when they yelled at the jumpire for a no - reason , all these details you could learn and wait for a coming day to put them in practice , or help to the players , is one of the things that I want to make real .
My advice would be that I you want to play Tennis , you should just go ahead and play it , not expect till others do it , because you can do that too .
At the beginning , it could be a little harsh , but that is the same with many others sports when they start , so just keep in mind that you can play Tennis with the most talented players from the world overall .
Travelling by car is much more convenient .
In fact , I agree .
Nowadays , Easter is associated more with the spring 's arrival than with religious rituals .
People are more likely to take care of the gardening or shopping than participate in the celebration of Good Friday , which makes the author connect Easter with a pagan spring festival .
Flamengo is the best team of Rio de Janeiro .
Flamengo was champion on 2009.In 2009 Flamengo has a great team with good players , but now it fight to finish the competition among the first 4 teams of the championship .
My mouth is dry and have an awful metal taste , my head aches , it 's still slightly spinning and there is a terrible ringing in my ears .
All of these make me feel nauseous .
It must have been the aftereffect of whatever that clowns in masks have done to me . I want to shut down all the noises around me , especially those whisper shouts coming from behind .
My best friend .
The first time I met her , she insulted me , but I just did n't pay attention in what she had told to me .
She 's incredible , she is like the sister I 'd never had .
In the future , I 'd like to continue being with her , and talking and having fun as we do together now .
My town was located along the middle coast of Viet Nam .
It is a really beautiful place and has a lot of attractions scenery , such as the great beach besides a row tree , the obviously regularly weather ... Therefore , taking care of the environment there is a vitally important mission of my town 's state .
When having an alarm about the pollution of water or , land ... by the town 's civil , the authorities must reposibile for this cause .
They often notify all the town 's civil that spending a free day on clearing all the rubbish on the beach and on the roads of the town .
Then , they will gather all the rubbish to one place and burn or bury them .
Finally , the state usually encourage on the radio , television etc .
It means that tourists and the people of the town must have a crucial duty to protect the beach , the roads etc .
If it is too cold outside , I put a jacket on , but if it is too hot , I wear shorts , sandals , a light weight vest and sunglasses .
When I stay at home , I can wear pyjamas all day long ( for example , when I 'm sick ) . Also , there are days when I want to go to the beach with my family , and so I put my bikini and a summer dress on .
Right now , I am wearing jeans , black flats , a gray shirt and a purple and turquoise hoodie .
Hi Jan ,
I am so glad to receive your message .
I hope that I can give you some help for your project .
I would like to recommend that a famous people who 's names Mr. Chou .
Bob
In modern life , we rely on traffic to get to work or travel to everywhere .
It is conveninet to travel by private cars .The price of private cars which every one can afford it , so that everyone has the private car nowadays .Some people point out private cars are going to replace the public transport .
Secondly , private cars are the main reason for the air pollution . We should consider the protection of the environment for human future , not only care about the convenience we can see for now .
People can travel through the city easily and safely .
For instance , Melbourn , the secondary city in Australia , where there are trams via through the whole city area .
The last point is that people go for long journey by public transport .
Public transport bring relaxing holiday and efficient business trip to people without being weary after a long drive .
It was 11 pm and her boyfriend was n't in their house , she started getting confused and temerously .
After that answer , she was n't satisfied , so she decided to start calling all the hospitals of the area .
Alison felt desesparate , she notice that her husband 's car keys were in her house , so he was walking or someone pick up to him , she takes the phone and she call all him group of friends , nobody now anything and now they were scaried .
She got into her car and look for her husband for all their small city , Pentonville , after half an hour , she saw him sleeping in a square .
No future for public transport , it is one of problem if that fact .
now days , there are many type of transport in the world , bus , taxi , train but train more conform then else , I always used the bus in the city .
I think that this sport is very happy .
Also , you could learn to be more friendly .
In my opinión , if you want to start to do this sport you could write a team . moreover , I think that it is good because it you could help to lose wight .
On one hand , the public transport is good because it does n't pollute so much and you can muve around all the city .
Young people use it a lot .
We do n't use so much petroll like if we each of the passenger were to use it own private transport .
But in fact , you ca n't use it if you have to carry a lot of things or when you have hurry .
In conclusion , the public transport is very good and if it desapear it will be a big problem , is right that some times you need a private transport , but apart from that the public transport is very use by people of all ages .
Many . Many people has no vehicles , they only depends on public transport due to some reasons .
Any way in some cases , a car is very useful to reach the destination very fast .
If you choose me , i comitted with myself to comply with all working in a timely manner , because this is how i characterized .
The most important thing for me is to have more work experience and surpass my achievements that i set long ago .
I await your response , Thank You .
First I would like to intoduce myself , my name is Joaquín Gutiérrez and I want to tell you why my favourite sport is football , which is a sport than I have practiced since I was six years old .
I like very much this sport because it must be play with a gruop of people and is funnier than others sports which you play alone with one other opponent , like tennis .
I have confessed that , in the first time , I did n't like it very much , because I was a bit shy boy and I cost a lot of effort to integrate with the other players of the team . But with the passage of the time , I liked it more and more .
I would like to advice for the children who give yours first steps in this sport , that it is which perseverance and effort that you can achieve great treasures .
I have run upstairs so many times .
They 're healthy activities .
I ate a lot of fruit last year .
I loved the apples !
But in summer I went by car .
I visited some friends of my parents and I wrote some letters to a friend .
I 'll eat better , I'll walk more , I'll walk more , do good things and speak more with my friends .
Do you hear about Islam ?
What are your sources media or what ?
Can you ask yourself why we are here on earth . To entertain or for what ?
Be honest with yourself .
At first , I would like to tell you that I do not agree with this statement . I could even tell that this opinion is the opposite of the present and future situation .
As for me , even if travelling by car is so much more convenient , most people will always travel by a train , railway , bus and other types of public transport .
In my opinion , people will travel by public transport more frenquely , because this type of transport is less expensive , more trustworthy and even more ecological than travelling by car .
In the other hand , we can say that it is really uncomfortable to travel by public transport , but even this we can improve in the future .
We can discover new ways of travelling , take more care of our public transport and modernise them , so people would be motivated to travel by it .
If this will happen , people are going to be more social and empatic , not even for peoples emotions , but also for our environment , and they will treasure it .
To begin with , there are two ways of cutting down on pollution . which leads to global warming , that became a real threat of our life day by day .
Firstly , start to use renewable energy .
to illustrate this , when we use the renewable energy , we reduce emissions , so , our natural resources will be conserved for our future furthermore sons future .
for example , by using wind Energy or Solar Energy for electricity generation , we will be used less fuel , what is affected in emissions .
Secondly , we should improve our regulations that rules impose people lowering using things that make a lot of pollution illustrate , using big vehicles or about building big facilities such as big factories .
As a result , ways to cut down on pollution . for instance , when one person uses a car for 6 people and many people do the same , that make a lot of pollution . for that , we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars for cutting down on pollution for a better future .
All in all , using renewable energy and improve our regulation is two ways to cutting down on pollution for a better future .
Many wars start because , people do n't know or respect the other beliefs very well . Thus , we need to learn about belief other people we are to live with them .
for example , the fight between Muslim and Hindus in India or in the Lebanese civil war .
Secondly , do more cooperation between countries .
To illustrate , people should cooperation To intervene to bring peace to the world , to stop the war in many areas like what United Nations is doing .
For example , the United Nations has taken the decision to ban mandatory weapons against South Africa because of racial persecution policy . in brief , knowing each other and do more cooperation between countries it is to ways to avoid war for a better future .
All in all , using renewable energy and improve our regulation is two ways to cutting down on pollution for a better future .
It was a normal Thursday .
After ten minutes , I asked the teacher of called my parents for returned home .
On the hospital , the doctor did me on a drip and after some hours I felt better .
To solve this problem , Lima has been making long - term strategies .
For this reason , people is becoming acure of the terrible problem and is learning and teaching vial culture to new generations .
Lima is among the top ten cities that have the messiest public transport in the world .
This is due to the fact that Lima , in the beginning , has not had a pant to desing its public road s and highways , and it only has been improvising to build their way without any criteria to transport its population .
Currently , this issue is so important that governments are investing and working to create solutions , such a metropolitan .
I think we have really become aware of the chaos of public transport and we have begun to design and implement strategies that , in 20 years , our reality improve our reality .
In my opinion I believe the public transport will have a future , because this transport is very necessary for the people .
I would like the people to take the public transport for travelling , so we will be able to rescue the countryside .
I used to used my car every day , however few a few , I started to take public transport for I can to save up money .
To this end , it has proposed the East China Sea Peace Initiative in 2013 , which called upon all parties concerned to take the steps outlined below :
( 1 ) exercise restraint and refrain from taking any antagonistic .
( 2 ) shelve controversies and set up dialogue .
( 3 ) observe international law and resolve disputes through peaceful means .
( 4 ) seek consensus on a Code of Conduct in the East China Sea .
One day , a little Egyptian boy read a book about Umrah .
He read about rites of pilgrimage and Kabaa .
After he finished the book , he wanted to go to the Kabaa and do rites of pilgrimage .
He closed his eyes .
Luckily , he remembered he had the dragon costume and he wore it .
Eventually , he saw the Kabaa .
They drank Zamzam water and wore Umrah clothes .
One there , a man , raised his hands and called to the God .
He jumped and flapped and waved goodbye .
It had been a fun day out , but unfortunately he had to be home in the time for bed .
his new book was all about Paris .
The populations is estimated at around ten thousand person .
My neighbourhood is surround by the large sequences of mountains which they have scenery view .
We have got a large shopping centre with some local shop , you can obtain plenty of things that you want from it .
The One of the most amazing thing that will attractive you , is that it has a safari , park which is the more enjoyable thing , at the sometime , it is introducing you to a wildlife without your needs to go out from your city .
All the amenities that is necessary for your daily life , such as a fantastic school with perfect teachers and a modern building is found here .
Transportation does not make a matter , because it has got many bus lanes and bus stations .
It is not quiet and it is an active city in a different ways .
If you like active city with enormous activity , I guess it is an excellent place .
My favourite sport is badminton and I always get up early to play it every day . I like it becasue it is the best way to loss weight and get your health ; better than medicine .
I think someone should get exercise by starting to play some favourite sport instead of watching TV or playing game .
+ Local shops :
Not only are they well - known for its long tradition , but it also famous for the hospitality of the inhabitants living here , which attract domestics and foreign tourists who come here to see the famous sights as well as shopping for souvenirs .
They are closely located the local art gallery which take about 15 minutes to go to by foot .
They offer a wide range of choice from souvenir items such as pictures , jewellries to local specialities , with a reasonble price to suit different interests of people .
I assure you that high - quality and various products there should be satisying your needs .
+ Shopping mall
It is conveniently situated in the town centre , which takes 5 minutes to walk to in a crow flies .
A lot of products , such as consumer electronics , foods , and souvenirs are sold here .
Compared with local shops , products ' price in the shoping mall is considerably higher than that in local shops , but it offers more varieties of products .
Dear Mrs. Weber and Mrs. Schnappauf ,
good morning firstonce .
Now I 'll introduce myself .
My name is Yusuf Hamid . I am 17 years old and I visit the state secondary school in Scheßlitz ,
I come from Hallstadt , in the close vicinity of Bamberg .
I have 1 older sister and 1 younger brother .
I 'm easily excited and nervous because this oral examination will determine wether i can do my A -level on the college of further education in Bamberg , which is what i really want .
I usually playing it with my partners and my friends , which do the game even more fun .
It 's also a full sport because people will improve their health and condition .
The first thing I want to say is that people use the car like a luxury objet , not as a transport machine .
So , normally , the use of the car is for pleasure .
From the point of view of the invaironment , this is a bad idea , because it spend a lot of gas by person .
It is a problem of mentality , if we had been born in a society that used the public pranspor , I thought that is the better and we would use then normally .
In my own town , people do n't use public transport , some months ago , the council gave a public sercice bike and , three months later , they had to close it .
It is a pity .
How can you celebrate new year in your country ?
My name is Afsaneh , I'm from IRAN , I came to London 4 months ago and I want to talk about the Iranian celebration of new year .
1- chaharshanbeh soori
2- Norouz
3- sizdehbedar
chahrshanbeh soori :
It meaning Tuesday night of week and take place on the last Tuesday night of the year .at this night , people make a bonfire and jump over the fires and say to the fire : I give you my sign of sickness(yellow color)and you give me your healthy sign ( red color)and eat some special foods .
Norouz :
It meaning new day of the new year and takes place on 21 March ( first day of spring ) this day is very important for us because we cleaning our house , buying new clothes just for new year .The major things in Norouz day is haft sin table and include the seven items which start with letters " s " .
When the new year start we hug and kiss together , wishing each other happy new year and presents will exchange .
In during the holiday , people going to see their family , friends and relatives in type of short time visit .
Sizdehbedar :
It means Thirteenth day of spring , on this day , people going picnic and spent the day out of their homes on the nature because they believe that the Thirteen number that brings bad luck for them .
Sometimes , some tv shows are so great that they helps you in determinate class , for example , Animal Plante can help you in biology , The History Channel can help in history , etc ... In my opinion , the television can be as good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reads books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
Series also can help you to study , for me , it helped me a lot because I love series and some q I watch have helped me in school , such as breaking bad , which helped me in chemistry , and so many others .
last year I saw a movie called ' ' side by side '' , and it talked a little of life in old history , and by coincidence I was having this matter in school , then it helped me a lot .
in my opinion , the television can entertain as can educate people on different ways .
16 May 2014
Dear Company ,
I am writing in response to your adversiment for SUMMER CAMPS .
I have worked as a assintant cook in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer . I worked in other restaurant in London , however I would like to look after children , because I have studied to be a teacher .
Also , I have worked in others summer camps , how are Funny Camp , Nature Camp , etc .
My CV is enclosed .
I believe I am suitable for this job , because I enjoy working with children and I know how to cook very well .
Also , for me , the salary is not a problem , because my motivation is to learn .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Juan Antonio
Right ?
In the future , I really want my grandchildren to be happy . That is all I ask for . I may be young , but I think I do n't see myself living on earth in the next 50 years . i mean dream does not hurt .
I do not know how to answer this question honestly , but i guess i will never know .
However , I think it is very expensive , but with a decrease in the cost , there would be more people .
Nowadays , have a car is very expensive because you have to pay for a lot of thinks .
Public transport would have more of a future if it were better distributed .
Personally , I use more public transport but I hardly ever use private transport .
Baja California is bigger than Aguascalientes for the beaches and tourist cities .
The transportation is practical because not all places are search , use more the car , truck and sometimes boat .
Baja California 's weather is not as cold as Chihuahua 's .
Dear Jo ,
How 's it going ?
Well , I think you have chosen the best idea , because there are
more places to visit in Italy .
First , I believe you can travel from the north of Italy to the south , in
order to see all the best places that we have , like Milan , Rome and
Lecce .
economic system is in crisis , so it 's hard just for Italian , thinking for
foreign people .
Ettore .
Ettore
In the car , you do not have a timetable to be respected , you 're free to leave , to go home when you want ... not sit still to snow , rain , cold .
And without getting stuck in a city for delays for drivers . on public transport there is the possibility that you 're standing on the whole trip , there is always a lot of people , it is cold in the winter and in the summer it 's too hot .
although I do not know if this would always choose the machine .
And there is no exception this year .
A terrible explosion resulting from carelessness followed .
A storm of food problems broke out next .
Hope that the next year will be better .
Frankly , it seems that the town that I have been living in have not taken care about the environment .
In general , we do n't take care about nothing , water , recyclable things , even our air conditioning .
Here in Brazil , it is very difficult take care about it because it demands serious behaviour and skills from our gorvernants , which unfortunatuly wo n't happens in a short time .
Although Brazil has passed through several changes since the last 40 years , the main one haven't started yet , and I am talking about Education .
Our government prefer to keep our population without information , because it is easier to manipulate their mind .
And why am I talk about it ? I am talk about it because the foundation of environment care is our minset , just with knowledge and information , we will be able to manage actions to save , protect and improve the environment , and reverse we have the current result .
So , if we believe it is a kind of important subject to take care about , we need to move fast and our first step should be our election process .
A house is made of walls and beams ; a home is built with love and dreams .
People try to build big and laxuries house but they forgot about the main thing .
we can have a really good house where there are many furniture , space and ornaments .
we can choice expencive things for the interior .
but these things are not important if there is not a comfortable atmosphere .
we have to invest our love , dreams , patient . and as a result , we can create the best house ever .
so we have to follow our dreams and create a warm and cosy place .
First at all , I ask the council for this great problem which is the pollution and the way to solve it .
It is not easy way , but it is necessary to do it .
n the town , he tries that the people have to aware about the sitiations and they take care of the environment .
The " green " organisations want to believe the problem is serious and that radical political solutions are needed .
In my opinion , we should take conciencious and stop it , if we don , t stop it , after , it will be later .
Me and my family .
I do lots of activities with them ..
We sometimes do presents at the party like the Birthday parties ...
The best present that I have receive was ... I do n't remebmer !
Another thing , at my home there are some rules : I and my brother tidy our room , we clean the bathroom when we use it , we ca n't eat in the sofà .. .
I always try to follow rules , but I sometimes break them because I 'm lazy !
I do n't argue with only one member of my family .. I sometimes argue with my brother for television channels , but we make up immediately .
With my parents , I argue about school , how I use my mobile phone , how I speak with them ..
My last argue with my family was yesterday .
I 'll talk about the Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia , and Riyadh City specialty .
First , you should know is about the weather , we have a very cold winter and a hot summer compared with the other countries in the middle east .
If you want a city with sea you should choose any city in the west or east of Saudi Arabia .
Riyadh is the capital City . It 's in the center of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
All the stores and malls are closed at mid night , include for the five prays breaks , because we need to go for pray . For work , you need to know what the major you want to work in , is so I can help you to search for a good job matching you abilities .
after what I have told you about my country , I hope you like it .
I will write about my village .
My village has around 700 residents .
My village is between a river and a mountain .
It has a lot of beautiful things , how an old church of the century XV but this church is in ruins , but the new church also is very beautiful and comfortable .
Other interesting place in my village is the square with his source .
Also , there are the same supermarket , bar and restaurants .
For many years , people use public transport to go to work , to study , and to travel .
I think that a public transport will have a future by the many reasons .
The car could be broken .
A man could have some problems with his health .
For example , if man had a broke a leg , it might be hard to drive a car .
Also , for somebody , it could be cheaper to travel by a bus , especially for a tourist from a foreign country .
Sometimes it are better to travel by the bus because of thorny road .
The bus is one of the democracy transport , which is used by the students , kids , adults , rich and poor people .
This is because everyone has a place in the bus .
We can think that there is no future for public transport , because most of people use their own car .
Using your own car , you can take the decision of what timetable is more convenient and what way your are go to use .
In my opinion , the most important is thing enjoy your work because we spent an average of nine hours in the office or in whatever work that we will do , as a result , if you do n't feel comfortable , your life could be a hell .
The truth is , that the perfection would be that all people could work in their dream jobs and , of course , making a lot of money , like for example , Hollywood actors or football players . But this is almost impossible .
In summary , for me , it is better to enjoy yourself at work every day , although you do have not a big salary .
The most important thing is to wake up each day with a big smile and work hard .
one of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel for go for them and take them again to the Cruel building , and like all of them , does n't wanna go with them . They start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decide to go after them and he give a super great speech for all the persons go with them and help him to get back Mihno , and what i really want to see in the next film is that if Thomas is mad at Teresa ( i never like her ) and if they get free and the world comes back to the normal world .
Ecotourism Bacalar Quintana Roo .
In the trip you can do many activities , like climbing , swimming , paddling , rafting and enjoying the place .
Hi , I am Marianne Willemsen .
I would also like to get this job because I love the USA and I often do Babysitting , so the company of children does not afraid me .
I am a good cook .
When I was younger , I went to summer camp in France , consequently , I know which activities I can propose to children .
Best regards .
I love English but there is an interesting subject I want to study and it 's Mathematics .
Can you help me somehow?Please . I want to study this subject .
Thank you very much .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
The day began as usual and there no signs of trouble were , but when she woke up and went down stairs she saw a dog but the dog was an unusual color .
He took down every mistake he made his in last films .
Firstly , Django Unchained remembered us of the hard life suffered by black people in the past , due to a great introduction without dialogues , where black people were unchained while they came back to be selling to an owner farm , it being matching with an amanzing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's films .
Nowadays , In many country the youth looking for doing sports to be fitness and very active and there are many sports to join it .
On the other hand , there are some arguments for sport , specially volleyball .
When I play volleyball , I totally forget all my problems and focus on nothing but volleyball and the intensity of the game .this game i like to play .
The kind of stress that pushes me to work harder in order to get good at what I love .
In addition to this , It pushes me to keep on trying so that I can get everything right .
On the one hand , there are alot of famous player on volleyball who have had Knee ligament injuries , The most frequent mechanism of injury was landing from a jump in the attack zone .
In addition to this , Injuries were more frequent during games than during training .
In my opinion , Volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings.my advice for someone who starts this sport is that you will get fresh after you play this game and it makes you doing your work in a relaxetion way .
First of all , public transport probably meets the demands of people who hardly use or do n't use their cars to travel .
In addition , a new generation appear and they do n't own their own cars because of a few opportunities to travel and because of the high cost of having a car on their own .
So it prevents us from having to open maps to confirm every single route .
Lastly , we can use less resources by using public transport .
When it comes to our environment , the use of public transport could be a solution for reducing the emission of CO2 .
it is out of the question the take care of the environment is regarded as a turning point in our life .
it is upstearm that irrigates our economic life . and there is no doubt that Negligence has the ability to destroy many good sides in our life .and our government is doing her best to put an end to negligence .
but we also must coparation to save our town . on the other hand , we must Presentation an awareness program for all people .
and we must not throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean , and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive thus we can improve the National income by attracting many people from other town . and we must lern children that clean is necessary for their health and on their school they should throw rubbish on Waste basket and anyone who throw it on the ground Will be punished . to top it all we ca n't go without Cleanliness of our town .
The natural environment is being destroyed . That is a problem people focus on frequently problem .
Many countries build more and more buildings . This affect people 's quality of life .
Setting up more large building can destroyed people 's and animals ' live environment and some animals maybecan extinction .
Governments should do some measures to deal with build more buildings . We will destroy the ecological environment .
I 'm not agree abaout this statement becasue in a big cities there are a lot of cars , if all the people in a city use his own car at the same time , there will be a huge traffic jam , so travelling by car is n't much more convenient in this situation .
Good evening ! I 'm Katerina .
And I am fond of a Russian team .
We are taking part in a championship this year .
It will take place in Minsk .
We are the best team of all .
And I am glad to win a cup of championship .
Do n't be afraid of hockey!You are used to sit in front of a computer , but the best choice will to get up and go to the hockeyclub .
Hello !
I am Xyz . I have a 18 years old and I am a student .
I like to sing and I can play the guitar .
I am cheerful and hardworking .
I can speak English very well .
I have experience in this work , because last year I worked at a children 's camp in London .
I think I ' m a perfect candidate for this job .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Xyz
Hi Chris how are you ?
I am was asking to me if you want to go to the party with me ?
the party is the next week on Julias house , and it is going to start at 5:00 pm .
My favorite sport is swimming .
She is a doctor , she told me that swimming will let my body more better .
Second , swim can relax yourself .
When you are in the water , you will feel relax .
Running
I am fond of running !
Many people think running is a wasting time or that it 's very difficult , but I do n't agree .
Firstly , you will be stronger , enduring .
I started with three kilometers for one jog .
My best result is 15 km , but I guess awhile .
Secondly , you will be healthier .
Even if I have a cold , I will get out and will run 4 - 5 km .
After that , on the next day , I feel myself better .
Four years ago , I had often cold and recovery long period .
Now I have more energy and better health to become happier .
Thirdly , you will be more confident .
I started running four years ago .
After rehabilitation , I continued to feel hurt in my foot and I still limped .
I decided to stop this and , one gorgeous morning , I starting running !
As a result , I know the men can be harder than can be seem .
After these moments , you starting doing things that many people think impossible or even unbelievable .
My recommendations for beginners .
1 ) Improve yourself in a gradual way .
2 ) Work systematically .
Two - three jogging in a week is the norm for beginners .
3 ) Grow up .
First week one km , the second , one km and 300 meters , etc .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
I am writing to apply for a job in Mrs Cafe .
I found an ad about this job on the Internet .
My advantage is that I am very open and friendly .
My last job is working as a dealer in a lot of shops .
I think I am good at dealing with people , particularly in the food sector .
I have traveled a lot , because this is my hobby , I have learned about a lot of food in many countries .
I am used to work full - time jog .
I believe I would be an ideal candidate for this position .
I am an open , hard - working and responsible student .
I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as it is possible .
Patrycja Vigh
Dear Peter ,
How are you ?
see you soon
Katy
However , Physical Education is necessary because it makes people less lazy .
I would like to make a reservation for the next month , from 24th may till 28th ( 4 nights , Double room ) but I have doubts about your booking policy .
I mean , after reading the terms and deposit policy , I understand I must pay for the first night at the booking time and the rest of the stay it would be paid upon arrival to the front desk .
Plus , in case I cancelled the reservation 48 hrs before arrival it would be charged the 5% of the full stay .
By phone , by mail or on your website .
My favourite sport is swimming because it is the one I have been practising for a long time ago , since I was a kid .
Nowadays , it is really important to know how to swim because when we are in holidays we spend most of our time in the water at the swimming pool or even at the sea .
I like other sports such as football and volleyball , too .
I would give the advice that this sport makes people healthy , but it also help us to make new friends because , while we are training , we have mates in our team which we can talk to and make them our friends .
Otherwise , it is a sport where you do not have contact with your friends what helps not to make injuries .
To conclude , I think this is a really good sport to start with when we are a little child to gain experience and , year after year , becoming better and improving .
It keeps our bodies in good condition .
Actually , there are two kinds of sports .
The first one is individual sports and in this kind you practice your game alone and you are the only player on your team .
The second kind is team sports .
Team sports are very important and they include a lot of kinds .
My favourite team sport is football .
I play football every day with my friends at a club .
I think it is the most interesting sport .
They also have families , they also sleeps , have friends , and that 's normal . We can look at them like they are aliens .
Dear Sir ,
I would like to tell you that I have done a course in which I have learnt to organise all kinds of activities with children , since canoeing from swimming competitions , also , I worked in a summer camp last yaer , where y could put all the things that I have learnt in practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to do it again .
I would be very grateful if you would consider my application .
Hi Paul ,
it 's great to hear from you .
The concert was just flubbergasted .
In a word , doing nothing was the big advantage of this kind of work .
First of all , Balkan music turned out to be one of the most irresistible kinds I have ever heard .
In my opinion , music like this should be diplayed more often in the radio and other mass media .
The mass media do not want to introduce this kind of music , probably because it would displace the mainstream - pop music .
See you soon !
Take care ,
Jim
I do n't worry about a salary now , instead of a chance of showing my skills .
I would agree with working at the minimum salary or working in practice .
I honestly think I 'll be very valuable to you .
My learning and work capacity , together with my enthusiasm , are the core strengths that could be of great help to your company .
My degree is adapted to the European Higher Education and it 's valid in the whole EU .
I should like to thank you in advance for granting me an appointment for an interview and look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Many people all around the world love football .
I love football because there 's a lot of enjoyment in it .
I play football for Waitakere college school first eleven as a deffender and I enjoy playing in that position because it is easy for me to play .
I used to dream of playing for barcelona and because barcelona has good players I like I , for example , Lionel Messi .
But even though I will never get a chance of playing for my dream team , I still enjoy playing football . I can play with people who are good and I still have fun .
Once you start playing football , on a young age , you get really better at football .
The last hotel I went to was one of the best one of my holidays .
" The heaven " , this was its name , was a nice small hotel near the seaside in the south of Italy , near Paestum , exactly .
When we arrived there , last summer in July , the owners welcame us with a magnificent basket of fresh fruits in the room and a variety of drinks in the fridge , all included in the room 's fee .
Any room in the hotel has a balcony which overlooks on the sea , so every morning , when you wake up , you hear the sound of the waves breaking on the beach .
During our stay , all the staff was friendly and always available .
Even if all the meals were delicious and plentiful , you could also drink or eat special snacks while you were on the sunny beach .
I would recommend this hotel to anyone because there you will completely relax and really it will seem to you as I you were in heaven !
My Favourite Sport - Football .
There is perhaps notthing more pleasant than when your favourite sport is as healthy as it is enjoyable .
Since I was five , I have enjoyed playing football with my friends in front of our block of flats .
It all started very naturally .
The ball was an object which provided us with lots of fun while we kicked to it and had friendly matches .
It still gives me great fun within the incredible company of my friends and it keeps me fit as well .
The best time for football is a sunny day after recent rain when the ground is nice and soft and the air is fresh .
Football is a great sport for everyone , Men , women , children , adults , even elderly people enjoy it .
As someone who has played this sport for ages , my advice to people starting this sport is : get the right equipment , find a friendly team , and enjoy the game .
Soon you will also enjoy your improved condition and better health .
I definitely recommend this sport to everyone who wants to keep fit , have fun amongst their friends , and live a happy life .
Dear Jo
it has been a long time since I have never see you , and you always wanted to visit Taiwan , my beautiful country .
We also could go hiking on the mountain or go swimming at the beach , so you would have a good time in my country , Taiwan .
On the other hand , you wanted to look for a job , maybe you could have a part - time job in the cram school .
Nick
Tom and I have been training for a long time .
We knew we had a competition and that it was a really hard one .
The other team was profesional , they had won many competitions , they were really good , but Tom and I knew that we could won .
We made a schedule with all our training days and hours .
Another day was starting , another day of training , our last one .
We had to make the last effort to reach the point we wanted .
Winning , we knew it had a cost , but one that we could achieve .
On that last day of training , we started with a light run .
After the run , we continued with our daily routine .
After three hours of training , Tom and I were extremely exhausted .
Tom said he was really happy and proud of us .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Dear Summer Camp ,
I 'm 18 years old and I 'm interested in working in your Summer Camp .
I know how to look after kids . I even have two little sisters and I take care of them .
I have experience with kids .
I can also do different activities with kids , for example : singing , running around the garden , planting trees , drawing , playing instruments , etc .
I can teach kids recipes that they can cook .
Best regards
Karen
Sport is an important thing for all of us because it helps us avoiding disease , and becoming healthier .My favuorit sport is swimming .So practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feeling fresh and relax .
Moreover , daily excrsise is a very good idea which helps us to avoid becoming overweight and to keep your body healthier .So I always want to advise people to practise this sport or other kind of sports to avoid diseases .
Two movies .
The two I have enjoyed the most are " The wolf of Wall Street " and " The Secret life of Walter Mitty " , or more simply , " Walter Mitty " .
I would define it as an action movie .
Walter Mitty , instead , deals with the fantastic story of the main character , an archivist , whose life will been changed completely when the company he works for is taken over by one of its competitors .
Walter Mitty is acted by an excellent Ben Stiller , who has now arrived at the top of his career as an actor .
My name is Rebeca Costa and I am writing this letter about the advertisement for a job in the USA Sumer Camps .
In order to improve my English skills and also have a chance to meet new people from all around the world , I have got very excited about that position that is available .
I think that I can help you on several camps activities , because of my background in volunteer work . I have experience not only in the kitchen but also organising and managing some youth sports games in my neighborhood .
I am looking forward to hearing from you in a few days .
Yours faithfully
Rebeca Costa
It seems more convenient to them to move on their own rather than be tied to a public transport .
People feel that they can get to their destinations on time if they drive their own car .
It is true in many cases , as public modes of transport like buses , trains and trams , have their own specific routes and stops .
Secondly , public transport seems to be going expensive day by day , which has reduced its popularity .
People therefore find cars more affordable for them .
In modern society , cars have become more cheaper to buy , which in turn has helped people to have them .
In conclusion , i would say that , due to recent advancements in society , there has been a considerable increase in the car ownership .
It 's true that sometimes paparazzi cross the line and invade their private properties , which I find awful .
However , there are also those kinds of people that get famous for doing nothing or just being rich , as it 's the case of Paris Hilton .
That makes me wonder who really deserves fame and who does n't , but fame is not the same as being remembered .
They are just people , but not like you or me , or at least , I do n't have a fabulous ferrari to comfort me when I 'm sad .
" Nowadays , older people are disadvantaged because they lack the ability to use technology confidently . " Do you agree or disagree ?
In our word , it 's impossible to live without using technology .
But this is an anachronism .
The question is whether the older people are disadvantage in not using technology in a confidential way .
One can not ignore that it 's more easy for young people to improve their knowledge than the for older people .
It depends on the capacity of children to learn more fast than the old adults .
By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example , explain well and calm the use of new technology to an old man or woman , at the end , also these people are in a conditions to use it .
To conclude , if it 's true that not all people use technology confidently , anyone who is interested can be involved in using new technology even if the final results could be lower than their expectations .
Dear Sir/ Madame ( director of the film department )
I am writing this letter , because the last week I read a notice in your STUDENT FILM CLUB magazine about a movie or thriller that I like it and I can advise to you .
Well , last Sunday , I went to the cinema and I watched THE TITANIC , perhaps the movie counts us , the typical story where the rich girl falls in love with the poor boy .
But the best of all for me is the sinking of the ship , when it fell down to the bottom of the ocean .
the film explains to us how happened the fact of the same way that it did in the near XIX century .
The director has wanted to make the story the best real as possible .
He explains us the building of the ship , why it sank , how it stood in the bottom the of ocean and how the people helped them one to others .
I look forward to hearing from you .
First of all , there are many shopping malls in different areas of my town .
Its location is in the western part of Bucharest .
Regarding the actual shopping mall , it has more than 30 shops with a variety of things , from fashionable clothes to delicious food and even squaint books .
Moreover , it is a source of entertainment for starting with children to elders .
Another part of Bucharest for shopping is Unirea Shopping Centre .
Called in a malicious way , there are 6 floors for jewerly , clothes , accessorises , gadgets , books etc .
On the last floor is the food court , closed aired which is by far too populated and full of smoke .
Being in the centre of Bucharest , you can go outside , in the downtown area to consider visiting new cultural things while shopping in boutiques and relaxing on a terasse with a cool lemonade .
Most of the time , clothes are handmade and original .
Although using your own car is betten for moving around the city , public transport has been shown to be a good way for travelling lost distances with a low cost and , depending on its quality , also low budget .
There is not probably a bright future for public transport if it does n't develop as it should in the world we are living in today ; that is , if enterprises continue with their current already old - fashioned business model , for sure , they will lose customers , and so , benefits and weight in the transportation world .
Working holidays abroad
Introduction
In order to do so , I conducted interviews with 30 university students .
Pros
Every single one of them said that if you work abroad , you will improve your English a lot , since you will be listening and speaking it all day .
In addition , another advantage is that by working all summer you can earn some money for your personal expenses .
Cons
However , almost every student confessed to having felt homesick despite the fact that they made a large amount of friends there .
Another drawback is that , unless you are really motivated , it will be difficult for you to adapt to a new city .
Conclusion
Even if there are some disadvantages , most students agreed that this is an amazing experience not to be missed .
All in all , I suggest encouraging students to find a job abroad during the summer .
there are a few things which I am very keen and passionate of , in the whole world .
This is not just a sport , but an extraordinary thing I do in the ordinary life , in the everyday life .
So , I let myself drop in the water of the pool , and as soon as I am completely submerged , all the problems , sadness and heaviness of life suddenly disappear , and that 's the most amazing emotion i could ever try .
If I had to suggest a sport to do for children , I would recommend it , because whether it makes everyone be in shape , it is healthy and guarantee an upper level of wealth .
It is not worth saying that each one should follow their passions .
I 'll finish by saying that , even when I was young , if my father had asked me if I would have rather go to a swimming race or to a candy fair , I would have surely chosen the first one .
First of all , the environment is contaminated and these substances get to us by water , air , food ... also the clothes .
We ca n't avoid electromagnetic waves around us , although we were living in the country or far from the industries .
Then , it is very important to exercise because your body and your mind need movement .
If you do not have enough time for exercise every day , you can make little efforts : do not use the lift , use the stairs or walk every time you can .
Nowadays , we have a hurries lives but we must stop and live our lives too .
It is known that the Internet makes things easier than ever and can be used for everything .
Some people believe that we ca n't even live without it .
One of the advantages of the Internet is that we can meet new people around the world and make friends without talking face to face .
There are plenty of webs that can search for people , meet them and chat with people with the same interests and commons you like .
In addition , that software is created by nasty people that creates this virus to damage other people 's computers .
In my opinion . I must express the facilities given by the Internet .
It 's all so easy with it and useful , for example , you can order a pizza to take to your home .
Why do I recommend it ?
When you have finished your studies and you have gotten a job where every day you do the same activities , the brain does n't work hard and you might have some problems like forget words , dates , information that you had learned a few years ago , because your memory wo n't work in the same way .
I 'm sure if you read or listen to an audio book just 1 hour every day , you are going to feel a change quickly . I know that getting reading habits is difficult , but if you start to do it , you wo n't be able to get enough of them and you will read for pleasure .
Finally , if you get the Reading habit you 're going to organize better your ideas and you may feel more energetic , if you do n't believe me , just try it .
This follows that , on the one hand , I have extensive knowledge in how to be on good terms with different people and , on the other hand , I have a perfect coomand of English .
Two years ago , I worked as an interpreter and an organizer of Waterski World Championship in Moscow .
In addition , as I was determined to build my career as a teacher since my very childhood and , moreover , I definetely have a way with children of any age , after graduation I gained experience at University and in a local school .
My opinion is rooted in my experience , so I really enjoy interacting with people , especially children , and to tell you the truth , I like cooking and experience new things in general .
My enclosed resume outlines my experience in greater detail .
I would welcome the opportunity to meet with you and look forward to hearing from you .
Mary J.
It 's fast and it needs a lot of athletic skills .
I feel happy after every game .
I started when I was seven years old in my first class .
If you want to start playing badminton , you should look for a badminton club near by and should sign up for a training class .
If you do n't know what racket you should buy , you will get all the information at the club .
Mostly , the Badminton Clubs sell all kinds of Badminton equipment for beginners and professionals . Do n't be lazy !
When you start playing , you should practice minium twice a week , better three times a week .
Practice together with people in your age . It is a lot of fun und you will get better soon .
It was very exciting , because there were many people from all over the region .
I lost a few games , but that 's okay .
I hope I can still play when I get to that age .
The sport keeps you healthy and fit .
It has been a long time since I watched a thriller , but I do remember that I watched The Hunger Games part 1 , and I recommend all the Hunger Games films .
Those films are really good , you have a drama , a romance , and a thriller , those films are very entertaining .
I think you are going to like them because you like that kind of movies and also , they are worth the while and you are not going to regret it .
if you like scary thrillers , this movie is the one for you to watch , i do n't remember it very well , but it is also mysterious , so you are going to like that one .
This building is situated in Barcelona , although it 's only a short walk from the magnificent Gaudi 's artwork , it is n't as famous as them .
When the Civil War ended , the country was completely destroyed and people had nothing to eat .
Particularly in Barcelona , the trouble was that they could fish on the sea but there was n't an aproppiate place to keep it , so they could n't eat it one or two days later .
That situation must have been terrible for the population , but fortunately , there is always a possible solution .
Neighbours helped them to make the building and , after a few months , they began to use it .
This is a great example of how the Spanish population could go on with their lives working together without the government 's help .
As the story continued , people kept thinking that fish were polluted .
As always after having fish for dinner , he had a strange dream .
He looked down and noticed that there was a city of marine life and the battle was n't really a battle , it was a revolution , were the fish where the citizens .
Which meant some of fish were damaged thanks to the revolution , which also meant that , while they were reproducing , the genes of the baby were changed .
If there were a revolution in the city , obviously the fish would try to escape .
The homeless man had another dream where there was a pest around the forest that was contaminating all types of food .
They will notice quickly because the fish will smell worse than it already did .
When he woke up from his dream , he kind of having a skeptic attitude , but he was diminishing it .
Which meant they were in the same place , and that was the reason why they would always watch the sea ...
Nowadays , it is more and more popular to take a year off between school and university .
In fact , it is an important decision .
It has many advantages and disadvantages as well .
During a gap year , you have the chance to consider all the issues connected with your future .
In the beginning , it would be a simply and without high wages job but you would get some experience .
What 's more , you can use this time to travel and relax .
It is also a point that when you do n't execute what you wanted to during a gap year , you are in the same place as when you were graduating school .
To sum up , I think that taking a year off is an important decision . You should give it a thought before you finally decide .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Last year , I attended an art course , which taught me how to make interesting things only with my hands and my fantasy .
I have a certificate for high achievement in the areas of painting and designing things of clay .
Among my colleagues and friends , I have a reputation to be a mature , responsible and easy - going person .
I believe that this will give me the chance to consider my application and got the job .
Yours faithfully ,
Nikoleta Ozerova
There are lots of interesting programs suitable for people of every age .
In my opinion , TV is useful because we can learn many interesting things and also reduce stress by watching TV .
We can choose entertainment programs which are full of fun .
We can find music programs which are wonderful for people who love listening to music and dancing .
When we watch and listen to music we can learn foreign languages as well .
Who does not like watching movies ?
Everybody loves watching movies !
I work at a gas station .
Today I opened the gas station at 9:30 in the morning .
Today I had a 2 hours driving session .
The driving instructor picked me up at the gas station and from there we went to a parking lot near AMC and practised parallel parking and the k - turn .
After that , I practiced turns and driving on the road .
My name is Mike , I 'm 23 years old and I want to learn more English because I love this language and because I need it for my next job in the summer .
At the moment , I am living in Germany , but if I could come to your English course , then I will find an other location to stay , that 's no problem !
I want to ask some questions about the course .
Thank you very much .
Best regards
Mike
Micheal is a clever , Shy guy who decided to find out new opportunities out of his small town . After the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need of moving forward with his life and discover his real needs , no one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird , isolated guy , therefore he never accepted having new Friendships out of his class , that ends when the class ends , then there was that girl . A popular beautiful Blondie that was in the cheer leaders and every boy 's dream , one day , after a physics exam , she just stumbled with his bag and dropped his books out of it , sorry she said , with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look who occupied Micheal 's mind from then after and lead to him dropping his dream of being that creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed from her , Arika , the girl who was using any one who can make her reach or cross a step towards her success and popularity , Michael felt that he was pathetic and deceived when he saw her with the new class 's clever guy , he could n't understand that giving up man 's dream is the worst decision that will lead to failure , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
We would like to discuss with you the duration of each course unit .
To study 1 unit per week was difficult for us , because of translation .
Whether it would be possible for you to increase the period of one topic studying ? for example , 2 weeks for each unit ?
Or 10 days ?
Let me know please .
We 're also waiting for information about you fee , order of payments and other terms of working .
Yours Anna .
I have been playing tennis since I was 5 ! I think it 's a great way to relax and also to do physical exercise .
As I said before , I sometimes play tennis in order to relax .
Each time I have a written test at school , I play it the day before .
I find it helps me a lot because it takes my mind off .
So , definitely , if you want to try this beautiful experience , I sincerely recommend it to you .
.
- It 's so hard for me to wake up at 6 o'clock .
Every day I wake up in a very bad mood .
Why are you so cheerful in the mornings ?
- I thought that it was your normal condition .
As for me , I 've got some rules .
- I 'm just a late riser person .
That half of my day I am always sleepy and angry .
- So it 's not so difficult to be an early riser .
And always do some morning exercises .
- Can you show me some of them ?
- I 'm afraid I ca n't .
I will send you a list of them .
They are very helpful .
And what about your breakfast ?
- I 'm absolutely sure that you need n't drink coffee every morning .
2 . -
Hello , Jane , can I talk to you for a minute ?
- Yes , of course .
What happened ?
Something wrong with you ?
- No , I 'm just want to know your opinion as an expert .
I 've got some problems with waking up in the morning .
Try to not to eat a very substantial meal in the evening and in the morning .
- Some experts think that it is a good thing .
And in a week you will see that it 's not so hard to wake up .
- Thanks a lot for your advice .
Yes , I believe that television entertains and also educates .
We get to know about so many facts on a quiz show .
Watching the history channel gives us great information about the history of the earth .
Watching the national geographical or discovery channels takes us into a world of animals where we get to see numerous wild animals and their characteristics , which are really interesting .
It 's really depressing to see kids being engrossed in soap operas or some useless reality shows or cartoons .
If everyone uses television wisely , it can do more good than bad .
I am wrtitting this letter as an in answer to the job advertisement for working in a summer camp in which I am quite interested . .
I am actually studying for a marketing and market research degree at Malaga 's University , in September I will start my last year of the course , which I hope to finish next year .
although I am still studying , I also work at weekends as a football referee in the province of Málaga , I consider myself as a person with a high control when I work with big groups and also a person who likes to lead groups and with a good ability to work under pressure .
I am used to work with children who are under 12 years old , because I usually do kids ' matches when I referee .
the only idea of working in the kitchens it really excites me , because I would like to provide my experience cooking , I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working , but finally , I liked it , and now I do all sorts of deserts and meals .
Best regards ,
Dear Mary ,
Thanks for your letter .
I 'm looking forward to your arrival !
I know this is going to be your first visit to Russia and it 's really great ! I 'll give you information about two ways of getting to my place without significant expenses .
The first one is to catch an express bus from the airport to the metro station " Yuzhnaya " and then to change a bus for another one going to my town , where I can meet you at the bus station .
The second way is more convenient and comfortable .
That would be splendid and fun for both of us because we could have a good long talk and pop into a café for a snack .
As for the weather , it 's quite nice at the moment , but I suggest taking something warm just in case as the weather is very changeable here .
Ca n't wait to see you !
Lots of love ,
Svetlana
Dear Mr. Green ,
I have just received your letter and I 'm glad that you have found my film the most interesting .
Thank you !
I 'm really satisfied as there were about 200 competitors and , so , I would have never thought I would to be the winner .
I 'd rather go to London and spend a day filming with the film director because I 'm going to take my brother with me and he has never been there .
I 'm really sorry , but on May 15th I have an important exam at school , so it would be impossible for me to meet her .
If the film director was available on May 18th , it would be perfect !
Best regards
Antonio
The perfect hotel I would love to work in should be located in my country .
Particularly , in the south of the country .
Since many European tourists attempt to have their holidays on the beach enjoying the sun shine and also discover the historical remanings from the past , Antalya ( Turkey ) is the best city to work in .
The hotel should provide a variety of cousins from around the world , therefore the clients could eat whatever they wish .
There should be both indoor and outdoor pools .
For disable people , there should be expanded services to give them easy mobility .
For couples who have babies , there should be baby care services .
The hotel should have an all - inclusive concept , so before people go for holiday , they could calculate their costs .
In the case of workers , I would like to have accommodation given by the company .
Also , the food should be provided from the company .
The most important aspect that the hotel should have , is that it should be opened whole year , not only in the summer .
So that I do not waste all the money in the winter that I have saved in the summer .
Cyberschool have been attempting to present their new project called cyberschool .
Cyberschool is when students receive
Some individuals might even become computer addicts due to the time they spend on their PC .
Let 's see .... 6 and a quarter hours of school plus an extra 30 minutes for homework ..... that is 6 and three quarters hours on the computer .
That is more than a quarter of the time in a day !
It 'll be even more if the student plays games or does something else on the PC .
It 's unhealthy and dangerous .
Now that they are back home , Paulina found out that her mom was in town , so by instinct she decided to go and visit her , as well his brother , that has been evading her because she taunted him by being in love with his best friend , they are n't together anymore , but that was such a devastating thing .
Genuinely , she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so by going to their old house as a surprise would be at least would give her the chance to confront him instead of making a chaos about it , despite this insignificant fraud she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
She called Jimmy and told him where she was going , but Jimmy did n't answer , since he was at work , so she left a voice message .
There are only a limited numbers of government buses on the road and their frequency are not good , so they get overcrowded .
People board these buses out of compulsion , as they have to reach their office on time .
On the other hand , the metro service is a good medium of transportation , it goes over the road , so you do n't get traffic .
The only flaw of the metro service is its unavailability in remote areas .
After a few kilometer , you will find a bus stop , but Metro stations are built only in major areas .
So , even if you travel through metro , you have to take a bus or auto to reach your destination , unless it is located near a metro station .
In public transport , many people do n't get a seat and have to stand throughout the journey , it is very exhausting , especially in a long journey .
While in a private vehicle , you can sit comfortably and enjoy your journey .
Everyone can not afford a car , so public transport would be there but in the future as well , but fewer people will use it .
Recent graduate vs. experienced worker
One of our seniors workers will retire in a month and therefore , As I 'm in charge of the Human Resources department , I has to start the search of a new employee .
Hiring a new employee is not an easy job .
It is a commonly held view that an experienced worker will facilitate the search of .
Any experienced worker would bring a sense of calm , steadiness , wisdom , commitment and experience , of course .
He will contribute with his life experience , and he will request for better working conditions such as salary , family times , and health insurance .
In my opinion , recent graduates are ambitious , without prejudices , and most of them are not family people as of yet .
In conclusion , I would say that a recent graduate would be a great asset for our company as they will accomplished our targets .
Nowadays , many young people use more and more social networks to speak to each other .
However , it can have a bad effect on their lives .
What disadvantages does it have ?
While it is true that social networks help shy people to make new friends , it is also true that young people write their messages with abbreviations .
After doing this regularly , they tend to have problems at school because they start to write incorrectly .
There is another problem which relates to safety .
They also publish their conversations on the internet .
But when they do this , they expose a lot of details about themselves , details that everyone can see , especially strange people .
Dear Ann ,
Now I will explain to you , how to reach my home from the airport .
After , you can take the bus , which drives you to Chiari .
In Chiari you have to get off at the train station .
You surely remember that place because , the last time you came , you told me that it was the worst train station where you 've never been to .
There you 'll find me waiting for you .
In May the weather is usually sunny , but in the evening it could be colder than during the day .
If you do n't want to catch a cold , you should bring a jacket and some trousers .
Let me know the exact date of your arrival .
Best wishes ,
Emma
Dear Maria ,
I am glad to hear that you are interested in visiting Brazil next summer .
I suggest that you visit a village in the south of Bahia called " Taipus de Fora " .
It is a little village where you can experience a different culture , find local handicrafts , eat good food and enjoy beautiful beaches .
It is a good place to spend your holiday and a perfect place to rest .
Near " Taipus " , you could visit " Barra Grande " , where you can see the sunset at " Ponta do Mutá " and eat seafood overlooking the bay .
There are educational programs and channels which transmit good documentaries , but most people prefer other types of programs , such as cartoons , soap operas and soccer matches .
It is argued that whether the government or teachers have the right to determine what subjects should be taught in schools .
There are two main advantages of teachers deciding what subjects are taught in schools .
However , what students learned might be biased to certain aspects .
Although some drawbacks may exist when this task is determined by the central authorities , a committee comprising experts in different disciplines can minimize these drawbacks .
Nowadays , a lot of people say that friends are the family that you choose .
In my opinion , it 's true , however , family is a very important part in your life and you have to take care of it .
It is very important that you choose genuine friends .
It is better to be alone than in badly company .
On the other hand , family is very important .
Not only because they than taken at world but also they are always say the truth .
It is important to take care every moment at his side .
Both texts contribute different approaches to the music industry .
Accordingly , the first one considers if the activity has been affected by file sharing , whereas the second analyses the live performance success in the present technological era .
The first text asserts that file sharing benefits new artists and offers listeners a wide choice of styles , despite the fact that it is believed that file sharing is detrimental for the music industry .
Additionally , the writer suggests that it has some potential which can be used by the CD industry .
As a matter of fact , I agree 100% with both texts .
Regarding file sharing , in my view , the music industry should adapt to new technologies and new habits of users .
Hi Peter !
I was really pleased to receive your email .
The weather in Santa Cruz is boiling this season , so you should bring light clothing .
I remember that you are fascinat with Nature , and you could go to Guembe to eat a delicious typical food , you will see an amazing view and a lot of kind of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
If you want to go sightseeing in downtown and enjoy the nightlife , I know a funny place where we can dance and drink a lot .
If you need more information about this city , let me know .
I 'm waiting for you ,
very best wishes ,
Mirtha
My favourite sport
Why these sports ?
When it 's cold , I always go to a cover swimming pool , and when the weather is warm or hot and the sun is shining , I always go to a reservoar .
Instead of cycling in winter . I would n't do it because , according to my opinion , it is quite dangerous .
The roads can be frozen .
And more , I have an opportunity to meet new people .
Maybe one of my best friends in the future .
On the other hand , I can have a cold and a temperature or something like that .
But I can manage it .
Casar de Cáceres , Feeds Smiles .
Walking around the mysterious streets can be a great experience , we can find some really nice people , including pilgrims crossing the village every day following the historic path of the Via de la Plata , which is located in Casar .
You can smell and taste the gastronomic delight that are on offer , such as the stunning Torta del Casar with denomination of origin .
Come to visit !
Mari Paz Sanabria Montez .
2º ADE - TURISMO
Many drivers regard travelling by car as a future means to travel which helps people save much time .
However , others believe that public transport is better , due to the fact that public transport is environmentally friendly .
It is a known fact that travelling by cars is less green than by travelling public transport .
To preserve our environment , taking public transport is a must and a global trend in the future .
All in all , public transport should be an indispensable part of our future plan , because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by cars , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice for the betterment of our future society with the severe environmental issues .
Public transport is still a vital part of society and should remain as it is .
If everyone start using a car for traveling ; the road wo n't be enough to everyone as there are seven billion people in the world ; and even for the environment it is better to use cars as less as possible .
On top of that , fuel consumption would be too high as we have limited availability of fuel resources .
The government and public body should start thinking about it , and to save the society public transport is the best .
Certain age people wo n't be able to drive a car , so that they definitely need the public transport .
I can understand the use of public transport is decreasing now a day , but there is still a future for it .
So , in summary , to save the environment , to make the road accessible to everyone , public transport should have been used and we all should try to educate people about the importance of public transport .
But he did n't want any girls because he loved only Jessica .
Jessica was 21 years old .
But one day she decided to take off for Australia to visit some relatives .
He asked Jessica to let him come with her , but she did n't agree , because before marrying him , she would try to see if their love could hold out against everything , also the distance .
" If you think so , go away , forever ! " told Michael .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Shopping guide for tourists .
If I were a tourist , I would like to have a great shopping guide with an enormous variety of shops .
This way , I could choose the one which I prefer .
Then , I would make the next recommendation .
Souvenirs store .
Fashion store .
Usually , girls can not spend many days without going shopping and buying some clothes .
These girls could go to an outlet which is near to the art gallery .
There , you can find all the styles of clothes that you can imagine .
Therefore , you will be assessed politely .
Sports store .
This shop is loved by the most sporty people in the town .
If you are like them , it will raise your eyebrows due to the huge variety of sports equipment you will see .
To sum up , in this town you can find all sorts of shops .
Some people say that there are not future for public transport .
However , I believe the public transport still be very important in our society and has a huge future .
Firstly , travelling by bus or in other public transport,(as the underground ) , help us to decrease the emissions of gas , which causes pollution and global warming .
Secondly , we all know that the public transport is cheaper than the private transport .
And the last , ( but not the least ) , public transport is muche safe than the private transport , because it transports much more people , and so , there is more cauttion .
People think that it is a common and effective way , but I believe , once there is no scientific evidence , it should not be brought to the weight - loss process .
In fact , some people just understand an aspect of this method , that is to say , they have applied the wrong method .
Take as an example for this , that some teenagers drink detox water instead of eating meals for three or four days in order to lose weight quickly .
In fact , some deaths have been caused by bringing detoxification to the weight - loss process , because they follow the majority without carefully considering .
Generally speaking , the method has not been demonstrated to work by the scientists , so it is better to avoid it in order not to get some unexpected consequences .
Of course , people want to know some facts of the personal life of famous people , but often , star dont'n like it when journalists try to get in their life .
On the first hand , I would like to talk about the fact that , with the help of the internet , we can easily stay in touch with any of our friends .
There are community sites like Facebook , which have a built - in messenger .
This messenger can help us to chat with our friends without meeting them .
On the other hand , though , people can become anti - social , just because of the lack of real face to face meetings .
In the second part , with the internet , we can follow the news and current affairs very quickly and we do not have to wait for the news on the television , and we do not have to buy newspapers .
It is more time efficient and , in my point of view it is more easier .
However , these news can be false .
Last but not least , the internet is for fun .
There are a lot of funny websites which can put you in a good mood .
Gnadenthal is a very small village , consisting of almost only one single drivable road village , which is not famous for its size , though .
Gnadenthal is exceptionally suitable for people who want to take some time off from their hard and stressful daily life in order to find calmness and to think about themselves in a way of their character .
Since there is no chance for any distractions because of the missing digital infrastructure , any guest will experience a four - day visit the same as a four - week journey in the usual western world .
This enables him to get used to the traditional way of life of a monk .
In addition to the farm work , living in a society of trust in each other is essential for these people .
By conserving this place , the opportunity to gather a great amount of psychological enrichment is conserved , too .
Hi bro , Whats up by there?.I'm going to recommend you to give up from sport , as I told you too many times , sport its bad for your health , it makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like this , and the music is improving and stimulating your brain and intelligence .
But also , I told you that if you are so good in sports , you might get a grant for your studies , which will get worth it , so I do n't know , in my opinion , I would continue with the music if you are good at it cause is better for your brain , but also , sports can relax you and make you disconnect , so if I were you , I would think about it and compare which of both of them you like more or which makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laughed or have a good time .
Well , there is my opinion . I will ask some friend about it and I will try to write you another letter in a few days to help you more , also if you have another problem , do n't forget to ask me for help , please , I will help you in all you want .
Nowadays , my favourite sport is running .
Generally , it seems a modest sport or simple hobby , but it permit me meeting more and more people along the urban streets who make jogging too .
Then you realise that running is a way of life , a healthy way of life .
At the beginning , I had a flatmate who loved cycling and running , even in a city like Madrid .
Moreover , the races are masser and masser and more and more popular .
Keeping up one 's fitness is an important thing for everyone .
There are many kinds of sport which the favourite of mine is Karate .
Karate is not just a sport .
It 's also a teacher in my life .
Karate made me strong and let me know how to face something I was scared of before .
I enjoyed it and got achievability from it .
It is just like playing a game .
Opening your mind , do n't be chicken , and you 'll find different one about you !
Public Transport with no Future
Since most of these public transport amendments have been remedial rather than something planned when foreseeing future problems , they have only been of limited help and , therefore , they have only worked for some time .
Indeed , using public transport is not only unsafe and uncomfortable , but also unhealthy .
One ca n't imagine how many germs ( virus included ) lay on a hand bar waiting for a skin to rush in .
So , little by little , and as the economic conditions of people improves , public transport will eventually disappear .
Also , you are able to choose a place to go depend on how you feel .
Especially in New Zealand , there are some beautiful islands and you can get to them by ferry easily .
If you are interested in trekking , you should buy water - proof clothes , just in case .
To conclude , trekking is one of the most enjoyable sports , even for people who do n't like sports , like me .
Let 's start trekking as soon as possible , otherwise you will miss the opportunity to see fabulous scenery .
One way to reduce those negative consequences is to foster the use of public transport .
Public transport is a more efficient way of using energy .
However , public transport lacks some advantages only found when using our own car .
One thing which we could be sure of is that the world is changing but public transport existed in the past and will be in the future .
The first point , which I would like to menchioned about is cost .
Cars are n't cheep and if you think that it is easier to move form one place to another when you have a car , you have got a point , but there is a lot of considerations which you should occur like : gas , insurance or parking cost .
When you driving by the car , you should be focus on the road , you need to think about what could happen , what the other drivers want to do and which way you should chose .
That could be frustrating , especialy when you have a long road and you need to spend long hours driving .
For one person that would be option yaht you have a car which is parked along your road or on your drivway and on any time you could go whenever you want , for the orher that would be a pleasur that they coud enjoy the trip without thinking about any car 's issues , They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part with others ' life .
Being there has some advantages and disadvantages .
I can start with saying something about the advantages : we are not just classmates but we are friends .
Many of us hang out together during weekends and they have become a group , like me and my other three close friends , but also my " best friend " .
We usually meet three times a year all together to eat a pizza in the city center .
Another advantage could be the teachers : they are quite strict sometimes , but they make us studying harder and this is not so easy to do with teenagers .
But the most important one is that if you are too bored or tired you can look out over a great sight of Turin or mountains from a class ' s window .
But there are some disadvantages , like stairs because we are at the second floor . We would like to keep fit but we have to use too many strairs to reach our classroom and that 's so annoying sometimes .
We share the floor with another school and it has a different timetable and the bell rings 10 minutes before and it makes me confused , but I really like 4B and I would n't change it .
Are they the best invention ? : Cars
Nowadays , almost everyone has a car !
But is this a good thing or a bad thing ?
Cars can be useful for several reasons .
Firstly , they allow us to travel fast by road , mostly to the exact place we want to go .
For instance , we can use the cars radio to listen to some relaxing music , or listen to the news while making our way to the place we want to go to .
As you may be concerned , cars are very useful but they also have some disadvantages .
Nowadays , people are depending on them too much .
In addition , cars have been increasing the world 's carbon emission and that causes the ' Ozone Layer ' to thin down .
To sum up , cars have advantages but , on the other hand , they can also create problems .
In my opinion , cars are one of the best and most useful inventions .
Unfortunately , we should be careful with the way we use them .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm really happy to hear from you again .
You 've chosen the best country for attending university .
Travelling could be a good way to improve your lenguage and to get to know better Italy .
These are both amazing because they are full of history ; in the first one you can still see Romans'monuments instead Florence offers lots of Medieval churches .
Italy offers lots of work opportunity during summertime .
All the best ,
Grazia
Adam was twelve years old , a clever boy in his school , always gets the top marks and participate in most activities , and known for all the teachers and students .
Despite all previous things , Adam was alone , has no friends in school or in abbeywood street in Queensland , where he lived in Australia , and Adam was very annoyed about that , and what make it worth a boy called Johnny who had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends , but from his bad luck , they were n't very good friends , they used to make troubles and do n't do their home work in time .the boys were Fernando and Louis . They were in their seventh year in school , as Adam .
The math teacher in school , Mr Michael , was a very good teacher who takes care of children in school .
He realized Adam 's marks are getting low and he was involved in some troubles in school and began to investigate him .
In the final exam , Mr Michael caught Adam cheating and inform the school 's manager , who suspended Adam from all other exams and forced him to repeat the year .
In matter of fact , Mr Michael should have provided some advice for Adam when his marks got low but he didn't , and the consequences were very bad , so , Michael closed the door and know at that moment he had made a mistake .
I live in a big city , the capital of Spain , so there are different modes of transport .
I prefer to use the train or the tube , because they are punctual and because there are a signs where you can see the time less .
Also , every three or four minutes , you can get on the train .
There are buses too , but I do not like them . Depend on the dot , there are traffic problems and you must wait a long time in a bus stop .
I am from a small island where only there is a form of transport : the bus .
I know this is not easy , but there is an ecological and cheap mode of transport : the bicycle .
For short distance , it is a good way to do exercise and to avoid contaminating .
Of course , it is not a way for long distance , but step to step , the traffic problems will improve .
For almost the entire duration of " Now you see me " , I was confused .
But let me tell you that I was confused in the best way , not because it was rather wacky but because happenend unexpected .
In fact , it was the box - office hit when it was released and the film went on to gross over 350 million .
They are called " The Four Horsemen " .
They carried out a series of daring robberies against corrupt business leaders during their performances , sharing out the stolen money with their audiences .
As far as the storyline is concerned , I have to say that the film is really fast - moving .
Regarding the acting , taking into account that it is a big - budget film , there is not much to say .
It is fairly well played by actors , such as , Jesse Eisenberg , Morgan Freeman , who play their role perfectly , making the film light - hearted .
If I have to stand out any weakness I will say that is a bit predictable .
Let me explain it .
As it is a movie related to magic tricks , when a sequence is played and it seems simple and easily understanable , you know that , indeed , it is not .
If you do n't like films that make you think , this film is not for you .
On the other hand , if you are looking for a film that is extremely gripping and can keep you guessing , it 's definitely the right choice for you .
They can also have constant mood changes and high levels of nervousness , since they may have lost many hours of sleep whilst studying for a certain exam .
As a result , many High School Students may not concentrate during classes , or whilst studying , since they have many things on going through their heads ( since they 've been studying a lot ) .
The previous are the best possible solutions I would address in order to stop once and for all the problem of stress thanks to exams , in which most of the cases , as the previous paragraph explained , leads to many more problems .
When I was a child I used to spend thousands of hours playing football , anywhere I could .
I always dreaming of becoming a great player , playing in a stadium crowded , people clapping their hands looking at what I did with the ball .
When I grew up , I realize sooner than later , that I will never be nor a good neither a bad player , and they said that I was one of the worst players that ever lived .
Then I decided to study engineering and becoming one of the best engineers ever .
Long after that , due such I was a natural talent about engeneering , I began to write books and essays about everything realted with my job .
Life is becoming bigger more and more .
Today , you need more than what you needed yesterday .
People are looking for a comfortable , easy life .
We are all looking for that without great difficulty or effort and one way to achieve this goal is to study abroad .
Many students today like to study abroad to get a high level of life to get their life job and experience a new way of life .
Studying abroad can enhance employment opportunities .
companies are looking for well - educated people with a good experience to hire and students are more likely to fit their choices .
With your certificate , you can easily fine a job .
You can work at a university as a lecturer and get a high salary .
They meet new people and make friends with students from different countries .
They try new food in completely different places .
They can explore cities in weekends or during academic breaks .
They learn how to do everything by themselves and become independent .
Moreover , you can learn many things and expand your knowledge , and have friends from different backgrounds .
Dear Paco ,
Hi !
How are you ?
Do you remember our arrangement ?
Besides , I 've a big surprise , apart from remembering our agreement , my father is taking up hiking with his friends and he has offered us to join in .
What do you think ? We could go on Sunday morning .
Nevertheless , what about having lunch on Saturday and speak about it quietly ?
Answer me soon
Best wishes
Julianete
Dear editor
I 'm writing in response to the announcement in International Sports Monthly .
I would like to say that my favourite sport is birdwatching .
I know that this is something strange , but I really enjoy it .
To begin with , I am interested in birdwatching because from when I was young and I want to be a biologist when I grow up .
Furthermore , I enjoy being able to recognise the different species of birds .
If someone wants to start birdwatching , I think he should be interested in birdwatching first .
This means that if he does n't like it , he will definitely give up immediately .
So , if someone really want to birdwatch , he should first know what species of birds there are in the area that he lives .
Then he should buy a pair of binoculars or a telescope .
To sum up , I believe birdwatching is a really exciting sport but you must like it to start it .
Do n't you know what to say in the presence of a huge audence ?
In addition , it could be interesting , although you do n't have to do physical actitivy , because of your capacity to redaction a speech , support an idea , have a connected speech will be got better in this kind of activity .
I think that the allure of this activity is that you can meet a lot of people and share with them that experiences .
Moreover , I think that it should become a reality , because the field of the activity is so broaden and it could be useful in other plenty scope , even in your daily routine .
I think that my college must provide an activity which is focused on the social abilities and it teaches you how you must speak in front of a multitude , and why not could be this ?
Dear Lucky ,
I am very grateful that you will help me with searching for some information about colleges in England .
Actually , I am interested in science , especially the area between chemistry and physics .
Also , it will be interesting for me tuition , which refers to biology and the influence in different kind of chemical compounds over the human body .
Thanks a lot for your support !
Write to me as soon as possible .
Best wishes ,
Niki
.
If service meets only the expectation and does not provide anything more than it , that means customer satisfaction is there , but the customer would not feel great .
If service is not meeting the expectation of the customer or its quality is just below what is expected , it causes customer dissatisfaction .
This will result in consequences such as negative feedback .
In this context , it can be concluded that 78% of the respondents are satisfied with both the customer services of builders and the results of Vasthu .
The rest of the respondents have positive feedback .
I like watching movies a lot .
It is one of my favourite free time activities .
You can choose what you want to watch .
Personally , I , watch a comedy movie almost every evening .
It makes my mood better and I fall asleep while watching it .
I respond to the article " White House calls for ' genuine choice ' in Hong Kong elections after petition attracts 200,000 signatures " on SCMP .
I feel sad and angry to know that 200,000 Hong Kong people support this website .
They are short - sighted and it seems that they are brain - washed by radical democracy thoughts .
People who signed in the website were colluding with foreign powers to suppress our own country , China .
I think this is a traitors ' action .
They do not have basic loyalty to their own country .
Using foreign powers to threaten China is a kind of unwise act .
In fact , china will not be moved by this , and this will aggravate the contradiction between Hong Kong , China and the US .
China has the power and freedom to decide the way to settle the dispute .
The US and other countries should not disrupt it .
It is better not to interfere in the internal political affairs when they do not know lots about China 's politic conditions .
The US is really a busybody .
As we all know , Occupying Central is illegal .
The US is supporting this illegal activity indirectly .
So it is very strange for the US to say " rule by law " when they support Occupying Central .
In Occupying the Wall Street , the US did not seems to be much more peaceful than the Tiananmen Massacre .
According to Wiki encyclopedia , the FBI called the occupier as " terrorist " and decided to suppress the dispute as if settling a terrorist attack .
So the US has no qualification to criticize China .
I do not know if there is a filter for president candidates , I just know that the ballots are counted in states .
Is the US really target to get Hong Kong into a democracy area ?
I think not , but a democracy " country " .
After Hong Kong gets " real democracy " , the US will drive Hong Kong to be independent .
And it can even occupy the broken China to get interest in it .
I am afraid that Occupying Central would lead to chaos that similar to the Tunisian Revolution .
The signature collection of the White House has now ended .
China has not take any further action .
I really hope Hong Kongers that signed in the website could think again about what they were doing and how harmful it is to China .
Learning many ideas and knowing detailed facts both are considered crucial for students ' education .
In my view , l completely agree with the idea that it is important to students to learn idea and concept rather than learn facts .
I would like to explain my reasons .
However , ideas and concepts give people a competitive edge in dealing with other similar issues .
For example , once I do n't grasp an idea that my teacher have explained in class , but just remember the facts .
When I do my homework , I find the problem is different than in the case discussed in the class .
While , if I go back to my textbook and try to realize ideas and concepts .
I work out the problem easily .
From this experience , I learn that I do not just remember facts , but should try my best to understand ideas and concept .
Consequently , you can reach high academic levels .
However , learning ideas and concepts need more investigation and understanding from many of the academic textbooks . .
I took physics class .
It was massive materials on a specific issue , but I attempted my best to catch its notion and that made me recognize any unmentioned points .
I would say you are talking about my father .
When he was younger , he worked to the government , but he had to quit because of the corruption .
He has travelled a lot , he knows Barcelona , London , Paris , Stockholm , Miami and so many places .
So , if I can end my days , having been a little bit like him , the work will be finished and I could say I have been a good father , just like him .
When I try to create in dreams , the home of the future , the first thing , which I have in mind is new technology . in my opinion , homes in the future have to be different , this is connected with our society and development .
A lot of them .
In general , houses could have open space , a lot of windows and light everywhere .
In my opinion , inside they will be looks still in the same way , maybe with more technology connected with new inventions .
One of the most impressive solution will be swimming pool in the sky , near area .
They will be more comfortable and useful for our community .
It was a sunny day and I was with my friends at the beach .
Because it was our first day at the Algarve , we decided to explore , a bit more of the area .
The next place was a restaurant near the beach .
Near the restaurant , we saw a very strange thing .
Because I had never heard beautiful words like that about me , I accepted the invitation without thinking .
When the night comes , I went to the restaurant that he invited me to go to .
The dinner was amazing .
Since then , we have been in touch and by now we are dating . I think this is extraordinary .
Ruben is a very cute guy and I do not want to lose him , never .
When I was younger , I did n't like any sport .
After that , I sign up into Karate classes , but I did n't like combat sports like this .
That 's for sure .
All right , I 'm going to give you some advice .
If you remember that , and understand it , you will become a great basketball player .
I 'm sure .
For this reason , when a woman and her family decided to live a whole month without plastic they had to change treir live style .
Nowadays , there are a lot of products which have plastic or they are wrapped in plastic , so it could be difficult to live a whole month without it .
However , this family believed that if they arrived their goal , they would reduce the amount of plastic rubbish .
Such us yoghorts , biscuits , etc , was wrapped in plastic .
However , I also think that it 's important to be concient with the environmental concernts , so some ideas like this could be good to reduce the rubbish .
To sum up , I think that it 's important to know that we should recycle plastic as well as carton , glass , etc .
So , we can use the plastic in a responsible way , but we have to know that we should n't follow this idea until the extreme because we need plastic .
Witness
I was sitting here alone , six floors up on my little balcony , when I heard shots and saw boys running .
And then , I saw something black not moving in the LANDSCAPE of the woods .
I knew a body was lying there and knew it was dead .
A 15-year - old boy , the papers said .
A Bunch of sirens , cops and spinning lights were down there .
I watched till they DRAG him away , and then everything got quiet again , as it there was nobody , so I 'm sure the cops will ENFORCE the guy who did this .
I did n't see them till next morning .
I 'm looking down at those woods .
A couple 's coming slow on Frankstown , walking with a girl by the hand , had to be the boy 's baby sister .
They pass through Mason 's bar and stop exactly next to the spot where the boy died .
Then they started to put and REWARD flowers were the boy died .
Could they hear my old mind working to guide them , lead them and TREND them and get up out of this damn wheelchair and take them by the hand .
But I was in POVERTY , so I could not go and take them .
That was an unfair death .
When you meet unique people with amazing stories .
Hello Jo
Congratulations !
You 're very lucky because you have free time to travel and work abroad .
My country , Spain , has a lot of beautiful cities and places to visit .
There is a well - known mountain , Lagos de Covadonga .
You could spend some time walking and visiting the region .
There are many kilometres of coast and there are a lot of sites and parties to enjoy all the time .
If you come here on February , you will enjoy yourself a lot in Cadiz with the carnival .
Travelling in Spain is easy .
Paco
Not differently of much of the world 's sports lovers , I 'm sick about Football !
When a very skilled player finds himself in a hostile work environment ( with talented but selfish players who are n't committed to their " team play " ) he tends to lose performance and lack good results in matches .
Supporters of traditional clubs can be very passionate .
Every country has got its own history .
For years of wars and difficult situations , the history was creating people 's beliefs and convintions .
It was creating a culture .
People were building new castles , palaces and churches .
Yes - churches .
The monastery is situated on a hill .
Some people probably think - there is not anything special- an usual picture .
Immediately the fighters of Sweden began to stop attacking a hill .
Polish soldiers managed to repulse them .
In 1656 , the polish king John II Casmir made the Lwów Oath .
I think it is a perfect example of an important historical place in my country .
I think everybody who lives in Poland must go to Częstochowa .
When you were a child , have you ever asked yourself what are you able in ?
Or were you sure about your favourite sport ?
What are the sports you usually do ?
But , most of all , do you enjoy them ?
On the one hand , we have the people who lives on their sport , on the other hand , there are ones who do any sport , indifferently , because it is just a way to lose weight or a way to spend their free time .
Unfortunately , I have not a favourite sport , although I 'd like to have one .
I just go to the gym twice a week to attend a course and I swear I have never sweated more .
So , for the unlucky ones like me , my suggestion is , If you did not fall in love with any sport , you should try a course ! You will surely feel better and more relaxed after that .
Places to enjoy
The aim of this report is to give advice about the best places for the young people in my home town .
Cultural visits
Tarragona is an interesting and beautiful place for spending your time .
TArragona is near Barcelona .
Restaurants and clubs
You should go to the restaurants located in the harbour of Tarragona .
All of them are based on the typical Mediterranean cuisine .
Mirabel , Aquamar and Siroco are the trendy restaurants .
They are very comfortable and cosy and a good price .
YOu could go to clubbing in Tarragona , but if you travel in summer it is worth the effort to go to Salou .
It 's a village close to Tarragona .
AT night it has a special atmosphere .
Relax
The best option to relax is to be lying on the beach .
Watching the Mediterranean sea .
In my opinion , parents are the same and they can be great teachers for their children .
Several reasons can support this idea , but I try to focus on the most important ones .
First , Parents are a great source of experience , which can be helpful in teaching .
These two reasons may be enough for every child to consider his / her parents as valuable teachers .
I , myself , have faced with so many cases that helped me to understand the teaching ability of my parents .
Once , when I was 18 years old , I had to make an important decision about my university major .
So , I just made a quick decision based on some research on the internet and some personal favorites and priorities .
So , by considering different ideas and opinions , finally I chose computer engineering as my university major .
Now I am graduated in this major and I am really satisfied with that .
Parents ' closeness to their children can be another reason that makes them good teachers .
Regarding this information , they can teach their children and help them to make reasonable decisions .
I remember once in high school I had to make new friends and I was dubious about my situation and it was a great dilemma to choose the best ones .
So , I came to my parents and asked for their help , they presented the best recommendations for making the decision , then I could make the best friends that I can easily go along with .
So , parents can be the best teachers regarding their emotional closeness to their children .
All in all , parents are a great source of experience , which can help them to be good teachers .
Also , they have so many close relationships with their children , which makes them a trustworthy characters as teachers .
I hope a day that all the children will rely on their parents as their teachers .
Howhever , I like very much walking , too .
When the weather is good , I often go out with my friend for a walk in the countryside or do shopping .
At least I enioy to take care on my garden , where there are many flowerbeds with a lot of different kinds of flowers .
Dear Laura ,
I am glad to hear from you and know you have bought a new computer game .
Actually , I do n't like very much the computer games , because , in my opinion , they are so boring!I also think these games get a sort of dependency , like the alcohol or the drugs , so they can be very dangerous !
For example , I use my computer to prepare exercises for my students or to look for funny and useful laboratory 's experiences of chemistry .
See you soon .
Kisses .
Sara
A terrible holiday
Last year I decided to go on holiday with my friends .
In fact , I was ill all the time and I only could look at the sea through the window of my room !
Dear Jeanny ,
My favourite TV programme is Quark .
For example , I can know about the Big Bang , or the origin of the universe , it 's fascinating !
In my opinion , it is one of the most interesting programme about the science on TV .
A kiss .
Sara
What did you understand about the job advertisement ?
This is a job about all the information material on a cruse , and the media manager works with other managers on a cruise .
Every day you heave new news about the cruise , excursion , the weather and many other information about the cruise .
If you want information early the in morning , we well can get newspapers in your cabin .
The media manager follow information on panel , change information depending on the weather , trip and many other information .
What happens if you change the route on a cruise ?
To take care of our bodies , we eat well , exercise and make sure to get enough sleep .
The title of one of the best thriller movies I have ever seen is " Seven " .
" Seven " is a story about a psychopathic serial killer , who kills on behalf of morality and ethics .
In particular , the killer kills seven people , each one corresponding to those actions - that , according to the Christian religion , are the seven deadly sins .
All the murders show characteristics reflecting a specific deadly sin .
In the movies there , are some references to the Dante 's " Divina Commedia " , an Italian poem , as well as to the Bible .
The second do n't agree with them .
In my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable .
It 's nice to go through the shops and take leave with hands full of bags .
Unfortunately , we realize at home , that our wallet is empty .
That makes us sad .
What is more , shopping may affect our mood or even our body in a bad way .
When it comes to bargain sale , on such period , people start to behave like animals and rarely think reasonable .
They walk very quickly , even run , to get the last thing which is left on the store .
They sometimes almost fight for it .
It 's really dangerous .
All in all , shopping in it 's intention is an enjoyable action which often makes us feel happy about it .
Nevertheless , some people treat shopping too seriously and , as a result , become addicted to it .
To whom it may concern .
Hi to everyone ,
I 'd like to present my application because I think I 'm the right person that you are looking for for the job described in your advertisement .
At the same time , I was one of the leader in the " Scouts " , so I 've learned a lot about how to come together with people and to take care of them .
Each years , in the summer holiday , I 've worked in the " Summer camp " organised in our neighboorhood , both helping in the kitchens and organising sports and various activities for children between 6 and 13 years hold .
Carefully , your , Daniela
In the wonderful world of cooking that we live , in where we have a lot of products and chefs are so good , I would want to visit an Italian restaurant , because I love cheese and I think that Italy is the best place where you can eat a different types of cheese in the world .
When I eat in a restaurant , I hate two things : people smoking and the high level of voice of the people .
I think that an Italian restaurant is a great place for my class , because there they can choose between different fantastic dishes . For example : pasta , pizza , seafood or pork .
Besides , they can drink many different wines .
I travelled to my country of birth , where I was able to meet my family member , relative and friends .
I visited many interesting places , i.e. nature reserve , historical places , the zoo , rivers etc .
This practical experience gave me the opportunity to understand the importance of supervision .
Good Morning !
I 'm Mary and I 'm writing you a letter because I would like to work in your summer camp .
I live in Milan with my parents , but I 'll move to the USA before the end of spring , so I would like to find a job there to make some money .
My parents are both English native speakers , but to learn more about the culture , I studied languages at the university and now I 'm graduated in English and French , so this job is also an opportunity for me to improve my English in another state and not only with my parents and family .
In Italy , I worked as a babysitter for a couple of months , I took care of 3 kids : 1 child is 7 years old and the others 2 children are both 11 years old . And back then , I had to cook for them lunch and dinner .
At the university , I was part of the football team and we won the championship against one of the most athletic football team in our country .
I think I 'm an energetic person , that likes all the types of sports and activities , but the most important thing is that I love kids and playing with them makes me really happy .
I would like to take part of your staff , so please let me know if I can work with you !
Thank you for your time !
Bright future for public transport
It is efficient and private .
The car has brought the epic change to our lifestyle .
We depend on cars so much , as if they are our spare pair of foot .
As a result , the rapid increasing of cars on the road has brought negative consequences .
Such as global warming , soil and water pollution and acid rain .
Secondly , vehicles contain many different fluids , including motor oil , antifreeze , gasoline , air - conditioning refrigerants , and brake , transmission , hydraulic and windshield - wiper fluids .
In most cases , these fluids are toxic to humans and animals , and can pollute waterways if they leak from a vehicle or are disposed of incorrectly .
In 2010 , a recurring massive traffic jam that happened in China caught the worldwide media 's attention .
Many drivers were able to move their vehicles only 1 km per day , and some drivers reported being stuck in the traffic jam for five days .
It is considered to be one of the longest traffic jams by some media .
On the other hand , modern public transport has been improved progressively in the past decade .
the subway has become the most popular commute tool .
On a normal weekday , over 8 million people use the Shanghai Metro.[3 ]
The public transport in my city is very convenient .
Even though our subway system is still developing , the main line that pass through downtown , several universities and popular city spots is very popular and has been many tourist , students ' and professionals 's prior choice for commute .
If I have to get to somewhere on time in the rush hour , I will first consider the subway over drive a car .
Eco - friendly awareness has positively affected the young generations .
Taking the subway to work has become a trend and all the changes that are happening today will sure lead to a bright future to public transport .
[ 1 ] Wikipedia , Motor Vehicles Per Capita
[ 2 ] Wikipedia , New York City Subway
[ 3 ] Wikipedia , Shanghai Metro System
Dear Ann ,
I am going to explain how to get to my place from the airport .
First of all , once you arrive , you will need to get the train , which stops at Tiburtina .
So , from Piazza Rubiani take the second on the right , which is Via Priscilla and stop at number 27 .
Should you have any problems , just give me a call !
I ca n't wait to see you .
Love .
Adri
The restaurant is charming and fascinating , located in the old town 's center .
You can listen to live music or a DJ on Friday evening , it 's really fun !
As the concert finished , I heard someone call my name .
A man put a small envelope in my hand and went away .
At that moment , the phone started to ring , I pick it up ... but no one answeared me when I asked ' Who is that ? ' .
I was beginning to get very nervous when somebody Knocked on the door .
I opened it but there was nobody there !
Suddenly , a loud noise was heard in the room and I woke up .
All over the world , the number of overweight people is growing .
What are the effects ?
Obesity is one of the most important challenges of the current society due to the fact that the number of people suffering from it has been growing alarmingly .
Firstly , food habits such as fast food and sedentary lifestyle are some of the main causes of the surge in weight among people .
For instance , there are many studies by various bodies in the US show that more and more teenagers are spending most of their time in front of the TV or computer playing video games , they hardly perform any sort of physical activity and also indulge in fast food .
This shows that fried or package food and a complete lack of exercise are the chief reasons for the increase in obesity among young people .
Secondly , bullying among teenagers and a rise in heart attacks are some of the main effects among people who are obese .
For example , it should be noted that , recent studies by WHO has revealed that obese people are prone to bullying and there is rise in the number of cases of heart attacks among young people with obesity .
This example shows that people with obesity not only suffer from bullying , but also from heart attacks .
Dear friend :
I bought two kinds of clothes , casual clothes for every day and an outfit for an occasion , to my cousin 's wedding the next month .
Best regards
BEA
Peter looked at his watch and knew he had to do something immediately .
When the first hour had passed , he decided he would go walking .
When he opened the door , a cold wind whipped him hard but he did n't care about it and kept going .
He began to feel wet and that was when he noticed that it was raining heavily .
He could n't believe it , but he could n't stop walking . He had to get to the church .
He was wet , cold , starving , and outside the weather had worsened , the road was flooded and the cars could n't pass .
But Peter did not regret having walked in the pouring rain , because he had been with his sister on her special day .
There are plenty of sports . some can be practiced indoors , some outdoors and others in water .
Swimming is one of the most complete sports , because you use every part of your body in order to sustain and advance in the water .
The ideal is to start practicing this sport as children , because the oldest you are the is more difficult it is to overcome fear , but it is never too late to learn to swim .
Among the advantages of swimming we can highlight the following :
1 .
to delay aging , it increases memory and the ability to move .
3 .
Improving the respiratory system .
4 . Eliminate back pain and aching bones .
If you want to know more and learn to practice this sport , we recommend attending a specialized school , there are many good and not so expensive ones , where you can count with the support of a qualified instructor who will give you the confidence to start .
Hi Keiron ,
Hope you are doing well .
We are aiming to deliver the Service Guide materials in Week 25 to the marketing colleagues for translation and localisation .
The countries will have 6 weeks to localise and production it ( till Week 32 ) .
Would you be available to meet on Monday , June 02 .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Kind regards ,
134 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation .
Various points of view are given concerning concepts of sexual intercourse , sodomy , lesbianism .
On the basis of medical and legal provisions as well as jurisprudence , the author formulates definitions of the mentioned actions of a sexual character .
Also , the imperfection in formulation of the specified article is stressed .
On the basis of a more weighed and reasonable approach , the new edition of Art .
134 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation is offered .
Hi Tom ,
You 're welcome , I 'll be very happy to put you up . I'll show you the marvellous venues which are situated in my hometown .
You must find the bus stop on the side of the car park .
You must take the number 748 .
Secondly , you 'll get off at the Galleria .
It 's a shopping centre , which is situated in Hatfield .
On the opposite side of the National express ' bus stop there 's the bus stop .
You have to catch the 712 bus up .
You must get off at London Road bus stop .
Finally , you will find my apartment near the bus stop .
This is the cheapest way to get to my home that I know .
If you need further details about how to arrive at my apartment write to me soon .
Take care
Maurizio
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
You can go anywhere you want , and even during the night when the public transport is scarce or it could be unsafe .
However , a car is not always more economical to run because , for example , you have to pay for road taxes , insurance , and motor tests .
It is also important to mention that people who drives its own car most of the time travel on their own .
To sum up , I think the future in public transport is just starting up .
We flew from Orio Al Serio to Catania : to me it was the first time I took an air , and it was amazing , but at the beginning I had a little bit of a headache .
When we arrived in Catania , the bus driver bring us in a café to have breakfast .
Then we went to Taormina and we visited a lot of things : the Greek theatre , Corvaia palace and the Sicilian ' pupi ' , the Roman Odeon and a public garden and other beautiful places .
Then we had lunch and went to ' Giardini Naxos ' and we saw the necropolis .
In the evening , we went to Siracusa and we stayed in the hotel because we were tired .
The next morning , we visited Siracusa and in the afternoon we went to Ortigia island where we had a little bit of free time .
From Siracusa we moved to Agrigento , where a lot of us stay in the hotel that night .
In Garigento , we saw the ' Valle Dei templi ' and a museum and in the afternoon we moved to ' Santa Maria Dei Greci ' .
We saw also Pirandell 's house , and after this we went to Marsala . during the evening , we stayed in the hotel and in the morning we saw a museum and then we moved to Trapani , where we visited the saltworks .
It was an incredible trip !
I have an unusual car .
It looks like regular cars but has some advantages .
First of all , my car has high speed .
Secondly , it can fly .
Besides , my car is considerably more powerful than other means of transport .
My means of transport is blue like the sky .
Many people use public transport every day and I think this is good for our communication , because we can talk to other people .
It is also good for our environment because there is just one bus for 80 people .
The Weeping Angel is a thriller full of haunting beauty and intrigue .
Looking for traces of those he loved , he stumbles upon a truth that was hidden in plain sight .
He might have tricked the monsters into a trap , but such creatures , almost too evil to be real , can never be stopped .
My favourite sport is swimming . I like it because it makes me feel free , independent and happy .
It is an individual sport but also a team activity .
In my opinion , it is one of the healthiest sport there are beacuse you can train not only your body but you can also develop your breath .
I do not practice swimming in competitions , but almost since I was 3 years old .
I have always felt comfortable as a child with my tank mates .
At the moment , I am training at the Turin Sisport near Mirafiori .
It is a sport quite tiring but you can relax when the coach says it 's time to take a break .
If I had to give advice to someone who wants starting this sport , I would tell him not to worry if he does n't feel confident .
If he was afraid of the water , it is not recommended to practice this sport , or be able to break down his fear would be a great goal .
All in all , I would recommend to anyone to play this sport .
It is a sport that purifies and regenerates you .
If we talk about my favourite sport , it basketball will be .
I love basketball , though I rarely play basketball because it is hard to find a stadium to play basketball in Thailand .
Let 's talk about the advantages of playing basketball .
It is an easy sport to play for anyone who has never play any sport before .
So , newbies can understand and know the rules easily .
It 's true that not many people consider the members of their family their best friends .
Nobody can leave a family , as there will be a bloody union .
So , it would be a good choice to consider them your friends .
All in all , how we can see , there are many advantages and disadvantages of considering the members of your family your best friends .
What 's more , not only is your best friend the person who never lies to you , but he / she also is the person who is always by your side .
The housing situation for young people in my country
Introduction :
Who can afford a house ?
Nowadays , owning your own house has become an uphill struggle unless you were willing to pay through the nose for it .
Due to the enormous economic crisis that have shaken Europe and that have intoxicated the real - estate market , most of the prices are eye - watering expensive for college students that want to study abroad or simply emancipate .
Even if they manage to save the amount of money for a flat , it usually has not enough room to swing a cat .
In addition , the unwillingness of the banks to lend money to anyone without a stable job is something important to take into account .
If you can not afford it , then just rent it .
Then , sharing the costs could be the solution for lots of students beyond all the problems that could arise from the communal living .
At least you 'll always have your parents .
What about the future ?
As there are no many signs for this to become a real , young people must wait to start their own lives .
My favourite sport is running .
When I run , I feel relaxed , I forgot all my troubles and stresses .
Once , I took part in a half - marathon .
But then I proved to myself that everything is possible .
They teach me the techniques of how to run faster .
I keep practicing with them , running around West Lake every Saturday .
After the race , we get around in the cafe , drink beer and have a nice conversation .
It was a great time .
My next goal is to participate in a full - marathon .
Also , running improves my willpower , because I have to wake up early in the morning and run , without fail .
I have become more organized , and I have managed to do more than I could have imagined .
It helps you not to waste your time .
I think it is the key to success .
We can learn that a lot of successful people are very organized .
In my opinion , sport plays a great role in our life .
This company has the intention of setting up some training courses for staff , so I came up with the idea of having a course that concentrates on company morale .
I consider this course as a priority in order to get every employee to feel motivated and involved in what this company has to offer .
I strongly believe in the idea of having a comfortable office environment , because when you like what you are doing and also where you are doing it , you will do it the best you can .
In conclusion , this will get everyone feel part of the company and we will have everyone 's opinions .
The movie was first released in 1982 and was directed by Ridley Scott , who is the director of Alien .
The story of blade runner is about a police officer named dickard who is working as a killer for the most dangerous robots on earth , which they called the replicants , and they are dangerous on human .
Dickard , the police officer , killed three robots in the film , but at the end of the movie and before he tried to kill the last robot , he discovered that batty has emotions and feelings instead of his mechanism body , because he saved dickard 's life at the end of the film .
On the one hand , it is more convenient to have a car .
Owning a vechicle is very comfortable and gives you independence .
It enable you to go everywhere you want , no matter when .
You can also stop caring about how much you taking to work and on trips , being able to hide all those things inside of your trunk , while it is impossible in any other means of transport ,
For those people , there is always another option - public transport .
Moreover , travelling by trains , trams or buses produces less exhaust fumes and , as a result , saves the ozone layer .
To sum up , travelling using public transport is more beneficial for both the environment and travellers .
Hi Sara ,
thanks for your interest , you 're very kind !
For this , the first think I 'd like to do when I 'll arrive is to visit the country , I want to do this during the first month , every day I want to enjoy myself visiting new places !
After , that I 'll need to make some money , my parents will give me some , but they wo n't be enough for six months , so I must find a job !
The first thing I must ask you is if you could find a place where I can stay , a motel or , better , a shared house . I know it 's a lot to ask but could you send me a contact details of a company that is looking for a part - time staff ?
Thanks a lot
I hope to see you soon !
kiss , Gloria .
Stem cells are undifferentiated biological cells that can differentiate into specialized cells and divide to produce more stem cells .
Science nowadays has developed a lot , and gave the population a lot of possibilities , like storing the stem cells and using them to heal the future health problems anyone could have .
All in all , I suppose a lot of people disagree with this subject because it is not a good idea for them , but in my opinion , it is a really good idea to save other people 's lives by taking stem cells from an aborted foetus .
Introduction
Findings
When you come to Leonberg you will find many useful shops .
The most popular retail stores are located in our famous mall , called Leo Center .
There you can find almost anything you want , from clothes to electronics and groceries , to beauty products and flowers .
Even if you are interested in more than ordinary shopping , you will be satisfied in Leonberg .
We provide a big furniture store , an extraordinary market garden , a well - known home improvement store , and also a large bike retailer with professionally trained shop assistants .
Recommendations
Depending on your personal interests , you should head for different quarters of Leonberg .
If you prefer to walk around and get a feeling for the town 's culture , you should go to one of the both historic town centers .
If you rather like faster shopping , I suggest you visit our Leo Center .
In my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable , especially for men .
Sometimes , your shopping trip turn out to be unsuccessful and you are desperate because you wasted money .
But , if you are a woman and you are lots of money and time , you will be always content during the shopping .
If we look around us , we can see a lot of facilities .
They have not always been here , and they will not be here for ever .
For this reason , we are always involved in the project of improving the facilities for life , and one of the most important aspects of the project is the home .
Nowadays , we have a lot of electronic devices , such as microwaves , remote contols for tv , electronic devices for cooking , personal computers , and so on and so forth .
Each one make the everyday life a bit more easy , but a real progress on the home would be electronic devices that were connected to the mind .
This would be my ' home of future ' .
An inner electronic system would compose the whole house ; it would include small devices of wave reception connected , in every side of the house , to a gum headband whose function would be to identify the neuronal stimuli and to convert them on radiowaves .
Dear Paul ,
But , I fortunately did it .
I was attached to a group of people who were responsible for informing the public about the programme and all the organisation stuff .
After some time , I felt sad , because I realised that I wo n't be albe to see the bend playing at the stage , because I had to stay in front of the entry .
I was so extremely happy .
After that , we went to the backstage and spent some time with the band .
It was really cool .
As you can see , it was all really amazing .
I met a lot of fantastic people and I am still in touch with them .
I hope that , next time , you will be able to go with me .
Love , XY .
That was a mistake .
A BIG mistake .
Like everyone else on this planet ... I think ?
Anyway , you know what ?
- " Shit ! "
Yes , I know , not very smart .
And this is the " Mandy moment " .
- ... You never change .
You always do something wrong .
This is you .
YOU .
Michael the big man , who can do everything in the whole damn world , except take care of his keys , I guess ... "
I think I 've neglected to explain one thing to you ?
Michael was , at this moment , angry .
But not angry like you and me .
No no no .
Angry like a tiger , or something else who 's bad , naughty and terrific .
Yeah .
- " What is your problem ?
- What ?
- I 've no problem with you !
You 're fucked up all the time . "
He hit her .
That was all .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Sexual Harassment
Have you ever been harassed by others ?
Their behavior may make you feel uncomfortable and disgusting .
If you have or you have witnessed this before .
You should know it is called sexual harassment .
Today , I will talk about the problem of sexual harassment .
First , I will show you what happens when sexual harassment occurs .
Second , I will tell you how to deal with sexual harassment .
Let 's start by watching a video .
( show video )
The perpetrators harm the victims by words or assault .
Next I will tell you how to deal with it .
Screaming , yelling … do some actions which will attract others ' attention .
You can also prepare some weapons such as pepper spray , a whistle or an electric baton , just in case .
Yet , you should tell someone you can trust .
And then they can help you to solve the problem .
In conclusion , sexual harassment may happen anywhere , anytime , by anyone .
Let 's say no to sexual harassment !
You begin with a
in other restaurants , and they let you eat the amount of main courses as you wish for the same price .
There is a package that includes the Starter , the main course and the desert .
Rivera is a friendly and lively place
To sum up , I will recommend this place if you want to pass a great time and eat as your last day .
Travelling by car is much more convenient than using public transport for various obvious reasons .
Our interaction with human beings have pathetically reduced .
Exchanging greetings , expressing emotions , updating work status , gaming , studying and more have become activities we do using mobile phones .
Cars are mostly used by people travelling for long distances in a shorter time .
Inside cities and for shorter distances , nothing can be more comfortable and safe than public transport .
It was after thinking about this major problem that , the governments from around the world has launched the greatest and most ambitious plan .
To start with , cars are going to be made by using the high technology at a lower cost , and therefore affordable to all .
City development is already under construction .
New motorways , streets , parking are not longer sit on the council 's offices , waiting to be signed , they are a reality transforming the world landscape .
Could we ever think of such a dream coming true ? All this is beyond my imagination and understanding , whereas the use of new technologies could be used to give the world a much better healthy environment and less egocentric .
Dear John
I would like to know with how many initial investment I have to calculate ?
Is this more in the evening or on the weekend ?
Can you send me an offer ?
Yours sincerely
Isabel
In the future our lives will be much more difficult because we 'll struggle for everything alone .
We have started to struggle alone .
No one will help each other .
Everyone will get help from the machines or technological items .
Despite this , our appearance will change .Our fashion will be more technique .
I ca n't imagine what things we might eat in the future .
Pills ?
Because we wo n't have time to eat delicious food and drink an exquisite wine and have a chat with a friend .
Well , I do n't think that we will build a close relationship with anyone and building a family will be even worse .
The family might exist on paper , but not in real because each member in the family will be busy and they will just send some masseges from the high - technology phones they 'll have at that time .
I know , it sounds boring and pessimistic , but if we wo n't change our minds imediately , the future is going to be like that , for sure .
From an overall perspective , it is notable a higher amount of illiterate women in all the regions compared with men , who are in some cases the half part of the total of women in each region .
Developed countries , Latin America and East Asia are the three regions that depict a low percentage of illiterate people , expresed as below 20% , whereas Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab States and South Asia are above 30% of people who do not know to how read and write .
Developed countries ' figures are the lowest , being almost at 1% , whilst South Asia numbers rose extremely , reaching almost a 60% in the case of female gender and overtaking the 30% in the male gender .
Buenos Aires is a city made for tourists , visitors can do so many activities in a small radio of the city , dance Tango , eat traditional meet or visit a beautiful library are some of them .
Furthermore , there are many places where tourist can buy many things , such as a typical mate or a picture from the obelisco porteño .
Even if you want just go shopping for clothes , there are so many places where you can go , Palermo is known as a little New York for the disigners and well - know marks , and technology is set on Recoleta .
Finally , we polluted our rivers .
First of all , let me tell you , there has been a great change in people 's minds .
Later , we realized the factories could be moved elsewhere .
We started to appreciate the advantages of walking .
Last but not least , we also became proud of our beautiful rivers .
When the new mayor arrived , he decided to move the traffic away from the city centre .
Later , he also ordered us to clean our wet zones too .
Pontevedra is going greener .
We have suffered like every other city during these rough years .
Nevertheless , our passion is still strong .
Although we have made great strides , there are still a lot of things to do .
In many countries , it 's consider that the relatives are the close family and the only people with whom an individual can be just the way he is .
This point of view is based on , for example , the fact that you shares an important bond with your family or that you know everything about some members , like your cousins and they know everything about you .
Siblings are another strong point to support this statement .
It 's usual to hear that this kind of bond is the strongest inside a family , because everybody thinks that siblings are the only ones whom you could rely on , despite the fact that not always it 's true .
I should talk in the third person , because I do n't have any brothers or sisters , but I do have a close cousins .
In my case , this role is played by them .
On the other hand , we can find arguments against this statement .
For example , the debate about the statement that you can not choose your family , but you can choose your friends .
In conclusion , from my point of view , it 's true that it is less probable to find negative feelings inside the family , like envy , refuse or hate .
So , if you tell a secret to your sister or your cousin , it 's almost obvious that they are n't going to spread it .
But , family does not always guarantees these functions , and neither do friends .
Therefore , I only would like to remark that family does not means relatives , but those people with whom you can feel as at home .
That is , in any place , suddenly you can find someone who could become in your most close relative .
It is a lovely place not far from our school , and I think it 's interesting in his natural habitat .
I decided to do this , in according to the biology teacher .
Every the students were interested in the information and they asked for a lot of explanations .
In this day , the students had the oppportunity to hear very interesting things , but not in the same way as if they were in a class during a traditional frontal lesson .
They had improved their knowledge by making experience in the field .
In recent years , whether using the internet is beneficial or not has never failed to attract people 's attention .
While many people believe that the internet brings a vast amount of problems , such as a reduction of interaction between people and some bad information resources ; in contrast , I have a strong position that the internet brings manyfold benefit than drawbacks .
People should first recognize that searching for information these days is much more convenient than in the past .
We must come to a library to pay a lot of time finding information we need on the shelves the earlier time .
Clearly , the assessment has become much more efficiently with computer and the internet .
Yet , perhaps the strongest argument in favor of using the internet , is that the vast amount of information contended in it .
All the information in the world can emerge immediately after a click .
Admittedly , some knowledge is not accurate and logical enough , but it still offers us many other useful sources .
Simultaneously , some sources contended pornography and violent information , which make many people afraid of using the internet to search for information .
Nevertheless , it remains a good way to reserve and supply information which hoped to have more flows in the future .
It is well - known with a great beautiful Buddhist temple in Japan , and it 's also famous among foreigner .
Kiyomizu temple was built in the middle of the Edo era .
It has five stairs and is one of the tallest historical building in Kyoto .
People can see a great Japanese view from there .
Artists think the top of the temple is good for making a beautiful , nervous mood of stories or paints .
Also , the temple became a Japanese proverb , which is " feel like falling from the top of Kiyomizu " .
It means " very scared and nervous " , because the temple is very tall and it makes people such a feeling .
Dear Mr Brown ,
I am sending you useful information about places of interest in Katowice , which you can show to your group .
I would recommend one of the most appealing scope , which is situated in a really attractive part of my city .
Starting with The Blue Palace , you can visit some other old buildings .
Hi !
How are you ?
He invited all of his friends .
Everything was perfect and the weather was hot .
It wo n't have a swimming pool , but it will have a barbecue .
You are invited , of course .
Dear Sir or Madam
I would like to apply for a job at a summer camp .
Currently , I study Computer Science at Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznan .
I am an energetic , creative and reliable person .
I worked at at nursery school in London last summer , what led to the improval of my English skills .
There I learned how to work with young children .
I am also a very creative person , so I will not have any problems with organising activities and competitions for children . I am a reliable person and I can work under pressure of time .
I am willing to learn new skills and develop my current , so I will surely be a suitable candidate for this job .
I am enclosing my CV , where you can find more details about my experience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully
Piotr Sobczak
Dear Director ;
I am conscious of the essential elements you need to be familiarized with when it comes to treat kids , such as , patience , Charisma , kindness , empathy , etc ; and I would be delighted to be part of your team .
I really hope you consider me as a good option for the job .
I 'll be happy to receive your answer .
Sincerely ,
Regina
Hi Shannon !
First of all , you can use a taxi and give the address you have to the driver , this is an expensive ( but easy ) option .
On the other hand , you have the public service called Metrobus , and in this case you will hop off the bus a few times , when you arrived you must find the A - line , go to the patriotismo starion ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to the # 76 of Acrone avenue .
If you love the extreme travels , I recommend the Mexico 's city subway , it 's easy because there is a station in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Génova station ( it 's important to say that in the airport you have access of each one of the options ) .
If I were you , I would choose the subway because the wearher in Mexico is too hot , so , I think you do n't want to feel the sun after your bored trip .
Best wishes .
Omar .
One of the best examples in education has been a scholarship programme called Science Without Borders .
It offers students a unique opportunity to study abroad and aquiring an international standard qualification .
In addition to this , it provides them with access to the newest research developments .
On the other hand , a problem could stem from the lack of incentives to the nationwide educational institutions .
This problem would be the low level of the national education .
Therefore , in order to avoid giving rise to any further complications , the Brazilian authorities should bear in mind the development of both , national and international programmes .
Dear Sir / Madam :
Selene Porras .
Topic : A Horrible Nightmare
A while later , I discovered I was in a huge old museum .
There were a lot of ancient things , such as clocks , cars , weapons .
Then , some skeletons and dead people came out and chased me .
Fortunately , I got an old machine gun .
But I fell into a grave .
I screamed my lungs out .
Dear all ,
I think I am the right person for you .
My name is Misa and I am 25 years old .
I am studying at the Czech Agriculture University for the last year .
For several times I have already been on the similar position on a camp several times and looked after the children aged 8 - 12 .
In the evenings , we played special games which we usually had not played before yet .
Because I want to improve my language skills , I want to go with you on a camp .
My biggest dream is to speak French fluently .
I am a very good hard worker and I do not have any problems with working in kitchens and preparing the meals for the children and my colleagues .
I am looking forward to your reply .
Kind regards .
Plan
2 ) explain which dishes Italians usually eat and at what time of the day .
3 ) conclusion
Hi Alison , of course I 'll help you .
I think it 's very interesting to discover how foreign people usually eat .
Italians to start the day generally they have a strong coffee and some biscuit or a slide of bread .
To finish the lunch in Italy , we eat fruit .
It 's more common to eat pizza .
We have it as a take away or we go in some pizzeria .
Take care
Maurizio
About me
Hello !
My name is Theodor Forsberg and I am 13 years old .
I live in Stocksund with my mom , Anna - Karin , and in Djursholm with my dad , Lukas , and my little brother Jonathan .
In my spare time , I like to play hockey and be with friends .
I play hockey almost every day and I love it . I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half , so I was not as good as everybody else , but that did not stop me .
I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half , so I was not as good as everybody else , but that did not stop me .
I have played a lot of other sports , like Karate , Soccer , Tennis and indoor bandy .
A lot of my close friends that I went in stocksund skolan with and that I played hockey with went to Samskolan , but that is a little bit too far away , so I decided to go to Friberga instead .
I have always been really good at English .
And I think that I am that because I watch a lot of tv - shows on English .
-THEODOR FORSBERG
Or maybe you do n't have a study plan that works ?
First of all , make a to - do list of all your activities and routines .
That 's the easy part .
Do n't forget to recognise the most activities and tasks for you .
For instance , when you stay at university class or something like that , you should remember how much time you have to do it .
It was late at night and Michael went surrounded with deep dark to the edge of the forest .
Michael up two little steps and heard the wail of the wind .
But it was n't the wind .
Someone was singing a sad song .
Is she mad ?
The Nazis can be everywhere , " he thought , and unlocked the door with a little key .
There were two slices of a bread and a little apple inside the packet .
He was starving more then ever since he had hidden a young Jewish woman .
She said nothing and made herself invisible .
He entered and decided that he will stay over the night .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
well since my chillhood I have always love weapons , my father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was n't until I was 15 when I found my real passion , and it was the archery , since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that the archery is my favorite sport .
I just love it when you take your bow and prepare to shoot an arrow , and before shooting it your are part of the bow , and you feel that the bow is a part of your body , after that , when you shoot the arrow , you are able to see the curve that it makes before hitting the target , I would say this is why I love this sport and why I enjoy it so much .
if I would have the opportunity of giving some advice to a person that is starting in this sport , I would tell him to do not give up , because this ai nt an easy sport , and that is more mental than physical .
I think that you made a great choice by visiting Timisoara .
I should present a little bit of the history of it .
The design of the actual Dom was realized in the baroque style of Vienna .
The cathedral hasa height of 55 m. The Dom was rise at the rank of first church of Timisoara by the empress Maria Tereza in 1756.What is very interesting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger showing Saint Gheorghe riding and fighting with the basilisk .
PEOPLE 's LIVES WILL CHANGE DRAMATICALLY IN THE NEXT 50 YEARS .
This essay discusses the advantages and disadvantages that we will find in the next 50 years .
Instead of it , imaginary road network will be built in our air space .
Furthermore , the environment will suffer the terrible effects of our current lifestyle .
Consequently , protected clothes , which will be made with materials and NASA technology , will be worn by the future population .
In fact , the development of different vaccines will mean that it would be possible to get over a great deal of diseases .
To sum up , it is vital that , nowadays , thinking of our future .
It is high time we changed our lifestyle .
My idol was , is , and will always be Justin Bieber .
It started when I was 12 or 13 years old , his music meant everything to me .
In 2014 , I met a couple from One Direction called Larry Stylinson but they ca n't " come out " because of his managers .
I really hope in this " hiatus " , this is how they called their break , they can be happy and spend time together without fake girlfriends , managers or the media around them .
I want them to be happy .
Anyway , talking about Justin again , I 'm so proud of him , 2016 is his year and no one can deny that .
It is believed they are extraordinary , perfectly beautiful and incredible happy like we see in their photos in magazines and on TV .
Everybody longs to be a well - known and admired person leading a rich and carefree life .
There are a lot of disadvantages of being a star , of witch normal people do n't realised . For example , not having a private life .
Everybody makes mistakes , but their mistakes are wtitten about and known by the society , what is unfair and harmful .
It can lead to being touchy and gloomy .
That is why a lot of big name suffer from depression or even try to take their life .
They got so lot compared with unpopular people , that 's why I think it would be unfair , if they have also a private life .
Famous people have to consider how many humans suffer from famine or work very hard to earn their living .
They should remember they are lucky devils not , like they often think - victim .
To sum up , It is hard to simply claim , that famous people deserve to have a private life and being left alone by paparazzi or not .
Everyone , from time to time , need a moment of peace to relaxed and recover their strength .
However , nobody has everything they dreamed of ; it is normal , that always in our lives something would be annoy us .
People who have the facilities to buy or finance something and are looking for convenience , have a great desire to buy a car .
These things makes we think about if the public transport has a future , after all , to do all the things you need in your routine , like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , it is more comfortable by car than by bus .
The government needs to invest in better conditions of the public transport , with more options to the transportation of citizens , in order to make it easier to go from a place to another , and hardest the decision to choose between a car or a bus .
Everything has two sides and the choice of transportation is not an exception .
People have been debated about whether the private car or public transport is the first choice in recent years .
While reasons can be given to justify the latter , I am in favour of the former .
Firstly , travelling by train , metro or bus can lead to the reduction of gasoline consumption .
Meanwhile , with the same amount of energy , a bus carried fifties of people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with the massed transportation .
Secondly , it could not be denied that travelling by car is convenient , however people who agreed with the idea point out that high - quality and modern public transport such as the Shingasen in Japan or TGV in Europe are much more comfortable .
Trains or MRTs
There are some places in developing countries , for example , in remote or highland areas , where people have not seen a car for many years , they have no choice except old buses to travel .
In conclusion , public transportation is still be the first choice of people in the future .
Nowadays , higher education becomes more and more necessary for starting a good career .
Let 's consider the attitudes to education and study in Russia and Australia .
University education is valuable in Australia , just like in Russia .
In general , most of employers prefer applicants which have achieved an academic degree .
This attitude is quite similar in many countries .
It was not an easy task to figure out if there is a future or not .
The most important argument was that travelling by car is much more convenient .
The fact that you can travel anywhere at any time is undeniable .
If you want to buy some vegetables for your dinner , you will have to wait until the next train arrives at your station .
Due to the fact that our lifestyle is getting faster , nobody will have the time .
So , in the near future , there will be no longer a use for public transport .
Michael was one of the greatest drivers of all time .
He started his career when he was sixteen years old through kart competitions .
After only three years , he passed on Benetton formula one team and two years after he won his first driver championship .
After won another title , he signed a contract with the Ferrari team .
At that point , his work become very hard and stressful because , at that time , Ferrari was n't a very good car . In fact , that car was only able to go fast in a straight circuits .
Three years later , after intense work , Michael restarted to put his feet on the podium again .
In 2000 , he won his third driver championship with Ferrari and also won it consecutively for three years .
Then Ferrari with Michael decided for a new collaboration , so the greatest become a test driver and tried to improve the car out of the racers .
In the meantime , his mind always thought at Mercedes because of his youngest dreams .
Like every German , since he was a young driver , he had dreamed of being a driver championship with the national car .
To summarize , he arranged a meeting with the head of Ferrari and the media press because he would like to announce his defenitively
retirement .
This , unfortunately , was only an excuse . He was only pretending to retired as he had already signed a contract to drive Mercedes .
These persons usually give arguments such as that the public transport is never in time , or that it is difficult to get to your destination using it and without having to take 3 different routes , or even that public transport is not as suitable for a made - up short - notice trip as can be a car in property .
In my opinion , these arguments depend on how efficiently designed is the public transport system , having in count number of routes , timetables , cost of the tickets and facilities for users who use it frequently .
It 's quite well known the benefits that a good public transport system gives to the community are quite well known : an important reduction of contaminant gases , a hight decrease of acoustic contamination as well as , as a consequence of having less cars circulating by our streets , an increase of pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy activities such as walking , running or cycling .
All these benefits surely will contribute to a better future for all the habitants , so let 's give a chance to the public transport .
My town is called Bra and it is a small town situated in Piedmont near Langhe .
The city only began to take care of the environment only in the last ten years when the studies created technologies for not produce pollution .
In the roof of the supermarkets there are situated solar panels and it exploit the sun for produce energy .
This means of generating renewable energy are better than the old methods because they do n't pollute .
The cars are n't use more because there are many places where you can rent the bicycle , and naturally , it is free .
During the winter the means of transport is efficient and not very expensive , so the people can do n't use their car .
And if we consider the speech where the woman said that , at the present , this phenomenon is a problem , because this bamboo is the main source of food to the Giant Panda that still lives in the jungle .
Besides , when the bamboos flowering and seeding , they die , so until the new bamboos grow enough to be eaten by the pandas takes a long time , and this fact forces the pandas to move to new places in order to look for food .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My name is Fabio Rendón and I am from Spain .
I am currently carrying out my Final Project as well as preparing for the First Certificate Exam , planned for July and June , respectively .
In this programme , the trainee carries out different tasks supervised by a company tutor and also advised by a university tutor .
Furthermore , as the programme is endorsed by the European Union , the trainee disposes of accident and liabiliy insurance .
Yours faithfully ,
Fabio
Dear Jo , I do n't know if your plan is a good idea .
Now Italy has quite a big problem with the occupation , it 's very difficult to find a job and the most people find a job in supermarkets .
I live in Valpolicella , a famous land for the wine , and I had already worked in a four stars hotel for high school .
The personal were n't so much helpful , but someone luckily gave me some advice , especially the porter , Artan .
He was amiable and liked Metal Music like me , so we always spoke about our favourite groups .
Valpolicella has many location that are worth to see : first of all is Lake Garda , a lake with the famous phallic shape which divides three different regions ( Veneto , Trentino and Lombardy ) .
Colombian became the first diver to win a world cup in the High - Jumps .
Orlando Duque //Red Bull
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , who is the champion of high - jumps of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he is thinking about retirement even though he feels with the force and desire to go to the World cup of 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
" I am thinking about retirement since 2007 . I have been lucky because I was injured , and I got better " , said Duque during the press conference of the World Series that , this year , will end up in Mexico on 17th and 18th October , after the competition of Bilbao ( Spain ) .
Duque , who was born in Cali on September 11th of 1974 , took a break in his career because of an injury in his right leg in 2011 , and after that , he returned in 2013 with the purpose of win the World Cup of Barcelona and the World Cup of FINA .
" I was 40 years three weeks ago , I feel motivated to train , and while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I do n't have no an exact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship of falls from height .
" The event of the Natural Well of Ik Kil ( Yucatán ) of 2011 was the last one that I had before the accident ; now , I am getting over the accident and I feel like I am at the 70 per cent " , explained the Colombian sportsman who noted down February , 2015 as the date to return .
The Colombian high - jumper presented in Mexico the one that will be the last stage of this series which is promoted by an energy drink in the Natural Well Ik Kil , in the Mexican state of Yucatán .
The Natural Well Ik Kil , which is located three kilometers away from the archeological zone of Chichén Itza , will be the final one of the Jumps season , 2014 , and in that season Duque and the Mexican Jonathan Paredes will face each other in order to be between the top five spots of the season .
The Britain Gary Hunt has already secured the prize of this series and from the second to the sixth place will be disputed with the Russian Artem Silchenko , the American Steven LoBue , the Colombian Duque , the Britain Blake Aldridge and the Mexican Paredes .
" The plan is to win this competition because I always compete to win .
I am located in the fourth place , but we are so close to the second as to the fourth ( in points ) so , the idea is jump very well even though the Natural Well is a difficult because it is dark " , explained Duque about his plan for the event in the Ik kil on 17th and 18th October .
In the male test , the high - jumpers are thrown out into the water from a height of 27 meters in height , whereas in the female competition the launch pad is placed at 20 meters away .
My favorite sport is running .
One may ask why , among all those possible activities , this one was chosen .
Of course , I do not count running indoors , but only outdoors , while the breeze is blowing in one 's face during the exercise .
That is what I call a good activity .
On the other hand , if it is rainy , the cold water cools it down and make one feel less tired during one 's time running .
This is my favorite sport for it improves my health in some many ways and boost the resistance and quality of life .
There can be some pain and almost everybody becomes really exhausted at the beginning .
Despite being a common and easy to do activity , running needs some care to prevent injuries and other disturbances as well .
Notwithstanding , a formidable pair of running shoes makes a huge difference if one plans to keep practising the sport for a long period .
Go to a doctor , ask him to analyse the type of step to make up with an ideal footwear .
I must say that , as a runner , I do not regret it at any time .
Everybody can do it , it is practical and simple , and the goals can be set in accord with the person 's needs and restrictions .
Do not hesitate to go out and try it out !
It does not matter how hard the players tried to win , the only thing that matters is the result .
Only the results will be recognized at the end .
Poeple wo n't stare at a paint at a museum thinking how hard the artist tried to do a good job , they will judge it only .
The crowd in the stadium only wants their team to win .
After that , if they played a good game it will be a plus .
Everything after a successful result will be a plus .
So , if someone ever is woundering to whether start practising this sport , they should be aware that lots of people will be expecting them to win .
I would recommend them to always remember that , so if things do n't result as they expected , they wo n't feel disappointed .
It 's all part of the game .
We are people and all of us must have a private life , including celebrities .
I agree that film stars and famous politicians must have their free time because they are working for people everyday .
They must have some free time to have a rest without being seen .
On the other hand , famous politicians and film stars have chosen such a life .
Hey Jo !
How are you ?
You want to come to Spain ? You should !
You could do a tour of all the cities of Spain ' cos every one has something special that you must see .
There I could be your tour guide and show you the best of the city .
Finally , if you want to find a job for three months , Barcelona is a good option to stay in .
Hope that you follow my ideas and you like Spain .
See you soon !
Valeria
Therefore , good leaders should know how to motivate their staff .
Many leaders believe that money is the best , however , from my own perspective , the non - financial rewards are the best approach to motivate employees and I will prove my opinion in this essay .
We did n't know what to do , so we only exchanged glances , then we decided to go out and see what had happened .
Outside , it was getting very cold and the sky was dark , so we could n't see anything but , nevertheless , we continue walking through the trees , when suddenly we saw a very big shadow in front of us .
We were very surprised and scared at the same time .
Ana and I decided to go outside to look for Michael , when we went out , he was in front of the house , doing strange sounds , when he saw us , he smile to us in a malevolent way , then made us to back inside .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My favorite sport is basketball .
One reason why I love this particular sport is because it 's based on cooperation .
For example , if you play basketball and the ball is passed regularly , then your team is more likely to win because passes cause confusion and exhaustion to the opponent team .
My advice to anyone who is starting this sport is to simply have fun .
On the other hand , if he chooses to play professionally , then he must try hard .
Regular exercising is potentionall so that he / she can build up strength and endurance .
One of my favourite restaurants is one located in a delightful town called Ubeda .
The restaurant has a very characteristic decoration indeed , because you seem to be inside a train .
The connection between quality and price is plenty balanced .
In fact , there are always plenty of people every day , so I recommend ordering at least one week before going .
I know from personal experience that it is worth tasting the gourmet sampling menu .
I really think it is suitable for the class , because each one of us could know in advance how much we would pay to eat there and , besides , this could taste the main courses of this restaurant .
Without a shadow of a doubt , I am absolutely sure this could be the best option for our class .
I'VE NEVER BEEN SO THRILLED
I have always preferred to relax during some series or soap opera , but after watching ' Flushed ' , I change my point of view .
If you haven't seen it yet , after reading this short text , you 'll go to the cinema if you only have a chance .
THE BIRTH OF A NEW STAR
It is said that a well - known cast enabled her to be highly granted for her piece , but I have some doubts about it .
The movie requires from us to be strongly concentrated on what is going on and I find it to be one of the mostly conceiving factors for those who still have some objections .
The director gives a choice to broaden our mind and to come up with our own conclusion or maybe an imaginable ending of the gripping story .
RECOMMENDATONS
For me there is no better movie to be presented in our club .
The profile of millions of recent graduate and professional people in Spain is one of a young person , well prepared and without work who are thinking of going abroad as a good chance to get a job .
Furthermore , as is well known , salaries are higher in other European countries than in Spain , so your life conditions may increase the same as your career ladder .
The weather may be a disadvantage , as well .
For example , if you go to work to England , you can see off the bright and sunny Spanish days and say a big welcome to the frightful English weather and depression .
All About me
But my dream is to own a horse because I love riding .
On
Fridays and Saturdays I go riding at the riding center
to my " carer horse " , it 's like your own horse for a day ( or more ) in the week and mine is on Saturdays .
My carer horse is named Wiggins , but he 's called Viggo .
He 's a little bit lazy but he loves to run fast , so he is lazy in a smart way .
I love him and I hope he loves me back .
When I was eight years old , I visited Thailand , it was wonderful and we lived at a hotel so close to the beach , I could nearly touch the sand from the pool .
We rode on Asian elephants and dived in the water .
One of the islands was a cave and you had to swam into it , it was very beautiful .
When we were in Thailand , we saw many different animals , everything from big leguans to rainbow fishes and deadly sea - snakes .
Every year at the sport - vaccination me , my mom and my sister are going to Switzerland to go skiing in the alps , it 's wonderful and really fun .
We have never seen a marmot , but I so want to .
It was very big but was cozy at the same time .
Three words that describe me best is , perhaps , animal lover , happy and a perfectionist ?
It 's hard to say something like that about yourself .
A weakness I would like to eliminate is that I often think or say " I will do that later " and never doing it or say the same thing when it 's time to do that .
That is really annoying for my mom and others .
And of all Italian food I like pizza ( thin with tuna ) or some delicious pasta the most .
My favorite restaurant is " La Piazza " in Djurholm and it is , of course , Italian , I have actually been in Italy twice , in Rome and Florence and in a small town named Lucignano in the countryside .
I think that 's my favorite country too .
When we were there last summer , I saw an endangered and rare bird which is called a Hoopoe .
It was beautiful and had like a mohawk of orange feathers on its head .
I like to read too , my favorite type of books is horse books or just random books its hard to explain , but I mean , books with daily action not sciene - fiction or romantic .
Some of the books I like is named " only way is up " and " steal the show " and is written by Emmy Abrahamson , I think she is a very well author , another author I like is John Boyne who has written " the terrible thing that happened to Barnaby brocket " .
Right now I read a book called " the maze runner " . It is very exciting .
When I grow up I want to be a vet , it 's a dream come true for me , I hope I will go to other countries , like Australia , and job there as a vet for a couple of years . I have never been blood scared or something like that , and I would love to have a job I think is fun lifetime out .
I love to design presentations and edit things at the computer , but also in real life , like my room , clip - art and more .
Parkour is a discipline in which its main proporse is to train your body and mind to be able to pass through a point A to point B , in any kind of environment , the safest and faster way , without causing no harm to your body .
One of the faundations used to develop Parkour was the Natural Method , created by Georges Hébert .
David and a group of friends tried to adapt this techniques to the urban environment , and then the actual Parkour was born .
David adapted it to the urban environment and created new moves .
Parkour is n't just a physical discipline , there is also the philosofical part . Altruism , " be strong to be useful " ( it is actually a frase from the Natural Method ) , develop your body and mind so that , in a dangerous situation , you will be able to save yourself and other people , and so on .
Therefore , it is due to its philosofy and the joy that I fell before , during and after a train , this is why Parkour is my favorite exercise .
Nowadays , our society has become very lazy due to the use of the car or the motorbike .
For a lot of people , travel by your own car is more comfortable than travel by public transport like bus or the metro , because you do not depend on a schedule , that it is very common when you take public transport .
On the other hand , travelling by metro or bus pollute less than going by car .
In my opinion , there are more people who travel by car every day , even for short journeys .
The consequence of this is that , in the near future , the public transport will disappear .
The company ensures the quality of water from production to distribution .
The product will be registered with the Ministry of Helath and SriLanka standerds Association and adhere to their rules and regulatiuon for production , storing and distribution .
The company will set the retail price at the same as other bottled water products in the market .
But we will give a good price to retailers and hotels to sell our products more in market .
The direct supplies to offices , households and hotels also will be given a good price with the delivery service .
We will rent water dispensers with a maintenance services to required customers in future to attract more customers .
During the last century , our way of life has changed completely , even in villages .
For example , cars are the main kind of transport . Because of this , most of the families have more than one in their houses .
For this reason , we have new containers to separate all rubbish : we have to throw away bottles , cans and cartons into the yellow bin ; paper and cardboard go to the blue bin and there is another one for glass .
Food and other things are thrown into the green container .
Turn off the lights when you do n't stay in a room or do not waste water while you are brushing your teeth are some of the advice .
I hope these simple actions can be used for other people because the environment needs that we to work together for a better world .
Let me introduce our city curiosity .
Our town is often connected with Tomáš Baťa .
He made our town well known and he had a shoe factory built here .
The name of the factory is Baťa .
How interesting !
Anyway , he built a skyscraper , which is called 21 .
And what is inside that building ?
There are some offices .
But that 's not the most interesting thing !
Tomáš Baťa had his own office , but do you know what is a little bit strange ?
His office is built as a lift !
But that 's great !
But that 's not all ...
You can see a beautiful panorama of our town .
It 's an unforgettable experience .
When visiting Copenhagen during summer time , there is a huge variety of shops and restaurants that will give you a sense of the Copenhagen lifestyle .
Afterwards , take the bridge over the lakes and enjoy a full day of shopping .
If you get tired of wondering the streets , then you can always enter the big shopping store , Magasin , for more indoor shopping .
When you are tired of shopping , take the bus to the West Side of Copenhagen where there is a vast choice of restaurants , everything from Italian to Chinese to Danish cuisine .
Do we need fashion ?
Fashion , is a popular topic .
We all wear clothes , do n't we ?
What happens when we all just have to wear the same clothes ?
Do we really need fashion ?
In the following paragraphs I 'll tell you what they told me .
This question made the other group doubt a bit , and they did agree that a company does n't just start making something to have something to do .
This made them all agree that fashion is there for a reason , and not only for money .
There is an immense group of girls who really want to be a model , caused by the fact that they do n't fit in this clothing yet , they have to lose weight .
Much girls are losing too much weight right then because they want to be ' perfect ' , and got anorexia and those things .
Here they all directly responded with a ' yes ' too .
In their opinion , young people , also themselves , were very busy with fashion and clothes .
An example on which they all agreed was:'In case you just met your new class , and you had to choose next to who you had to sit , the most people were going to sit next to the girl or boy with the trendy clothes ' .
Some said that it even happened that people just bought a particular kind of clothing , just because they thought they would have more friends then .
The next question was:'Does it make society materialistic and competitive ? '
They all said it kind of did affect . them however , they also bought clothes they liked .
They all said yes , but with a little doubt .
So , we do kind of need fashion .
And do you have to like your clothes or someone else 's ?
Maybe we should keep in mind that we should wear clothes in which we feel okay .
The postman took the letter from his bag , and then , gave me the letter .
I was so surprised !
Suddenly , I felt so nervous and I did not know why .
That letter has changed my whole life .
The general public are using the public transportation more than before .
students who are not allowed to drive are still using the public transportation and they will always do .
Furthermore , the Government are enhancing the public transportation by services . They are providing them with lower cost . the fair for raid in public transportation are more less than the cost of driving the car at the same distance .
Hi Paul ,
how are you ? I hope that everything is all right .
I am writing as I promised .
The concert was great !
The best I 've ever been to .
Although I was watching it from backstage , the atmosphere was the same as if I 'd have been watching it in front of the stage together with other fans .
It was the hardest thing !
I had to satisfy all of the whims of the stars .
It was an unforgettable experience . I will never forget it .
The opportunity to meet your idols in real life was the most exciting .
I will tell you everything when we meet !
Hugs and kisses ,
Ania
CLAIM
Attachment we return to you back text of the doctoral thesis of , directed by Dr. , requesting you to fill out the detailed report of evaluation , also enclosed .
We explicitly point out that this report is compulsory to proceed with the necessary arrangements for the deposit of the thesis .
If you have any incident on receipt of it , we kindly ask you to inform us , to put it in order as soon as possible .
Yours Sincerely
The vacation is what we have waited for for three long months of hard studies , homework , tests and more .
I did not do everything I wanted because I was forced by my parents to go to Boquete .
The day we finished our last exam , I was not sure what to do . First a friend was not talking to me , because someone told her a lie , so we went to yogen fruz to talk , then I went to the gym and walked to Gabo 's house and then Dani 's .
From there we went to the mall , and for last , to Juanca 's house .
Friday , I spent the day with my mom and later I went to a friend 's house with Juanca , Oliver , and others .
Saturday , I helped a friend with his party and made 64 dollars .
Sunday , I went to the mall with the same people .
The group is named Hogwarts .
Boquete , where I did nothing , and Saturday I came back .
That night , I went to Oz with my friends till 2 in the morning .
On the last day , I went to Nashla 's pool and ordered 50 chicken wings .
I did not do much .
The summary of my vacations is that the time I spent with friends I had a good time , but when I was with my family y got bored .
I do n't know if you remember the Nastaran thing .
Of course , after that I never thought that I ever had the chance .
But once , one of her friends told me that before the kiss , everything was going to be ok .
And I believed her .
And since then , it 's the most pain .
But it was n't .
Tonight she got the admission from Harvard .
I miss sharing things with you .
Belarus is not a popular tourist destination nowadays , but a lot of people would be surprised to find the real medieval atmosphere in Grodno , a western city of the country .
Founded in the 12th century , it came through all the important events of Eastern Europe history , from the Tatar invasions till the World War II , which was a real disaster .
Two ancient castles remind us of the times of kings and nobility , quiet pedestrian streets show us the life as if it could be in the 1800s .
Grodno is situated on the crossroads of great trading ways that 's why one could hear Polish , Jewish , German , and Lithuanian there .
It 's worth visiting because the traditions of the ancient Belarusian , Tatar , Russian , Jewish being shown alive make us feel history itself .
A city of different religions , different nationalities and " talking stones " is waiting for you .
REPORT ON SHOPPING FACILITIES IN MY TOWN
The reason Lagos remains a mega city is because of its abundant tourist centers .
The beautiful seaside and natural games reserve , or Zoo makes it very attractive to tourist visitors .
ATTRIBUTES OF SHOPPING FACILITIES
There are lots of shopping centers in my town with their own unique characteristics .
These include facilities like ample vehicle parking lots with very low charges or almost free of charge , elevator systems to access any area of the shopping malls in the case of carrying very heavy loads of purchases , and relaxation spots like Cinemas and gaming centers for kids .
SHOPPING RECOMMENDATIONS
Besides , this shop is not too far from the known natural games reserve in the Lekki area of Lagos .
Another shopping center is the magnificent Lagos Island market .
I will rather advice tourist to pay this market a visit to enable them to have choices of priceless products .
CONCLUSION
I hope from the explanations , I have been able to convince you with respect to my opinion about the shopping centers in my town and their possible facilities , that abounds as you take your time in considering visiting them .
In developed countries , four wheels gain high appreciation in everyday transportation .
In the capital cities of Europe one can easily notice how many people prefer their own means instead of the pushing crowd of public transportation .
It is , however , well known after a plethora of scientific publications that cars harm the environment dramatically .
On the other hand , modern citizens like to be part of the green revolution and our carbon footprint has an effect in everyday decision making .
As a result , before private transportation reaches its pick for the 21st century , it is more probably green mobility overlaps it and dominates in people 's choice .
There is a great future for public transport , the same as for bicycling and on foot travelling instead of cars and other polluting machines .
Dear Harry ,
I have just received your letter .
Do n't be afraid about not to recognise me because I haven't changed a lot in two years , but , for your confidence , I will be with a bright orange suitcase .
I 'm waiting for meeting with your family and , in this case that we will be staying with Eileen , I want to bring her something .
Write to me as soon as possible .
Yours ,
Ann .
The best places to young people to visit in New York ?
The great view it provides is incredible .
The Bouchon ' .
Many types of candy and cakes can be found there .
If you need more information , please tell me .
I think that travelling by car is also more inner and comfortable because you only travel with people you know .
Talking about money , probably car is more convenient , even if you have to pay for fuel , highway and everything that is necessary to the maintenance of the car .
As a result , if you use public transport , you have to pay an expensive subscription and buy different tickets .
There is no future for public transport because buses and trains are broken and dirty and people prefer to avoid them .
So , people prefer travelling with their own means of transport instead of paying to travel in a terrible way .
We can also say that with cars you have to find a parking space , so you can waste time and sometimes pay for that .
I agree with the statement , that fmous people deserve to have a private life without life jouralists following them all the time .
Usually , journalists also following them all the time .
It 's very important to remember if you 're famous , you should protect your family .
Sometimes it happens , that journalists write some silly gosspis about famous people , which are not true .
It may be a danger for the family of a celebrity , politician , famous person , and because of them some could broke up .
But on the other hand , being famous is a free choice for many people .
But sometimes it does n't depend on us .
If you 're a queen , a member of a royal family , from your birth you 'll be observing by the press and magazines .
It 's a price of being famous .
Altought it does n't mean , that the press should write about privacy .
I mean some people watch television to entertain themselves but others maybe watch it to learn a new language with different programs that television offers or just put subtitles to make it simple .
A lot of important news can be shown to people around the world by TV .
It 's important to know what it 's happening in the world , because it can enrich your knowledge culturally , politically , etc .
Besides , you need to know if a conflict is developing at the moment or if many severe situations are being occurred in your country .
The television is one of the most important media .
So , for that reason , I think television can entertain and also educate .
Watching TV can be funny and nice , but watching it in excess can be bad and not healthy for your life .
I have always believe I can become an engineer and computer technician to invent more things since I was small .
After I receive more and more information about some successful engineer and inventor such as Steve Jobs , I realize that , no matter who you are and how smart you are , you can not live without a healthy body .
Consequently , I believe physical development is the necessity in secondary school life and I was so grateful to for providing me with opportunities of extra - curricular activities .
I like the feeling of getting sweat and have a great passion in swimming .
Therefore , to maintain my body healthy and my interest , I keep on joining the School Aquathon since I was in the secondary one . I participated the same events each year .
It allows me to know my body 's state and whether I have relapsed .
Besides , it gave me a motion to train harder and never have a thinking of giving up , and that I need to keep up my swimming training every year and reminds me of the importance of a healthy body .
I learnt how to setting a proper goal as it is a significant factor to success .
I realized that you will make a concession if you do not improve after take part in the School Aquathon and saw others got improved but not just me .
School work and examinations gave me huge pressure , so I found a way to strike a balance that I learnt playing windsurfing .
On that day , I found something wrong with my position on the result board . I was shocked and decided to protest for the wrongdoings of the race committee .
After several meetings , I got my position back and I have learnt that we should believe in ourselves .
Also , I got trained my body and become more healthy .
To know more information about having a green lifestyle , I participated in the Green & Organic Health Run 2013 .
Also , I learnt communication skills with friends .
Also , I have learnt the communication skills with others and be considerate .
Under the colorful school life , I undergo different type of experience and I have finally set my career goal to become an engineer or a computer technician .
Therefore , I reckon my experience can trained me to be admitted as a suitable candidate of engineering and I will work hard to achieve my goal .
I think that journalists should remember about the private life of famous people , which is deserved to stay in secret for other people .
And for some people , it does n't really matter if it was found out that someone was in a bar , for example , as long as their films are really worth watching .
But as for film stars , is it really necessary to know how exactly they live ?
I am writing to join an English course in your school to improve my English and help me to find my job .
I have been learning English for 10 years .
In school , my first language was English .
I have two kids . They go to school , I would like to join an English course in the morning from 10 am to 2 pm of anyweekdays . I want to start the course as soon as possible .
I look forward to hearning from you very soon , if you have any question , you can mail or contact me .
Thank you ,
Yours Sincerely ,
irf
It is a fact that the public transport is getting worse year by year , specially here in Peru , however we have to think about the benefits that public transport has , for instance , it can be a cost - effective way to get to work , so there will be no space for public transport in the future ?
Hundreds of people take buses at any time , and one of the main reason for this is that they have not got their own car .
It 's known that over the years the system have improved and new means of transport have been offered , such as trains and trolleys , all of them with just one objective : to transport a mass of people at a quick time .
On the other hand , the number people who can afford a car and the cost that it involves have gone up over the last few years , and one of the main reasons they have it is because of the comfort , also they claim that they can get to their work faster than by public transport .
Michael sat in the bus and take out his dairy to calculate how much he would have to invest in the tennis court .
The strange girl who was sitting next to him was listening to music and looking outside , trying to ignore the details that Michael was sharing with his parents .
It was a 13 hour journey and the girl wanted to talk with Michael and so she offered him chips , but he denied .
After some time , the bus stopped for 5 min and Michael bought two chocolates , chips and a soft drink and offered her a chocolate .
The girl accepted the chocolate with a smile and asked him where he was going ?
This is how they start their conversation and , while exchanging conversation , they felt as if they know each other for a long time ... they got attracted towards each other and in the midst of that they kissed each other and even exchanged phone numbers .
Their bus was about to reach their destination next morning , so Michael offered her to drop at home and the girl agreed with a smile .
At that time , they felt not like parting but they have to and Michael dropped her home and returned back to his own home .
After returning home , Michael flash backed to what he did in the bus .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I am writing with regard to an advertisement that appeared in the local newspaper recently .
First of all , my name is Lorena and I have twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I can improve my English level and earn money ; my English level is so good due to all this year I have been in an English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate ; and just like that I will be able to communicate with children .
Secondly , last year I stayed in a beach summer camp and there were children aged 6 - 13 , besides my partner and I prepared water activities when the weather was good , against ; , when the weather was bad we prepared puzzles games , adventure games , etc .
The advertisement talks about work in the kitchens ; our summer camp was little because it was in a small town , so we had to cook children food and I could do it without problems .
I look forward to hearing your response .
Lorena .
It was on Saturday morning at around 10.30 .
It was the Seventh day Adventist church , which the ritual was to worship on Saturday .
He was there not because he was a Christian , but his presence was because of a girl he had a crush on .
Honestly , as an eight years old boy who knows Christianity close to nothing , his knowledge of Christianity was lower than that of a 3 year - old child .
The boy had to push himself and break the ice as the time went by .
Uhhh , I am starting to get lazy .
Some years ago , people believed that private cars would be the main vehicle to move around , but nowadays , due to the economic crisis , most of the people have changed their minds ; they believe that public transport would be the main way to move around in the future for many reasons .
Secondly , people who use public transport are safer than others who use private cars ; if they drink more than usual and drive their cars ; there are a lot of car accidents due to drivers are drunk .
Finally , the traffic jam is much less if people use public transport than using private cars ; the developed countries have built a public transport system so as to avoid traffic jam , why people not using it ?
In conclusion , public transport will not be affected by using private cars .
I strongly believe that , in the near future , public transport will be the main vehicle to travel around the world , safe and cheap .
He saw his brother watching TV as usual .
As he could n't sleep anymore , he dressed up and brought his brother to the park .
When Michael and his little brother , Jackson , arrived at the park , they noticed that there was n't anybody around .
While they were walking back home , they heard a journalist commenting on what incident have happened to the park .
Jackson stopped walking and get distracted by a beautiful dog , Michael continued on his way , unaware that Jackson was n't following him .
Almost arriving at home and mulling over the thoughts , he take his own conclusions as to what could might have happened .
And he wanted to share them with jack , but ...
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Well , I think what this guy is trying to say is that it does n't matter if you have thousands of friends on Facebook if you do n't even know half of them .
What I disagree about in this video is because he is generalizing too much .
However , they must be controlled , and especially by their parents .
The thing nowadays is , if you disconnect from all of the things we have , people make fun of you and say that you are old or just do n't know how to deal with the modern world .
Well , it is possible actually , just like we did in the 1990s .
I 've experienced this , so that 's why I am saying it .
I am afraid more people will pass through for the same thing .
Some people like shopping .
Some people love shopping , and some people can not live without shopping .
I like shopping .
I care about fashion a little bit , so sometimes I go on a shopping spree and I spend a lot of money in some clothes shop .
But somebody has to go with me , because it would be boring with nobody .
Shopping with someone would be great .
After that , we can go at a cafe and take some good coffee .
A lot of brands are generally good .
For example H&M. It is a brilliant shop .
Sportswear , elegant clothes and , of course , accessories .
In the summer time , Milan offers a variety of facilities and services , especially for young people .
Visiting the centre of the city is really fascinating : Piazza del Duomo is one of the most suggestive squares in Italy with the particularity of the white marble facade of the Dome and his multitude of pinnacles .
The Sforzesco Castle is another suggestive historic monument and the green Sempione park is one of the best place where people can practise sport or can attend a yoga class in the middle of the wildlife .
Finally , people can experiment the Milanese nightlife in the area of the Navigli , which are really crowded from 19 till late .
Thriller name : Killer shadow
The review :
Jack Pollard , a street fighter known as Crazy dog lives in downtown LA .
He has enemies who want to kill him .
One night when he is walking aimlessly in a privacy alley , he sees a shadow which gradually comes to him .
At first , he does n't care but suddenly he sees it in front of him , an owner - less shadow .
He turns his head around to find the source of the shadow but ca n't find anything , so he feels fear but controls himself and yells : who are you ?
Hey , if it 's a kidding , stop it , it 's not funny .
Suddenly , the shadow covers him and crazy dog falls on the ground and dies .
The police announced checkout is the murder motivation .
A detective named James Reilly wants to find out the reason for the murder and to arrest the murderer .
He realizes crazy dog killed an innocent man named Joe Mendez last year , but his body was not found .
In Mendez 's house in the suburb , Reilly found some old photos showing the sequel of criminals .
Suddenly , he hears a weak voice whispering ; do not try to stop the shadow , let it kill the criminals or you 'll die .
He checks everywhere but ca n't find anyone .
He sees a shadow out of the house and follows it until it stands at the end of a graveyard .
He goes there and sees a pile of garbage , quickly brushes aside it and observes a hole in the ground .
He goes inside it and discovers a half - decayed body that was compatible with Mendez 's identities .
He understands that the shadow was the ghost of Mendez who wanted to take revenge on Mendez 's murderer .
I think since this idea is creative , people will like to watch it .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She loves him and any World War was able to separe them , because she was pregnant and this baby was coming , it was a boy and his name was going to be Taylor , just like Jasons ' father .
Alison took a pen and a piece of paper and wrote an answer for Jason , as fast as she could , because the postman was leaving in one hour .
She was so excited and happy , she did n't kwen what could she write for her lover , she noticed that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you , i 'm pregnant , it 's a boy , if you let me choose , his name will be Taylor as was your fathers ' name , I have always loved you and I always will , do your best , come back as soon as you can , because I need you , love Alison ' .
She could n't stop smiling because she had just noticed that she would n't be alone anymore .
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in Pamplona , and to outline some recommending shops that might appeal to tourists with different interests .
Shopping Facilities
Within the town centre itself there is a wide selection of stores offering local crafts , fashion clothing , food or wine .
There is also an extensive local bus network in order to provide services to all the suburbs around the city .
Special shops
Both shops are located in " Castillo Square " and their staff speak English .
Recommendations for tourists
But they are surprised .
In my opinion , celebrities should remember that if they want to be famous they , probably , will be chased by paparazzi .
Moreover , from time to time , they prefer to leave the house without make - up and beautiful clothes .
And celebrities well know that they have to be controversial , cause that is the best way to achieve their lovely famous .
So , big names try to go somewhere without guards , without make ups to show themselves , to cause some juicy gossip about them , to gain famous in the easiest way .
Dear Sir ,
I 'd like to apply for the position in your summer camp .
Although I 'm an Italian native speaking , I 've been studying English for seven years ; furthermore , last summer I spent two months in Philadelphia , so I can communicate quite well in your language .
I link to a page of my school magazine where you can find my CV .
In addition to that , I love children and I usually look after four children , aged from seven to eleven , every Saturday .
I have saved some money to pay for the air fare .
I live in Italy , so I ca n't easily meet you for the interview , but I hope we could manage for an interview on skype in the next few days .
Could you please answer me with an email ?
Thank you for considering my application .
Yours faithfully ,
Serena Palerma
What is fame ?
How do the famous people feel and what do they miss ?
Do they deserve their private lives ?
Of course they do .
I absolutely agree with the statement .
Everyone deserves his own privacy , his own peace , time just for him and famous people do too .
I understand , they are rich , their lives might seem interesting , even more interesting than ours , but they are not so different , they are not better than us , ordinary people .
But it 's not .
They may hurt these people , they may ruined their life just by using a bad word .
And also , it must be really uncomfortable for friends or family who go with you .
It is a big source of pressure .
Of course , some of famous people might like this feeling that they are so likely and favourite and they , who do n't like it they have a posibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalist following them do n't exist .
If I am honest , I have to say , I would not be famous if it meant I would lose my life .
I like my student life without followers .
My town is a very good town for taking care of the environment .
My town , City X , is a very green city .
Only cool and good cars are allowed .
People will be fined if they throw garbage on the streets .
This town is a very strict town .
Our town is full of green plants everywhere : in the school playground , between the roads and many other places .
Smoking is not allowed .
Farting in the open air is not permitted .
Plastic substances should be reused .
Plastic bags should be bought in shops .
Most people use leather or fabric bags for their everyday life .
Dogs are also not allowed because they fart and are not clean .
People with dogs will be sentenced and will suffer heavy consequences .
People who smoke will be jailed for 20 years .
City X helps reforestation in many countries and places such as Brazil , Java , Sumatra , Peru , Guyana , French Guyana , Surinam , Bolivia , Uruguay , Paraguay , Colombia , Venezuela , Equador , Chile , Indonesia , Bali , Malaysia , Singapore , India , and many more .
New technologies are changing the way of thinking about private cars in a new , much more save and more ecological way .
Moreover , in large crowded cities , using the underground or bus are usually a good way to avoid traffic jams , saving time and stress of sad drivers during their commutations .
Usually , cars need one hundred percent of our attention during driving . Resulting as a huge disadvantage of cars compared to public transport because we are not able to enjoy driving time by doing something else at the same time as we are driving .
However , that is really close to change by Google 's Self - Drive Car , which is a new technology able to drive our car to any destination without humane intervention .
Furthermore , the car could be empty and go anywhere we command .
For instance , imagine going to work and order the car going to park at home after take your children at school .
My name is Tove .
I like to play soccer , dance and sing . I like to dance because I can do a little bit of whatever I want when I dance and only a few people is judging me .
I like singing because it can bring happiness .
My favorite food is sushi , and my favorite drink is a pink drink with Pineapple in it . I like sushi because it is fresh and sweet and , at the same time , it is sour .
The drink is so good because it has a lot of sweet flavors and it has pineapple in it .
I want a kitten but my mom is allergic , so we ca n't have one .
Her favorite food is crab and her favorite drink is a good white wine .
My dad 's name is Björn and he likes Tang So Do and to swim , he is 52 years old .
His favorite food is grilled steak .
Dear Paul ,
we did n't seen each other for a while , so you do n't know much about me lately .
Last month I was training at a concert by decorated the scene and it seriously came out better then I expected it to .
Seems simple , but looks beautiful , sometimes the simplicity is the most perfect accessorise .
Nowadays , people care more about themeselves and making good things for some of them is wrong !
I 'm sad when I see a nursing house but , you know , there , people will never talk whether they do bad or good and , in the end of the day , they will not care only about themselves and their insecurity .
Being there is like having your own family .
I hope , in the next project you 'll be there helping us !
Dear Jo ,
Firstly , you have to decide if you want to visit the North or the South part of Itlay , because if you do a full immertion tour of the intire Peninsula you will visit neither a half of all you have to visit .
If you decide to visit the North part , I think it is good if you start from Trento and his new museum about nature called Muse .
It is very beautiful because it is structured like a mountain ( and so you can start from the last floor and then you go down , visiting other floors ) .
Then you must visit my city , Milan .
Then you must visit Venice , the city on the water where every part of the city is a little treasure .
If you like the Egyptian story , you can go to Tourin , where you can find a huge and beautiful museum about Ancient Egypt .
If you want to visit the South part of Italy , you must start your trip from Florence , the bithplace of the culture , then you must go down to Rome , the capital city of my country .
After that you have seen the Coliseum , the Basilic of S.Peter and the Trevi fountain , and so on , you must visit Naples .
In that wonderful city , you must visit the statue of Jesus Christ called " il Cristo velato " made by marble , and then you must visit the centre of the city , full of fantastic features that make this city really particular , like Spaccanapoli , Hidden Napoli , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Severio Church and so on .
If you are a little bit tired of all this trip , you can go to Sicily , where a beautiful and special landscape can welcome you .
In that way , you colud improve your way to make a relationship with people and also it could be a great help for your theatrical experience .
Honestly , I think that it could be hard ( just because you haven't so much time ) but I know that sooner or later there will be a photo event ... It 's not much but you can start from it to let other people know about your talent .
Lots of kisses
Marty
Personally , I disagree with the view that the money is the most important consideration for deciding a job , because there are several factors equally important .
I believe that other considerations are as important as money .
Firstly , the core values and the reputation of the company are necessarily concerned .
Working in a company which is built up with good core values and has an excellent reputation could easily obtain the fulfillment and keep passion in your job for a long time .
Secondly , the co - worker relationship and the atmosphere in the workplace are extremely important when choosing a job .
Furthermore , we may need much more money to have some activities , such as worldwide travel or outdoor camping for days .
In addition , in the life - long consideration , health - care would be increasingly important with people getting older , hence having enough amount of money as a stable income could not be disregard .
In conclusion , while salary still plays a role and certainly affects people 's choice of profession , I believe that money does not outweigh all the other factors .
There are various reasons why I am absolutely fascinated by this martial art .
Behind every single movement you will find gracefulness and power .
Especially in our hectic world , it is very important to find to yourself and just listen to your body .
As a martial artist , you start to get a great fitness and your balance will improve a lot , as well as your flexibility .
Many characteristics will increase immensely , such as confidence , self - defense or responsibility .
Karate can be started by anyone and at any age .
However , to see any improvements you should attend regularly and at least twice a week .
Only then does it starts to make great fun and you certainly will not regret that you have taken it up . Enjoy ! !
I 'm 31 years old , and I have had the priviledge of working as a teacher all my live , so I am an experienced person capable of taking care of children .
Due to my experience as a teacher , I am sure that I could have any difficulty in organising sports and inventing a wide range of activities in order to entertain children .
In addition to this , I bear in mind to improve my English through my work and , of this way , be able to teach the children some basic skill about this universal language .
Yours faithfully
Hi Anne ,
I 'm so happy to hear from you and pleased that you 're coming .
I look forward to seeing you when you arrive here .
Personally , I think the best month to come to Italy is April as the weather is temperate .
In my opinion , if you want to meet people of our age , I suggest going to the most famous local or places of the city .
How about going out with me and my friends ?
We can see each other in the centre and then we can visit the city all together .
April is a very nice month .
Although the weather can change more easily , so you should bring different kinds of clothes , both heavy and light .
Thanks a lot for your invitation and if I was n't so busy , I would travel around with you .
Anyway , I 'll wait for a message to tell me when you are arriving .
Best wishes ,
Aurora
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing with reference to my stay in your hotel last week .
I wish I could express my dissatisfaction with the facilities .
I am afraid to say the room was dirty and untidy .
In addition , the elvetor was out of order .
There were six of us from a school , and we all agree the stay was unpleasant .
It seems a tax was the excuse , but in my opinion , this is a deceit .
I regret to inform you that if you do not offer my apologies and a compensation for all the disturbance caused to me , I would go to the main authority .
I look forward to receiving a prompt reply .
Yours faithfully ,
Angel
All about me
Hello ! My name is Emma and I 'm 13 years old .
Now I am going tell you some facts about myself and my life .
I was born here in Sweden , actually right here at Danderyds hospital , but I lived in the city back then .
When I was about three years old , we moved here , to Danderyd .
I lived in a yellow house , not far away from where I live now ( probably just five minutes ) until a year ago , when we moved to a much bigger house .
I live here with my wonderful family based on my mum , Aylin , my dad , Tom , my two really annoying brothers , Hans and Oliwer , and my two cats , Tiger and Smilla .
Hans is 10 years old and Oliwer is 7 years old .
In the middle of the summer we always go to Gotland and stay at a farm , in a little house .
I go by cycle to " Fribergaskolan " every day , together with my friends Tekla , Julia and Bianca .
I really think it is a great school with very kind teachers and students .
I like to dance a lot .
On Monday and Thursday , I dance at a dance - school here , close to " Mörby Centrum " , called C - style .
I dance a mixture of street dance and show dance .
Right now , I 'm actually in a riding course every Sunday .
I really like Spain , we have been there , like , six times and the reason is that my dad has a project there and sometimes he has to go there for a week or less and we have the luck to be able to join him .
I really like to eat sushi and other Asian food , like noodles .
My favorite restaurant is a restaurant in Stockholm at Östermalm called : " New Peeking " . It 's an Asian buffé and they make the best food .
My favorite book is right now : " The fault in our stars " , because its a really good subject and it is sad but a great story .
My favorite movie is maybe " TED " or " Grown ups " because they are really fun movies with some sad moments .
On the holidays and after school , I 'm often with my friends and family .
I have got one own camera , it 's a Canon .
The biggest accident in my life was probably when I was three years old .
It was midsummer and my mum was outside on the terrace .
I wanted to go out to her , so I open the door on the wrong side by putting my long finger and ring finger in the little crevice .
Suddenly , a powerful wind make the door blow up and squeeze my finger really hard .
My fingers were almost cut , off so my dad wrapped my fingers in a bandage and we drove to the doctor as fast as we could .
They had to sew my finger , but in the end , everything went fine .
And today I have got normal fingers .
I like animals very much and I want to become a vet when I get older . I have got a lot of animals in my life .
Three words who describe me best : committed , animal lover , loyal friend .
Emma Öberg 7A3
I live in Camden .
In camden , every block counts with three or four containers to recycle paper , plastic , glass and old clothes .
Also , every flat or house has a recycling bag to recycle paper and a plastic container to recycle organic waste .
The council recollects , once a week , door to door , paper and organic waste .
There has been an extensive campaign to limit the amount of water used to water plants and to wash cars .
For these reasons , I consider that could be a good option doing any sport that you like or you may be interested in .
In my case , I really like doing spinning , I use to do it only twice per week but now I do that every time I can .
I think that , in particular , spinning is a hard sport activity because when you was approximately 1 hour over your bike you 'll probably feel taired .
During the process , people works a lot their legs , mixing different positions and speeds , And the most important thing , the musis is always running .
If you want to lose weight , this type of sport is perfect because it belong into the aerobic exercises to burn the calories that we get eating fast food , whereas it is suitable to people that only just doing exercise to entertainment .
Furthermore , from the first time that I was in the gym , I have known nice and friendly sportsman who try to give me advice not only on how to improve my techniques but on how to avoid injury too .
Although it is kind of hard for young people who have finished school finally , to understand that it 's definitely not finish yet , education do n't stops from then on and it is one of the most important things to continue going to school .
They finish school at the age of 23 - 24 , including a further study without a chance of work or anything else .
To this , I think , it is a way which goes in the wrong direction .
Therefore , education should be reachable for everyone , in my opinion , for as long as possible , but only if the goal and possibilities are clear .
Now , shopping became one of the best way to spend time with family or friends , but not everyone like it .
For the most of men , shopping is so boring and exhausting , but for the women it can be the best way to make better their mood , because they are so happy when they buy many clothes on a sale , cheaper than in the regular price .
I think that the shopping is not enjoyable for everyone when there in the shops are a crowd and very long queue .
Then you spend more time in the shop and you will be more tired .
Personally , I really like shopping , because I am interested in fashion and I like look good .
So , for me shopping is very enjoyable and I always forget about my problems when I try on new clothes , which suit to me .
But I do not like wasting my time too , so I usually do shopping in Mondays , because after the weekend the shops are always empty .
Nowadays , the technology and the society have changed in different ways and most people have more free time than years before .
First of all , it could be said that the society is spending more time doing relaxing things , such as going to the beach or meet friends , and some experts say that we have to spend more time working or studying because people is becoming lazier .
In other words , it could be said that if we have more free time , our lifes would become better , because we can enjoy ourselves with friends and do thigs with our family .
Frome my point of view , having free time is perfect , because we can do more things that we are fond of and our quality of life would icrease
Hi James ,
I hope you 're fine !
After all those letters we have sent each other , now we can meet for real .
I 'm looking forward to being there to spend some time with you .
I 've never been to London and , what 's more , I 'm scared of big cities , therefore I 'll literally stick to you wherever we 'll go !
I 've been searching for a lot of stuff we could visit once I got there , for example , Piccadilly Circus .
I think it would be fascinating to go sightseeing around there and I could find some souvenir for my family .
It would be amazing !
If you manage to organize it beforehand , I 'll have the time to prepare all the soccer stuff ( boots etc . ) .
Write back soon ,
Mario
My name is Sylwia .
I was born in Polonne , a small town in Ukraine .
My school is located there .
When I was 17 , I moved to Kyiv .
A few years ago , I worked as a literal editor .
I hate my job .
I 'll tell you .
First of all , I get less than 100 dollars for my work .
My colleagues are brain - damaged .
I want to grow .
Next year I 'll be a PHD student .
I was going to be a scientist , but I 'm not sure anymore .
I want to have kids and a family .
I 'm trying to choose the best time for all these things .
Can I cope with all that by myself ?
I 'm not sure .
I feel awful .
Sometimes it 's hard to believe that everything will be OK .
Teach us how to love .
Friendship is one of the most valuable sentiments for people , especially for people who are in their school days .
Making new friends and sharing interests with others are always an exciting parts of social life .
First of all , for the energetic students , doing sports is their favorite activity .
Therefore , joining a sports team from where they can share same interests and relax is the easiest way to get to know each other .
Training in the same sports team , the students can not only release them from the whole day 's pressure , but also can build up good relationships with others through the communication and exercise .
For example , the champions of the Olympic Games , China 's famous synchronized diving athletes , GuoJingjing and Wu Minxia , the two girls enjoy a really good friendship .
Additionally , cooperation and coherency are always the main essence of a sports team .
Here , students learn how to work together , how to fight for the same goal through tacit teamwork , how to contribute to the whole team instead of just thinking of self , and even how to negotiate or discuss with others , as well as how to be patient and rational .
Although there may be some argument or disagreement among students , I always think that everything is going to be okay because the sports team will be coherent .
Sorry that I haven't been in touch for a while , but I 've been really busy lately .
How are you ? have you got something new to tell me ?
I was in the queue when I saw her wearing a stylish tight black dress .
She is perfect , with her long curly dark hair , and her pale skin .
Her slanted eyes and her shiny lips are gorgeous .
See you soon .
Take care ,
José Luís .
" The Good Samaritan "
His name 's Roberto Cairo .
He was decorated by the Italian President last June .
In my opinion , he 's a hero of our times .
His charity 's saved many lives .
Every day he works hard to give support to the people injured by the mines .
In my opinion , we need to thank people like him .
We never forget what he 's done , we must n't forget what he 's done .
Dear Mr. Leader ,
We have so many interesting places to visit , but if I must limit myself to only one , I chose the centre of the city .
It is renovating , but you can see many beautiful buildings .
First of all , I have to show you our theatre and , if you want to , we can go on an art .
In this theatre perform fantastic actors and I would like you to see their best play , which is " Jackyl and Hide " .
Besides btilliant actors , they have incredible decor and it 's perfectly situated , that is very near to the bus stop .
It is a really interesting place and I think you 'll appreciate this .
In case of any questions , please , write me an e - mail and I will answer them with pleasure .
Dominika .
I agree with this statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Some people like to do shopping every day .
Some do not like , it but it is a personal business .
If they have a bad day or if they have a good day .
These tend to be people who are dependent on purchases .
Wednesday , September 30 3015
Dear Mrs. Tejada
I heard about it in my English class of my university .
I am in the 5th semester of Industrial Designer , and I have 500 points in my TOEFL .
Apart from my studies , last year I went to a camp of my career where I was helping in the welcome for the new students of the career .
Finally , I am a master in the kitchen . I really enjoy made desserts and I was in a course of cook the last summer . In fact , I have experience in the kitchen .
As I mentioned above I have experience in camps , I speak English , so I just want an opportunity for show you .
And I know my abilities with kids , I am a patient , confident and organize people .
Perhaps most important , I offer a history of proven results , so I am suitable for the job .
Please give me the opportunity to work with you .
If you would like to know more about me , please contact me at your earliest convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours Sincerely
Alejandrina Guerrero Montanez
Since graduating from University of Eduaction majoring in business English , I have been working for a food joint stock company on a contract basis .
In addition , I am willing to work long hours for your cafe .
I would welcome the chance to work as a part of your cafe where I will make a small contribution while developing my English skills further .
In addition , your cafe is conveniently located near my home , which takes about 10 mintues to go to on foot and i have 2 days off a week . That gives me the opportunity to challenge a new job .
I am available for interview on Monday morning next week and i am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Thao
Dear Billal ,
I hope this email finds you well !
Last week , my friends and I were selected from the class to go on a fascinating trip to a contemporary and magnificent museum .
At this mind - blowing place , we looked and gazed at the phenomenally awe - inspiring and unbelievable fossils of ancient dinosaur bones up to 100 meters high !
I luxuriate the manufacture of the spellbinding models and the gift we get to pick in the dinosaur shop .
Kind Regards ,
Jon
All about me !
my parents ' names are Jan - Erik and Jessika , I have one older sister and one older brother , they are twins and they are 22 years old and their names are Kevin and Tilde , I have two dogs , Ebba and Leia . old .
My favorite thing to do is play sims 3 and sims 4 and listening to music , my favorite music type is rock and , of course , my favorite band is Green Day and , of course , then my favorite song is stray hearts(Green Day ) .
My favorite subjects are English and music , mostly because I love to sing and play guitar .
I love Disney movies like Mary Poppins and Peter Pan , but I ca n't see dog movies because if there 's something sad , like the dog dies , then I will cry .
My favorite books are , of course , all the twilight books(I ca n't choose one :3 )
If I do n't do that , then I am with my dogs or with my friends or just at home playing sims ! AND THE SIMS 4 CAME OUT FOR LIKE TWO WEEKS AGO AND I AM SOOOOO HAPPY ! :D My favorite food is sushi .
I think the most beautiful building that I have visited is the " Monumento a La Bandera " .
It was built on June 20 , 1957 and was built by the architect and engineer Angel Guido to celebrate the Flag Day .
It has a tower of 70 meters with a viewpoint on the top , and it is famous for its big flag and the crypt in tribute to Manuel Belgrano .
Inside the " Monumento a La Bandera " you can see historical objects about the history of Argentina , and in the underground it 's the hall of honor of American Flags .
If you want to enter to the hall of honor or enter to the monument , it 's free , but if you want to go up to the viewpoint , unless you are younger than 5 , you must pay an entrance fee of 10 $ argentines .
The building is open from 9:00 to 19:00 every day .
Why ?
Obviously , because in every story , book or movie , despite heroes are weaker than bad characters , they always win !
What a boring situation !
For example , in Terminator 's movies , the villain was always stronger and more equipped than the hero , but at the end of the movie , the righteous one wins the battle .
Finally , the latest movies are based on cruel , bad , dirty and strong character ! Enjoy them !
In recent years , social media sites have developed and interpenetrated our society as the essentials rapidly .
There are enormous numbers of users all over the world , and social media sites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube are utilized for acquiring some information , contributing ideas , sharing photographs and communicating between individuals , between individuals and organization or between organizations .
Bulgarian parents can choose when their children start school- at 6 or 7 years old .
Before they start school , they have to finish preschool .
Usually children go to kindergarten up to 5 years old , and after that , they start preschool .
In this case they start school at 6 years .
Some children start school at 7 years old , it depends on when they are born - at the beginning or near the end of the year .
The Bulgarian school year starts in the middle of September .
So , if the child is born in the first few months of the year , parents can choose when their child will start school , at 6 years and a few months or 7 years and a few months .
Most Bulgarian parents are not agree with their children to start school at 6 years old .
However , the Bulgarian government was thinking about change the law so all children have to start at 6 years old .
I think I ca n't compare the education of children in school or tertiary education between Bulgarian and Australia , because I still do n't have children and I am not studding in university in Australia .
Let me introduce you to my hometown , Kortrijk .
It is also the Dutch speaking part of Belgium .
Kortrijk is nearby the French border , about 15 minutes away by car .
It was built in the 11th century and is well known for its shopping area .
You can choose between several types of food , such as Japanese , Italian , French and many other food .
Of course , you can eat the typically Belgian dish mussels with French fries .
The concerts attract many people from all over Belgium .
Now Kortrijk is changing a lot .
In the last few years , a lot of building has been done in the area .
New bridges have enriched the town .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
last week , I was on holiday with my family in your " New Holiday Village " .
Unfortunately , our holiday did not live up to the claims made by you .
We had a number of problems ; the first one is concerning the number of beds : You offered space to sleep for six persons , so we excepted six bed , but we only had five .
So , two of us had to share one bed , which is hardly acceptable .
The other problems is about the offered excursions : You promised a number of attractions , but two ( the walk up to the mountain , as well as the visit of a historic castle ) were not available .
Unfortunately , we also had problems with nutrition : In your brochure it was told that we will have a number of restaurants around , but in fact there was only one , which was , in addition to that , really expensive .
We are of the opinion that you should not offer things which are in fact not available .
It requires a rich imagination to try to put a view of the future , first of all , the means of transport will change , depend mainly on the solar energy or the nuclear energy , a flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work , you will need to supply your car with spinache after they invent a spinache - using car .
Also , the food will change in the future , capsules of your favourite foods will be available at the future in the mobile supermarkets , these capsules will turn into your lunch as soon as you put a small amount of water on it .
In the future , water will be very expensive to the extent that you will have to work three hours of overtime everyday to be able to pay for half a liter of clean water , but the one thing that will never change in the future is the smile on your mother 's face when you surprise her by cleaning your bedroom without using the robot that belongs to your older brother .
Of course , I think that we should n't watch too much television .
I think that we should promise ourselves that we will just watch maximal 1 hour 's TV every day .
This photo shows me and my best friend .
It was taken on the embankment of Khabarovsk .
On the background , you can see the river Amur .
On the left , you can see people on an observation area .
They 're enjoying the view .
I was very excited because it was my first visit to Khabarovsk in the summer .
Afterwards , we went for a walk .
We felt happy because we have not seen each other for a long time .
When we were schoolgerls , we used to spend all our free time together .
We are living in different places now .
Luckily , we are in touch .
It 's not difficult today !
Lots of modern messenger services like WhatsApp , Skipy , Vier make it possible for us to talk , chart as much , as we want .
13 July 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am available in summer , whenever and wherever .
I have qualification in teaching children , I am a teacher graduate by University Carlos III of Madrid . I have experience in adventure sports , I like the country and mountain .
I have always had a natural ability to work well with children .
I speak English very good , because my mother is from the UK and my father is from Canada , although we lived in Spain , in our home we always spoke in English .
I do not have experience to work in the kitchens , but a like cooking , I am living alone and I do the housework myself and the meals .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
This year is the last one before going to university .
After so much time at school , some people think they need a break .
On one hand , it is true that leaving school means passing from the basis to your future profession .
However , it could be a great time to work and earn some money for paying university or simply for saving it .
On the other hand , maybe if we have a break until university , the routine of working and studing every day could break .
So when univerity starts , people will become busy , the routine will not be the same , and , as a consecuences the marks will be lower .
to conclude , I think after school we need to apply for university in order to continue working in what we like .
The year off should be taken after university studies .
As the number of traffic accident has increased dramatically over the year , finding the best solutions has putted the government under pressure as to whether to implementing stricter penalties or using alternative regulations .
Personally , road safety can not be ensured with either the former or the later methods .
Instead , it should be a combination of various actions .
As a matter of fact , severe punishments can partly decrease the rate of offences .
Moreover , one 's penalty also can be considered as a mirror that people can look at and avoid doing the same things .
The main offences are driving over the speed limits , drunk driving , driving without licences .
Consequently , those punishments make the drivers have to concentrate on driving only , and therefore , minimize the amount of accidents .
By the same token , a sole method could not solve the traffic problems , as driving offences are not the only reason that cause traffic accidents .
In many developing countries , the government rarely attach special important to both the quality and quantity of the traffic system , especially in rural areas .
Furthermore , vehicle collisions are rising greatly due to the number of unclear road signs .
People should be educated carefully about all the safety regulations and laws when they get their driving licence , the more they know the rules , the less risks are taken on the road .
Public transportation once used to be a convenient and inexpensive way to transport oneself in the city .
However , the increasing number of car ownership has been taken place of public transportation , providing more convenience to get around places and to places .
We do not have to concern to catch a bus or train at a certain time .
However , cars can not take the place of public transportations just for that convenience .
In addition , cars require regular maintenance , such as oil change and checking tire pressures .
Not to mention that not everyone can afford keeping a car with their budget .
In other perspective , cars require to drive .
Driving is something not everyone can do .
For example , people who have disabilities and certain diseases are not able to drive .
Children under a certain age are not permitted to drive .
Dear friends !
For many of children , participating in this camp is the only opportunity to spend time with the coevals and to feel like fully - fledged members of the society .
Words fail to express the emotions that all participants experience .
The health improvements of some children can be considered a miracle .
All children get a lot of positive emotions spending time together and learning how to be tolerant .
A reduction in financial support from foreign charity foundations leads to make our camp not being possible to happen this year .
We want all our children to go to this camp , so we set up a donation project .
The greater amount of money has already been collected thanks to the trustee board of " NNN " community , but we still need an additional $ 13000 .
We are asking you not to stay indifferent to disabled children and to provide feasible help .
( Essay )
To the best of my knowledge , it is a way of behaving more than a way of coping with the latest technologies .
The second main reason is that online news is often free of charge .
Thus , people read news at any time and for free .
On the other hand , newspapers are presented in a definite place , with limited time , and in addition , they are daily payable .
While some may claim that credibility is the main reliable aspect of publishing .
In this respect , newspapers seem to be more credible than numerous websites that make up fake stories much more than publishing real news .
They enjoy turning the pages and reading the headlines using their eyeglasses .
That marvelous , tasteful generation ca n't be buried alive as they have their own experiences and influences upon the modern society .
In light of the forgoing discussion , it appears to be true that the internet is an incredible aspect toward globalisation even in daily news worldwide .
It can be suggested that a combination of both arenas will positively influence the ways of delivering news .
Last week , one friend of mine told me about a new cafe that had just opened near my house and said that she thought it was a magic place .
However , I accepted her plan and I met her at " Wonderland Café " .
It has almost everything that you need in a cafe , comfortable chairs and sofas , beatiful features and a really good - taste coffee that they serve in most of twenty different ways and with all toppings you can think in .
I strongly recommend this café if you want to enjoy an excellent coffee with a careful decoration and brilliant performances in which you can participate while having a drink .
You will love it ! !
At my age , it is very important to keep fit , so I ride twice a week .
This sport is not so hard , and it give me the opportunity to do an activity that is not too expensive and could be done outdoors and not in a closed sportshall .
Whenever I go out with my bike , I stay on the way for two hours and I enjoy so much this time for myself that I 'll remain outside for ever .
For everyone who would like to start this sport , it is important to remember that you are alone with yourself and must have the power to improve the time you 'll stay out and never give up .
They have never met his grandparents because her mom had a fight a long time ago with them , even before they both where born , that it caused them not to know any more about each other .
The girl is making a film for a school project about the journey and about knowing his grandparents .
I think this thriller will get your nerves out of you , the movie reveals many things as it continues . It 's actually so good and , for those that are scared about thrillers , this movie is more like suspense and I really think you can enjoy it .
In the following essay , I will outline two reasons to support my view .
For instance , my friends once bought a nice scruff with a cute animal figure in a small store and I really like it after she showed me .
Therefore , the next day she brought me back to the store , we found out that they did not have the same scruff because it is the only one .
Although I was disappointed that I could not have the same scruff , but this is the fun part that shop in small stores , you can always find something unique .
Second , it is true that shop in a shopping center is fast and convenient , because one can buy all types of things together .
In conclusion , I prefer to shop in a small stores because it is more likely to find the one and the only product , while it also provides a sense of treasure hunting .
On television we can see what people consume .
If tv 's programmes are a lot of rubbiss , it is because some people prefer those .
So , we have to take care of it .
And there are musical channels , too .
There are a lot of old programmes , but it is n't a problem .
I am writing to congratulate you on the excellent Dumplings Festival which I attended in Cracovie last November .
I was far from impressed by all the dumplings which housewives prepared .
In my opinion , the dumplings with spinach tasted great .
I am impressed by a cabaret who performed during the festival .
I would like to suggest fire special animators wgo will entertain kids .
Once again , please accept my compliments on a job well done . I hope you find my suggestions helpful and I look forward toa n even more successful event next year .
These days , the use of technology is increasing , especially the use of robots .
According to Russell and Norwing , robots are especial machines that have intelligence to executed activities on their own or by command ( as cited in Chijindu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
They represent an innovation that has changed the world in distinct ways and have been implanted in different areas of society ; for example in security , health , the army forces , education , industries and agriculture .
Consequently , positive and negative social impacts can be observed by the population .
More accurate surgeries , emotional bond and an increase of communication are examples of positive consequences .
Negative impacts , such as the human dependence on robots for doing basic activities and pollution of the environment , can be cited .
As we know , in all cities , a lot of cars are used every day unnecessarily .
Probably , if we used up public transport like bus instead of private vehicles , we would reduce the greenhouse effect because of the CO2 produced .
Sometimes , cities get rid of rubbish by throwing it to the water .
An easy answer could be building more landfills .
Last , I 'll propose a solution of a common and near problem .
Reusing things that we do n't utilize any more ( like clothes , furniture … ) and give them a ' second life ' .
I think we must be down to earth and creative to cut down on our daily trash 's production .
To sum up , it 's necessary to solve the environmental problems to keep safe our planet , so we had better start resolving closer issues .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm happy that you wrote to me to ask for some advice .
If you want to go to the beach , I 'll tell you to visit the Northeast 's beaches , because there are the most beautiful beaches in the entire world .
There you will see one of the most beautiful biome that you have ever seen .
In pantanal , the weather ir hot and wet , and we can drive into the river deeper in the wood and see the wild animals , like the alligators .
For work , I advise you to came to Sao Paulo .
I hope that I have helped you and will see you soon .
Chinese , Spanish and Portuguese . no one of those languagues are so popular as English is .
Over 1 billion people around the world speak English as a second language . because of that , it is considered the universal language .
I will discuss the importance of English as a second language in Brazil .
Even though , study a language has become easier because of the internet , fluency is harder to get when you study by yourself .
Brazillians need to learn English because it opens doors in business and in higher education .
To conclude , Brazil has a deficiency of English speakers .
The brazillian educational system should be aware to develop more students ' language skills .
It is a rich , graceful and delightful language to learn .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She was going to the national championships in swimming , she was preparing since last summer .
Taking part in it and gaining the best place was her biggest dream .
Especially since the previous national competitions when she suffered a shoulder injury and could not start .
After all , this is a hard work from an early age and on the list of players does not enter by accident .
Dressed in a swimsuit , she was waiting in front of a swimming pool for the next judges ' command .
The judge ordered them to take place at the sites .
Anna looked again toward the audience , where her the best fans in the world were sitting - her parents , friends , coach and friends .
She swam so fast , like a former fish , not a human being .
Only after a while , after a few quick and short breaths occurred to her that she had fulfilled her biggest dream .
I would n't like to be a teacher since I do n't like children a lot .
I am not as patient as a teacher has to be with all his students , although only some of them are naughty .
These people sometimes think of their sons or daughters as innocent angels who spend a lot of their time with inexperienced teachers with no qualifications .
In this case , teaching would n't be monotonous and with no opportunities or prospects .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to ask you if your school could organize an individual course in English for me .
I study English for two reasons .
First , it is necessary for my job ; second , it is my hobby .
I have been studying English for ten years . I make sense of the reading , but I am not good at listening and writing .
My pronunciation is not always correct , and as a result , I have some problems with listening . I know English economic terminology very well but my everyday English is rather poor .
However , my grammar is not that bad .
I would like to sign up for a summer course for three months .
I prefer learning on a one - to - one basis , because it is more comfortable for me .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Sincerely ,
Evgenia Ilyina .
my name is marcos , and I would like to apply for the job in the summer camp .
I actually love outdoor activities , I have been practicing rock climbing for nine years now , and start with motocross since 2010 also i consider myself very nice with children and teenagers . when I was a child , my father and I used to go camping almost every two weekends , till four years ago , because he is no longer be able to stay out of the city , but he taught me all that i need to know to suvive outthere , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
Also , I am chef , so I can assure you that I will be helpful in the kitchen , I have been cooking for a large amount of people for 7 years in a really big restaurant .
I will committed myself to do the best to make your summer camp one of the best .
It is said that there is no future for public transportation . I used to think it when I was young , but it is changed while I am getting older .
Now I need it again .
First , it is more convenient .
Most developed countries developed the public transportation system to low the impact of a growing population .
Then , it is cost effective .
Shared cost let the huge expense on developing and building the public transport system possible .
Finally , it is environmentally - friendly .
Public transportation is proved to require less energy consumption .
How long haven't you use public transportation for ? do you agree that there is no future for public transport ?
Also , travelling , of course , that 's a big part of the function of the car !
The very well developed highways , roads , and city streets provide a good foundation for the cars , look at the North America , the highways were developed anywhere , it 's really your own lose if you do n't drive a car , drive on them(highways )
I agree with this statement that being safe is better than feeling sorry .
There are the three following reasons .
Life is full of good things . Why do n't we look to the full side of the cup instead of looking at the empty one ?
Being sad and sorry will destroy your life , because you will not be able to work , eat and live in a good way .
People are fighting as hard as they can to only reach a calm life where everyone of them can be safe .
Thirdly , I lived for two years without feeling safe and comfortable .
For that reason , I beleive that being safe is absloutly better than being sorry . I will always remember my dad telling me to calm down , saying that the life will go on and oneday all of us will be satsfied with this life .
Be someone famous for a day
If I could change places for 24 hours with a famous person , I would like to be Paula Echevarria .
I will start by telling you something about Paula Echevarria , she is a very pretty and famous actress , she also writes in a fashion blong , she is 34 years old and she is married with David Bustamente , who is a popular and hadmesome singer in Spain , they have a daughTer , her name is Daniela - and they are like a perfect family .
I have chosen Paula because she is popular , famous , rich and she has the perfect husband . But , above all , I choose her because she is friendly , intelligent and she is always smiling .
Therefore , she has everything good aobut being a celebrity , but the most important is that she is a great person .
Let me conclude by saying that I would like to be Paula for one day , because Not only is she a good professional , but she is also a wonderful role model to be followed by everyone .
This hobby give me pleasure and a good sense of nature , especially when I wake up with the sound of the singing birds in my house .
At present , I have three kinds of birds , one of them is a yellow canary , the second one is a finch , and the third one is a combination of two kinds of birds , Each bird has his own special voice .
As technology enhanced the life system in any way possible , people become more dependent and ca n't avoid it beacuse of many different attractions that these cars have .
Another reason for using their own car is that it provides easy access in a second .
Furthure more , there are advantages to travelling by a car , like seeing the scenery and also the costs is less in compare to plane .
In this case , there will be a huge chaos .
Trafic jam will cost a lot , causing problems such as pollution , which certainly cause more health problems and will make expense not only for us , but for the others as well .
The solution is public transport again , which enhance the pace of life and make easy to accsess by subways and special roads .
On the other hand , by increasing the population , we should revise the regulation with the fast pace of technology .
To sum up , as thought the cars are too covenient to some extend , but the cost will reduce the benefit .
So , for sure , we will use public transport but maybe with some changes .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in response to your advertisment for the job in the USA summer camps .
I am interested in applying for this position .
I am 25 years old and have just finished the university studies as a sport teacher .
I think I am suitable for this position because I am hardworking and energetic .
I also have the proficiency ( CPE ) degree and I have been to the USA several times so my English knowledge is good .
Except from that , I am getting well with children and have no problems to work in the kitchens to .
I am available for an interview every day from 3 to 7 p.m.
Aris Drechsler
Speaking English is becoming essential for students and workers .
For this reason , school of English are opening in all the big cities as well as in most towns .
Anyway , it must be taken into account that English courses are often very expensive , and you have to study in a constant way to improve class by class .
On the one hand , living abroad will be probably non cheap , so it could be needed to find a job , but it would be at the same time an advantage : working with English people would help you improve quickly your speaking and listening .
On the other hand , living abroad , you 'll need to speak English all the time and you 'll have the opportunity to learn English in a short time , and in a not boring way .
So , probably , if you have the opportunity to stay abroad for several months , you should do it , to learn English and live a different experience .
TIPS FOR TOURISTS
The aim of this report is to give some advice to all of you who like shopping .
In order to improve the time you spend on it , we will recommend you to star in one of ours malls , where you can find at your disposal several facilities , from the most fashionable shop to the most traditional .
First of all , coming to a mall will help you to deal with them , also , we have to rate positively the wide range of services you can find here : restaurants , coffee shops and some free areas to spare .
Another advantage is that you will find most of the shops you can find in the city centre but you wo n't get lost while you search for them .
For all of you who have kids , you will also be interested in the different areas which take care of them for free for as much time as you need .
I would strongly recommend this at the nap time , to allow them to relax , otherwise you will have to leave sooner than you expected .
In conclusion , you will save , time , money and a foot ache . So accept my advice and try to enjoy the rest of the time of the city .
I am going to write about a short story that I have read from the book : " And all for love " .
There are two main characters .
The plot is about a man , Arthur , twenty - five yeras old , who is engaged to a nice girl .
He got lost and asked about the hotel in a cafe owned by Blanche , a beautiful girl .
He was delighted with her and fell in love immediately .
This changed his life forever .
twenty - five years later , he regrets his decision and wonders what would have happened if he had not met Blanche .
And also I would like to highlight that it reflects the importance of every decision we make and how it can change our future .
" Atacama 33 "
This group had a leader called Mario Casas , starring Antonio Banderas .
The film is well - developed and shows the audience every little issue and difficulty that the miners had to go through .
However , the first 17 days in the movie could turn a bit tedious because the director focused in every single feeling of the trapped men and their families .
After that lapse , the rescuers found the place where the miners were hiding and the moment for rescue them started .
I agree that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Even though shopping can make a bad affect on our health , especially as we can feel tired or exhausted in the end of a hard day .
At the same time , there are one more opinion : that shopping is always enjoyable .
People declare that shopping can make our mood better , what in consequence will make as fun .
As for me , I do n't agree with these people .
Quite often in the shopping centre is not enough air and , as the result , you can get a headache or just feel bored .
In conclusion , I would like to say that there are different views about shopping and it 's not a surprise because we are all different .
Do we need the internet to enjoy life to the full ?
Internet has been developed a lot for the last few years , and we can use it easily for doing any tasks .
On the positive side , the use of the internet helps us to find easily and quickly a lot of information that talk about all the topics .
What is more , we can only have to press one computer key to find what we are searching for .
For this reason , the most people have the Internet at home .
On the negative side , the use of the Internet can be a waste of time in our lives ; this happens because although search is faster , we can distract looking at other things on account of the attractive of the Internet .
Following the above argument , this is the danger of spend hours and hours surfing the web and not being in the real world enjoying the live .
To sum up , the Internet is a good and efficient instrument if we know the correct use of it .
Nowadays , it is very frequent to meet new person coming from abroad who speak different languages and speak about their home countries .
But to learn new cultures , we must know their languages , especially if we want to travel .
Due to globalization , there are more and more multinational companies that require employees who can speak at least fluent English , but if a candidate knows more languages he can have more career chances and achieve top level positions .
In my opinion , it is very important to speak several languages , not only for the above reasons , but also to train your brain , to have the opportunity to find a job abroad and , why not ?
Unfortunately , it is very difficult to learn foreign languages when we are adult , so it is extremely important to teach and to study them since kindergarten age .
The last low sound of the doorbell finished to wake me up."I am not dreaming " , I thought , ¿ " Who is ringing at this time?Then I jumped out of the bed and went down fast the upstairs .
First I asked " ¿ Who is ringing so early?¿What 's happen?Suddenly , a family voice shouted to me throughout the door .
You do n't think opening the door at your little brother¡Oh brother!I shouted , and I ran to open de door . "
What are you doing here ? , "
What an amazing surprise!I was very emocional and was about to cry . "
But You were in Ireland , What are you doing here?I wo n't expect you . " "
I would want to do a surprise , sister!I miss you .
I am so far from home .
It is sometimes very hard for me . " "
Oh , I miss you too and I was looking forward to seeing you .
We are finally together .
I hope you are going to spend a lot of time now with me . " "
Yes .
I 'm going to stay one week .
I'm on holiday from school . "
Dear Jane ,
Thanks for your letter , it was so nice to hear from you !
How are you ?
I believe it is an amazing the project that you are doing .
In answer to your question about the use of the internet beyoung people of our age , I think it is very helpful to get information easier and quiker .
Nowadays , the Internet is very useful , it has many ways of helping people , such us helping with their homework , using Google , or entertainment websites like Youtube , emails websits such as Hotmail , and the number one social network site , Facebook .
Evidently , we can not imagine how much time we spend online , because we are the whold day connecting , in our houses , on moviel phones and on computers at work .
If there is anything else you want to know , drop me a line anytime .
Love ,
Stefania
I think it is a bohemian trip too , because the train use to be one of the most appreciated means of transport in the literacy .
When you take a train , you can read and feel like Phileas Fogg in " Around the world in 80 days " .
I feel better when I travel over ground because I have a fear of heights .
Probably , I 'm afraid of planes , because the media use to show plane accidents more often .
The boat is a very beautiful way to travel , but I 'm sure when I travel by boat in the future , I 'll feel anxiety because I 'll be surrounded by water .
Volleyball is a complete sport where you can exercise all your muscles .
Each team has got a limited number of taps to return the ball .
The ball , usually is hit with the hands and arms , but also with any part of the body .
It 's a sport that looks like easy , but you can injure yourself easily .
Nowadays , they have to work through a lot of issues while they are in their adolescence , they begin to have a lack of self - esteem , depression , social pressure , and all this can cause a lot of problems .
They need to create a new lifestyle habit to reduce the obesity and have a better body image , they should have a healthy eating , and do physical activity .
All this to be in your perfect healthy body .
I went to a workshop about the light - controlled synthesizer .
To get to the place they were holding the workshop in , you had to come to the Chester Beatty library and then the guides arrived and led you to it .
On the way there , everyone who participated in the workshop stopped to buy some snacks .
We were told to choose biscuits and the guides paid for us .
When we reached the workshop , the kids and I were told to put on protective glasses and given booklets with the instructions .
We were taught how to solder two wires together and how to solder a wire to a vero board .
Then we had to follow the instructions in the booklet to make the synthesizer .
At first I was quite confused , but then one of the instructors came and helped me out .
After that , we had a snack and then went on to assemble all the parts together .
We put them in metal boxes and turned them on .
Each synthesizer emitted a loud noise .
When the light sensor is in the shade , the synthesizer emitts a lower pitch , and when the sensor is exposed to light , the synthesizer 's pitch raises .
I worked as an Advocate ( Solicitor ) for a period of more than four years and from those jobs I gained lots of experiences about minute taking , dealing with clients , arranging meetings and handling cases .
In my first placement , I had to deal with lots of cases relating to the violation of children 's rights .
I worked voluntarily for some cases about Juvenile justice , like ( speedy disposal of cases , abuse of their rights while they were under custody , custodial death etc . )
This job is related to my subject of my interest .
I my second placement , I had to perform lots of administrative work , including typing .
I had to work as a liase with clients as well as the company officials ( since Shriram Law Consultants is a part of the Shriram Group of Companies ) .
The author claims that the main aim of the scientists is to reduce human suffering even if it demands research conducted on animals .
Firstly , the author informs us about the impossibility to discover new types of drugs .
Secondly , the author suggests that it is impossible to replace experiments on animals with anything else .
The lecturer disagrees with that point of view , because it is possible to introduce computer substitution or do research on tissues .
Thirdly , the author considers that such tests to keep animal suffering to a minimum .
The lecturer argues that , as a biologist , she used to see animals suffering without the appropriate amount of anesthesia .
The article states that the most efficient substituer of internal - combustion engines will be fuel - cell engines , because of their several advantages , while the lecture refutes this point by stating that hydrogen does not have so many advantages .
First of all , the reading passage says that the internal - combustion engine relies on petroleum , which will be depleted soon , but hydrogen will not deplete easily .
She adds that it is not directly usable , because hydrogen should be obtained in a pure liquid state , which technologically is very hard to be kept under -200 degrees celsius .
Finally , the article says that the use of hydrogen is highly economic , because it requires only half of the energy of internal - combustion - powered cars .
She explains that platinum is very hard to find and , without this metal , it is impossible to produce hydrogen .
An Unexpected Success
I am a fairly calm person and I am interested in reading every kind of books , therefore , I have a quiet life .
Last Spring , however , something happened which surprised everybody , especially me .
My little sister wanted to learn to play the piano so she joined a music school which organised a concert performance at the end of the course .
I went with her and I waited for her the whole lesson .
Unfortunately , she could no longer play .
You are able to read the sheet music and I think you will learn to play the piano in a while . '
I was absolutely terrify as I had to show .
However , the teacher persuaded me to try to play the piano .
Only then did I realise that I was keen on playing .
As a result , I spent the time playing the piano until I felt far more confident .
The day of the concert , I was so nervous that I could n't stop walking .
But when I started , I relaxed and felt like I was the only person in the theatre .
At the end of the play , everybody applauded , had I never felt I so well .
A person who I admire
He was a pastor of a Bautist Church and he fought against the dicrimination of black people in the Unated States in the 60 's .
He participated a lot of times on the meeting , like a leader , and he went against the law for several times .
He had decided not to use the violence in this kind of movements , because he was concentrated about fought against the Vietnam War and poverty .
Report on shopping facilities in my town :
Introduction :
The aim of this report is to assess the most interesting shops for tourists and make some suggestions .
Shopping facilities :
Most people are satisfied with shops in my town in spite of it being quite small .
However , the relation between the quality and the price of the products are believed to be the most essential points to visit Cáceres .
Suggestions :
In general , tourists think shops should be opened during middayas they are foreigners and like to buy things after watching the sights around the city .
It is thought that the best shops in Cáceres are found in the ancient town , as it has a medieval charming which involves visitors in that moment of the time .
Conclusion and recommendations :
Overall , the majority of the tourists prefer to buy typical products from the region and , besides , it is very enjoyable to taste a meal in San Juan Square while people walk around to see at the main clothes shops situated in the main street before to go to the heritage town .
Hi Jo ,
You know that Russia is a big country and there are a lot of places to visit .
In our country there are a few different climate zones with very rich nature , and various cities with old and prominent history and culture .
I 'm pretty sure that your journey to Russia will be a very good and interesting experience .
First of all , you can come to Moscow .
In the city there are a lot of museums and art galleries , theaters and clubs , a few parks which priveds different events like open - air concerts or public muster - classes .
Of course , you must visit Red Square , the Kremlin and Saint Basil 's Cathedral .
I strongly recommend you to book on - line tickets to the Big Theater and visit it 's opera or ballet .
You know the Big Theater is one of the oldest in Russia with very rich traditions of ballet school .
Nowadays , artists of the Theater try to keep that old school and develop their mastery .
In addition , a few years ago , the Big Theater was restored and had gained it 's original appearance .
There is no necessity to describe all the sightseeing in Moscow , you easily can find it in the Internet , I just want to say that I 'm sure , you 'll like it a lot .
After Moscow , you can visit the town of the Gold Ring .
Hello my friend
You know last week Alex and I went to my favorite band 's concert , it was really fun , the whole band line up played for about an hour and a half , but it seemed to me like just a few minutes .
They played all the greatest hits from the 80 's and some other songs from their new album .
People were really excited about the show . They just has three attire changes , but the show was amazing , and the lights and the sound was fantastic .
Regards .
Terry
DEAR MARY ,
NICE TO HEAR FROM YOU AGAIN .
HOW ARE YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ?
MY FAMILY IS VERY HAPPY TO MEET YOU !
I THINK THAT THE EASIEST METHOD OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEAR THE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HAVE TO GET OFF IN CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STATION , SO WE WILL TAKE A WALK UNTIL MY HOME .
ABOUT THE WEATHER , I CAN SAY THAT NOW IT IS STILL HOT , BUT NEXT MONTH WILL BE COLDER , SO I SUGGEST THAT YOU SHOULD PUT SOME SWEATERS IN YOUR LUGGAGE , AND ALSO SOME HIGH HILLS BECAUSE WE'LL GO TO THE DISCO !
ALL THE BEST ,
SILVIA
Some people claim that universities and colleges should not spend a great deal of money on sports and social activities , as their budgets should prioritize classes and libraries .
The student had a great deal of assighment and projects , so he spent more time to access the libabry , becoming more ambition to study books , and using a computer to search the for latest information .
Sometimes he felt tired to do papers , going to the gym to play basketball .
Therefore , not only did he get high score in the reports , that absorbinge a great deal of knowledge at the libabry , but he reduce the study stress and maintain healthy in the gym .
When I finished classes , I would like to access the health center , not only to do exercises , but I could maintain healthy .
At university , I also have a lot of assighments , so I like to go to the libabry to study , where it is more quietly , spacious and internet accessible .
That 's why I like to go to a school in terms of good facilities and widespread information to facilitate me to be a successful person .
Sports and social activities can greatly improve my efficiency .
Academic education will always be at the heart of a university .
In universities , sports and social activities should by no means take the place of a focus on academic study .
I believe that universities and colleges should spend adequate budget on academics as well as sports and social activities .
Teenagers usually do n't know what to study because they feel confused .
It is a great life stage , but at the same time , it is difficult , sometimes teenagers have problems with their families , with themselves , as a result , they do n't know whah to choose .
Many times , when people leave high school and they go to University , they realised after several months that the career they had chosen it is not for them .
In the other hand , when teenagers take a year off , it is helpful for them to become mature .
You can work , travel , going to an exchange study program , rest and do something that you are interested in .
A lot of people think it is a waste of time , but that is not true .
When students enter University after they have taken a year off , fewer people leave the career after several months because they know themselves better .
I 've been studying English for eight years and now I want to improve my English level because I need it in my job .
My grammar and writing are good , but as I 've said early my pronunciation is awful .
I 'm available to start the course immediately and I want both an eight - week intensive course and an one - month summer course in August , when I 'll be on holiday , and besides I 'd like to learning in small groups because the teacher can focus on his pupils better .
Twenty years ago , no one would think of the inventions of the Ipad or smarthphone and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become the necessities of our daily lives ; nowadays , many people have just got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
The Ipad , smartphone , genetic food engineering , all of them have one thing in common -they have changed our lives dramatically .
Take genetic engineering as an example , on the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more corps and meats , on the other , it makes people believe that scientists can help in finding more efficient ways in producing more corps and poultry in the future , resulting in an unprecedent increase in the human population , which brings pollution to the environment .
My name is Stelios . I am a 15 year old kid and am sending this letter to apply for the job at USA SUMMER CAMPS.I believe that I am suitable for the job and I hope that you 'll agree .
As a result , I could be very helpful in oranising sports and activities , but I could also provide assistance in other places , including the kitchen .
Furthermore , I am cheerful , energetic , and I am doing on well with kids .
To conclude , I believe that I am ideal for the job and I would love to work with the USA SUMMER CAMPS , so the kids who go there can have their best summer holiday .
Stelios Metaxas
I watched the film one month ago and it has really impressive and engrossing effects .
The film tells about a movie shooting and the adventures of a filming team which is in Bolivia .
Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest by a critical perspective , but while shooting the film , appear some protests against the privatization of water and the team fall into a chaos and then the film starting to give some social , politic messages .
The messages are very important ones which effect me .
The private companies try to keep public 's all water , which is vital to live , rain is in danger ; Even the rain …
The crucial point is the transformations and exprerienced contradictions of the characters .
I do n't think that there is no future for public transport and I agree that travelling by car is much more convenient .
If the government provide good transport infrastructure like modern and comfort buses , traffic free Metro lines , then people would rather to use public transport than travelling by car .
Now a days worlds are facing the big issues , like climate change and carbon emission .
Many times , because of huge traffic congestion on the road , we waste our time . while using public transport like the Metro save our times .
There are many city in the world , planning to car free days and promote to use of public transport .
Department stores are found in all big cities .
There you can find almost everything you want .
In this fast - moving world , shopping is the one of the most important things , but I strongly believed it is not always enjoyable .
In my opinion , there is the reason that shopping is not always enjoyable and full of pleasure .
CONTRIBUTION TO A LONGER PIECE
I always love writing .
I have always loved reading .
You never know what you are going to find when you are reading ( or writing ) and less if you are doing it on the Internet .
There are such an interesting websites and blogs where you can find out something very useful that you would have never expected or , unsurprisingly , missinformation .
WHY BLOGS APPEAL TO BOTH READERS AND WRITERS
Many people will find blogs and websites useful in order to meet new people .
However , on the internet you can find not only meeting points but practical and very thought - provoking articles in blogs .
In my experience , being under the screen of a personal computer , will you be able to show and exchange ideas or opinions as easily as if you have to do in front of someone else .
However , both readers and writers do not only do it as an altruistic and philantropic way , but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to became famous if they really appeal to a large amount of people and they will abe also available to earn money thanks to the publicity .
THE BLOG I FOLLOW
To give an example , I usually follow a blog whose main task is to inform about novelties of new and old series , characters , new seasons , and when they will be ready to watch them again .
That 's the point of the Internet .
You must n't take everything into account .
To clarify what the situation is , it is truth that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites , but the fact is writing or reading in a blog could give to people a practical way to communicate and share preferencies , beliefs or thoughts , however , more or less reliable .
He was hunting on a hot day in summer in the country near Monfrague with Jon , a friend from Madrid .
After to drink water form the bottle , he fell over on the gress and Peter saw that Jon 's leg was broken .
There was a lot of blood and it was then when Peter looked at his whach and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Jon 's face was white and his lips were blue .
Finally , Peter ran to the car and went to pick Jon up .
Two hours later , they were in the room of urgency of Cáceres Hospital and the doctors were curing Jon ' s leg .
Dear Volunteer Co - ordinator
My name is Farit .
I 'm writing to you in connection with your volunteer project , whose
description I have found at the http://http://europa.eu / youth/. I would like to know whether are you
accepting applications at the moment .
Your project is very compelling for me .
take part in it . I could help you with teaching math , together with computer programming ,
in an engaging and interesting way . I 'm passionate about math and programming .
I 'm a 25 year old male from Russia .
Currently , I am working as a python programmer .
Programming language is a great choice for teaching kids to program .
It 's an easy , beautiful language .
I have a bachelor 's degree in mathematics ( I 'm a math teacher ) and a master 's degree in computer science .
applicants from Russia .
Looking forward to hearing from you
Thanks in advance
Farit Blokhin
P.S
Would you be so kind as to tell me the applying deadlines , and program start and end date .
I have a sending organisation " Centre for Youth Studies - Higher School of Economics "
( accreditation number 2014-XT-16 )
Hi , my name is Henry and I would like to apply for the job .
Nowadays , I am living in Aberdeen ( Scotland ) but I am from Spain .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to know new places and , over all the things , I love the Nature . I would be happy to visit the USA because I have never been there , I think it is a too rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people that I was glad to meet them .
My brothers , nieces and nephew are an important part of my life , so I am always playing with them .
I often try to play with the children interesting games , I think the games are a funny way to teach interesting things both to children and to older people , that is why I invent new methods to introduce the science in the children 's lives .
The favorite game for my brothers is called " coca boom " , with this game I showed them what is the chemistry , we cough a " Coke " and some " Mentos " sweets , then I put the " Mentos " into the " Coke " and I taught them what happens when you mixed two substances .
Hi !
my parents ' name is Susanna and Peder .
I have three dogs , one at my dad 's and two at my mom 's .
Their names are Harry , Alice and Bonti .
Bonti is very old . She is 13 and she are feeling pretty bad , so I do n't think she will be alive so much more .
We all have things in common , like driving scooter .
We have a lot of fun .
I have moved a lot in my life , as I said before , that my parents are divorced and because of that I have moved a lot .
My favorite place on earth is Hawaii .
I will never forget that trip .
That trip made me a lot of friends , I 'm still holding the in contacts with them and this trip was two summers ago .
We all liked it so much , so we are thinking about going back there sometime .
there was this amazing beach , we could hire paddle boards , snorkel gear , kayaks and other fun water things . and , one day , my mom and I went out early and hired a kayak and went out on the water and we saw sea turtles .
After a week , we went home .
My favorite book is " the hungergames " .
When I got it , I read it for five hours in a row .
I like that book so much because it is pretty realistisk and it can happen in the real world sometime .
It 's pretty scary because of all that happens in the book , all the dead bodies and hurt people .
But if you haven't read it , I suggest you to read it .
My favorite tv series is called " Lost " .
I have seen all the episodes and I still watching it because it 's so good .
I like it so much because it 's dramatic , full of action and adventure .
It 's does actually reminding me of my favorite video game , which is called " Minecraft " . You must have heard about it .
Everything is made of blocks and you can build and play with friends .
I have played many sports in my life , like football , golf and tennis .
Visiting museums is an essential parts of their travel to new places for many people .
Besides seeing touristic or historical places , and attending open - air activities , people also want to see the museums of the city they visited .
Because museums offer so many interesting and different things , they differ from other places in the visiting city .
First of all , people visit museums to learn the history of the visiting city . We know that museums are generally established to expose special and unique belongings which are historically valuable as well as to expose modern belongings .
These old things in the museum give us unique information about the history of the city and its social life .
For example , when you go to the Metropolitan museum of art in New York city , you can see lots of historical monuments and items belong to American history and also other countries ' history .
Observing these items , you can get an idea about the old times of the visiting place .
Secondly , museums are places from where you can learn about the culture of the visiting city .
For instance , art museums include art collections such as paintings from many different artists .
Some of them were made in the modern style and some of them in the classic .
You can get an idea of the culture of the city from these paintings .
The third advantage of visiting a museum is that you can have fun visiting a museum .
Beside historic and cultural characters , some museums also can be a source of fun , including attractive activities .
If you are bored to see classic museums , you can go to thematic museums such as a natural history museum .
In addition to having lots of information , we also can have fun to see interesting things in the museums , such as huge dinasours . You may feel incomplete if you do not visit the museum of the new place you travel .
They say it is caused by burning oil , so the society demands itself to enclose it .
It is often necessary to have a car when living in a small city or village without public transport , and it is understandable .
But while living in a big city , where there are lots of bus stops , tram stops or metro stations , it is quite incomprehensible that people want to drive their own car and be stuck at a block while rush hours .
As the ecology organisations says , it is better for the environment , and as we decided , it is better for us to save our precious time .
Increasingly , people prefer to use public transport rather than to drive a car for these reasons .
It is not true that public transport has no future .
The bigger the city is , the more important public transport is .
The importance of the internet on our lives
The last decades there has been an massive change been in our lives , this is caused by the development of the internet .
In this essay I will describe some of those effects .
In these days , a lot of student are using the internet as a study tool .
The internet allows you to search for information in massive online libraries for research and writing essays .
There are massive online libraries like Science Direct or Google Scholar to find the publications of researchers around the world .
The greatest impact of the internet on our lives is the use of social media .
Almost everybody have at this moment at least one account on a social media network like Facebook or LinkedIn .
The positive effect is that it is possible to be in contact with your friends and family whenever , wherever .
One of the downsides is that you are not able to get away from your bully .
This could drive someone crazy and make them very miserable .
The greatest impact of the internet on our life is the use of social media because you can get in contact with everybody around the clock .
Also , it gives us the possibility to get in contact with family and friends .
There are also negative effects like bullying !
I think we should use the internet carefully and keep use it with cautious .
However , overtime i begun to understand how to play and i liked it much more than in the past .
In fact , when i was sixteen years old , i begun to go to the stadium with my friends every sunday .
He played for my town 's club : Napoli .
Every day in my town , people speak only about football becouse it could give you a lot of emotions .
A football match is something special and you don t see the time that arrive sunday to watch your favourite club s match .
But , is it really necessary ?
Is it the best for the pollution and the environment ?
In the morning , everyone goes to their job by car , but I think that the real reason to do this is that we need to do a lot of things durind the day and with public transport we spend more time than doing the same with our own vehicle .
For example , I 'm a commuter and also I need my car to pick up my daughter from the school in the afternoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't like the traffic . Then when I get away from the hustle and bustle of the city I usually go to my village .
Hello guys , my name is Matteo Davide and I love a lot of things in my life , but the most important is one : play tennis .
I play this game four times a week in a really beautiful centre which is called ' Rai ' .
There are around ten tennis courts , one swimming pool , two football pitches and three gyms .
In my opinion , tennis is the best sport because I 'm an individualist , so I prefer individually sport , because in these kind of game everything depends from you .
In others sports , no .
For example , during a foorball match , if you wrong it is n't too important because you have a team which can remedy it , evin if ypu do nothing .
An other reason for loving this sport is that having a racket in my hands , for me , is beautiful .
If you want to start playing this sport , remember that when you are playing every points are important and you must n't relax during the match , even if you are winning with a very big advantage , because , in a few minutes , you could lose the match .
I hope this sport will have more importance in Italy in the future .
Dear Chairman ,
I am writing to you to raise an important issue concerning the school library .
I look forward to understanding and I hope we will reach a consensus .
First of all , it is very important to me to determine the basic problem of our school .
For many years , we , pupils , have been waiting for a library .
Yet , it has still not been built .
Our priority is good preparation for the secondary school certificate .
For this purpose , we need a quiet place to learn .
Moreover , pupils demand is the possibility to borrow books .
They are simply too expensive .
Our request boils down to the fundamental role of education .
It is broadening the horizons of our knowledge .
Besides the issues that have been already mentioned , there is also the undisputed fact that if our school had a rich computerized library , it would be more representative .
Respectfully yours ,
Piotr Dudek .
But how will change the people 's life in the next 50 years ? .
That 's why we have to describe some important ideas related to this topic .
First of all , as we said before , the people 's lives have changed due to two important elements , which are the technological improvements and society changes .
The first one it is very obvious because , every day , the researchers are discovering new things and improving the scientific knowledge that allows us to create new invents and improve the old ones .
For example , one of the most important devices that has taken an important role in our lives is the mobile phone , which has changed extremely fast over the last ten years .
Another example is the cars , which are taking the same way as well as the mobile phone has done .
The second one is very important too , because society has changed a lot as well as the people 's mind .
For instance , one hundred years ago , it was impossible to see a woman working and carrying on economically the whole family alone or studying for a degree in the university , things that today are very usual and well accepted in our society .
In addition , there are other conditions and facts that has helped to change the people 's lives , such as political decisions , global wars and global economical problems , etc .
Dear Mr Bond ,
The most interesting is the art gallery , Oko Miasta , which is located in the city centrr .
What 's more , in the middle of the biulding , there is a small library where people used to buy the newest books and papers .
It is a good place for everyone who wants to get some Polish literature .
In my opinion , the art gallery , Oko Miasta , would be the best place You can visit with your group .
I hope my help was useful .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
XYZ
Hit and run
Do you like adventure sports ?
Or do you prefer the relaxed ones ?
If you have said yes , grass hockey is for you .
Grass hockey is a popular sport practiced among people of all ages and it 's more played in countries like Britain , Argentina or German rather than in Spain or Italy .
In order to score , you should push a small white plastic ball inside the goal using a stick .
In my opinion , grass hockey is the best sport you can play as it requieres you to be really focused on to hit the ball correctly .
Besides , when you practise it , you must move all your body , because you have to run and guide the ball through the field .
So now , if you 're thinking hockey is for you , I recommend you to buy a pair or good grass boots .
And do n't worry if you are not able with sports that involve using a tool , you can always be the goal keeper in your team .
Michael was home alone , spending time in front of the TV , watching his favourite movie .
While he was lost in the action , a strange and unexpected sound came from his sister 's bedroom .
He continued watching the movie , thinking it must be nothing .
Then there it was again , the sound .
" Hello , is someone there ? " , Michael asked .
Suddenly , a loud bang .
Michael reached for his baseball bat , ready to look into what was going on .
He tiptoed to his sister 's room , knocked silently , hoping there was no answer .
And there was n't .
He slowly opened the door , and a cat jumped right in front of him . "
A cat ?
All this was caused by a cat ?
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Destination : Disney .
Do you imagine travelling to the United States ?
Have you ever gone to a place designated only for having fun ?
Disney is the dream of a lot of people in the world , many of them have said that it is a magic and awesome experience .
The vacatios starts when the plane takes off and nerves and happiness blend , creating an experience you will never forget .
When the plane arrives at the airport of Miami , you can appreciate the beautiful viwe that thid place offers .
To conclude , Disney has so many facilities that it is impossible to get bord , you can relax in your hotel and have an unforgettable moment in the roller - coasters .
I do n't agree with the statement .
Indeed , it is true that travelling by car is much more convenient .
But cars need petrol .
Fossil resources are about to run out .
For the sake of that , the public transport will be improved , instead of being replaced by cars .
On the other hand , more electric cars are produced every year .
This fact could keep the share of cars .
For the above reasons , I suspect that the share of public transport do n't decrease , but will rather increase in the future .
For example , car sharing could increase in the city .
Besides that , if I had to choose a type of film , I would say , the comedian and the action ones are the most appealing to me , if they have a real dramatic and coherent story instead of a fictitious and meaningless one .
Recently , I saw some pretty good films called " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " Capitan Philips " , films that caught my attention since the first minute .
Honestly , they lasted for 3 hours , but the most impressive of all this is that they were able to create a single world between me and the screen for all that time .
Dear , Sir / Madam
I understand that you required for peoples have good English , are energetic , cheerful and hardworking , who that are able to look after children among 8 and 12 , help organise sports and evening activities as work in the kitchen .
I have previous experience working with " ADRENALINE SUMMER CAMPS " coaching children in how to play football for a football championship . Within the summer camps , I also organized other activities such as climbing , running , competitions , expedition and other movement .
Moreover , I help in the kitchen to prepare fresh food for the children .
In this way , the kids are always up for the challenge and do not give up upon meeting their first obstacle .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully
Monica
Because of him , I am what I am .
A person that takes a fixed place in your life and without that person you ca n't live .
My best friend is called Christoph .
He is 1.80 meters tall and 23 years old .
In the future he wants to get a general .
We have met us years ago , when we were babies , because our mothers were and are good friends .
He is a very honest person and has short blond hair and brown eyes .
During the holidays and at the weekends , he wears summer clothes .
As you can think , he is a very straight person , who knows what he wants .
But he also can be harmfully and sensible .
For me , a good person to speak with about everything , especially about my problems .
Although we have many different views of the life , we understand each other and are best friends .
Of course , during these events all the world watch it .
Sports in general are followed by a huge percentage of the population .
That is probably because I do n't like team sports .
I do n't want to appear too rigid , but I 've seen too many times how people forgot the real problem and think only to this thing .
The point is that we have to make the world better , not just sometimes , but forever .
During these events , people seem to fall into a peaceful dream where all the country love each other without show racist feeling .
Whereas , often , we see bad behavior .
Probably us , as the human race , necessitate of this kind of things .
In my opinion , we have to deal with a lot of other important point related to our culture .
When I was young , we used to have a piano in our dining room because my mother used to play that .
Latent fingermarks are commonly found at the scene of a crime .
Persistence and uniqueness are the characteristics of the fingerprint .
The latent form of fingermark is invisible to the human eye , hence the need for some methods for visualization and development of latent fingermarks .
Divergent approaches are used on a routine basis for the development of latent fingermarks .
Powders , by adhering physically to the fingermark residue developed the latent fingerprint , chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingermarks developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingermarks by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingermarks , ninhydrin reacting to amino acid of the fingermark and developed the latent marks , single and multi - metal deposition methods works on the principle of deposition and resulting in the negative development of latent marks .
so , starting from powders to chemicals , all are in the public eye .
New methods are continually added in the literature and shows the importance of fingerprints in the criminal investigation system .
one can easily deduce information of culprits with partial form of a latent fingermark .
As we all know , it is an essential part of our life .
Firstly , sport is the best way to improve your immune system .
According to the scientific research , mental health is closely connected to the physical one .
As for me , I am keen on basketball as it is my personal way to unwind and work out .
I am into it because it is quite catchy and spectaculous .
Moreover , it is considered to be one of the most active and popular kinds of sport all around the world .
To sum up , I believe that if you want to be mentally and physically fit - you should try to do some sport and exercise . Also , do not worry if you are not so good at it , just keep doing it and enjoy yourself .
The most recent thriller I 've seen is " The Miserables " .
However , I 'm not referring to the musical , nor the intermediate version ; the oldest version is the referenced one .
You are able to analyse human emotions and rationalise moral situations , so it is a movie that provides a lot of factors .
I found it very exciting because it shows a pre - revolutionary era when Jean Valjean is sent to work as a slave for stealing a small piece of bread .
After he ends his sentence , he has to solve many moral situations that prove who he really is .
It is very profound too , because it shows you problems that could happen , but in a minor scale .
What really makes the difference is if you choose to help others or not .
As the man left the café , Maria saw that his phone was still on the table .
Then she took the phone and ran out the café .
The man was so far from her that she had to run very fast towards him .
She noticed he was Robert , her first boyfriend , but he looked like an angel .
In fact , he wore a black suit and a lovely linen tie .
Then Robert smailed and giving his hand towards hers , said : ' I have missed you a lot ' .
They are less likely to find good jobs because most of them are not highly educated .
As a result , they will not make enough money to afford their livings in urban areas and will even face problems of poverty .
To reduce the above problems , it is necessary for governments to plan carefully before the construction of builings and transport and try their best to decrese the side effects .
Meanwhile , they need to build natural reserves for wild animals which can not easily find another habitats to live in .
Although there will be many bad influences of large - scale building on people and animals , the countries would develop better if governments could take efforts to solve the above problems .
I agree with the statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Personally , for me , shopping is very pleasant , but sometimes it can be a little tiring .
In my opinion , there is a few advantage of shopiing .
First of all , if we are in shops , we can buy everything we want .
Another good point of shopiing is the fact , that it could be relaxing for some people .
I like buying some clothes or cosmetics .
It give me some pleasure and is fun .
Michael was a 23 years old boy , who wanted to be a famous artist .
He had very good talent , but no one understood his creative mind .
Everyone considered him as a crazy and boring guy obsessioned by his passion ; except Kate , his only best friend , who encouraged him every time he wanted to let up his dream down .
At that time , Kate was working in an international advertising office .
They wanted something that could be traditional and revolutional at the same time , something that could give a new vision of the reality , and Kate started to bring some information about many artist .
After lots of meeting and conferences with the representation of China , Japan , the Usa and Oceany , Michael began to be the man who he had dreamed of being since he was a child .
He started to be very rude and sometimes he treated Kate like an inferior girl .
On day , the two guys had a terrible discussion .
Kate accused Michael that the celebrity had made him blind and Michael did n't want to listen to her .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Enjoying the outdoors in my area
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to propose the best places for visiting and to show the wide range of existing facilities which can be used by young people who are going to make a trip to my area .
There are many parks and green areas close to this city where young people could spend their time outdoors and having fun during all day before going out , such a park is called : San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people are used to having barbecues there , after they had done any water sport or rented a boat .
In addition , there are many public transport which could drop you off in front of the park .
We have an active Nightlife in this city , live gigs are performed from Wednesday to Sunday in several pubs with free access and our cinemas have always had a good movie listing .
In my opinion , the fame is a need for actors and musicians of the popular culture .
Computers and Information Faculty
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Letter of Recommendation
To Whom It May Concern ,
Kadeer Abdul - hamied .
I have known Kadeer since 2012 , when he joined the faculty of Computers and Information , Fayoum University , as an undergraduate student .
He attended my labs on the " structured programming " course during the first year .
He also attended my lectures and labs in the " Java SE " summer training course .
Also during this course , he had to work in a team and deliver a project as a requirement for the course .
Indeed , I consider mr .
Kadeer as one of the most excellent and outstanding personalities among his colleagues .
I believe that Mr. Kadeer will perform very well and I strongly recommend him for the " Google Student Ambassador MENA Program " .
Sincerely ,
Eng .
Mahbub Ezzeldeen Ganim
Assistance Lecturer at CS Dep . ,
Computers and Information Faculty ,
Fayoum University , Fayoum , Egypt .
Phone Number : + 200123456789
Email : Yj5kk@fayoum.edu.eg
Once upon a time , there lived a boy named Micheal .
He lived in a village near a railway station .
Later , his parents became very angry and even got him beaten up for his mischief .
He went to his room and felt very bad for what he did .
Micheal closed the door and knew at that moment , he had made a mistake .
this film was about how the previous roberry which had been accomplished by Vin 's gangs leads to the hatred of a criminal stared by Jason Statham .
Jason statham was so strong and made all the gang feel terrible fear since dwayne Johnson was inroaded and heavily wounded .
the chasing of Jason Vs Vin was so exciting furthermore the walkthrough is designed where Vin vs Jason is interrupted by another party .
However , both of them did not unite to face the intruder and continued to assault one another .
The end of the story comes when Diesel get cornered by Jason , spontaneously Dwayne came and fired jason with a machine gun .
The next scene was the demolishing of the whole building as well as the exploding of jason 's copter .
The film was the last movie stared by Paul Walker as , in the film production process , he passed away due to a car accident .
This film 's Soundtrack , ' See You Again ' , was composed by Wiz Khalifa and dedicated to Paul .
Dear Marco ,
I am sorry to hear that you 've got to give up either sport or music .
Soccer has always been part of your life and memories of you as a kid kicking a ball bigger than you are still vivid in my mind .
I still remember the first day we went to attend a soccer lesson . You promised me you would never give up!. You dreamt of becoming a professional player and decided what your life would be like once you reached it .
You 've kept working on it for almost your entire life now and , although you have not become a professional one , you have never given up .
However , piano is also part of your life .
When I first introduced you to it , you were quite sceptical of your possible achievements .
But again , you never gave up and now you playing in the 3rd Orchestra in Town , which shows how big you are .
Proof that not only you are very determined , but that piano playing was meant to be .
We have enjoyed music together for nearly 20 years and most of our good times are related to that .
As you asked for my take , what I tried to do was nothing but thinking of you as if you were my son .
I imagined the scenario with Mathew coming up to me and looking for some advice .
I 'd suggest we take some days off together and head for any particular place he would like to go to .
Then , once we get on the car , I 'd let the music we had planned before as the ideal background absorb us before uttering any words .
Only after driving for a while I would ask him to tell me what he 's been up to lately and if there 's anything he hasn't told me about but is keen to mention now .
At that point , I would let his talking go on without stopping him from interruption .
By now , he will be able to answer for himself many questions he 's been troubling with .
All I 'll have to do is just point out what the main points are that he is too dull to see .
Because that 's what an outside criterion is needed for .
Someone else can just help you think out and be nothing but supportive .
Perhaps the next day , he wo n't even be able to recall what the speaking was about , but I 'm pretty sure that after all this , deep down in himself he will know what the best move on is to make ! !
Let 's talk about sports
Do you have a favourite sport ? I have !
I really enjoy volleyball and horse riding , although my favourite sport is swimming .
Have you ever tried it ?
You should .
It is a hard sport , but when you are doing it , you forget all your problems .
Swimming is a fantastic sport , especially in the Summer , because in the water you can get fresh .
If you are starting this sport , you should n't be afraid of the water .
Do what you can do , and when you think that you ca n't do it , try your best .
You just need to practise .
You just try to do your best .
In fact , travelling by car is not convenient when people have their own cars for their family or themselves .
The main advantage of public transportation is that it can transport a large number of passengers at a relatively low cost .
For example , a bus can take more than 40 passengers at one time at a low cost .
For another , the subway is able to transport a number of people around the city .
Too many vehicles in a crowned city would increase the carbon dioxide emissions .
In conclusion , public transportation would still pay an important role of transportation in a city , unless the environmental vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a city are managed well for accommodating a huge number of cars .
It 's really important that we do things we should do .
There are some people that spend too much of their time doing nothing useful , although others may say that it helps to be more relaxed in their lives .
First , you gain time doing essential things .
By doing so , you immediately take advantage of the time in your life doing something essential .
I started to feel bored with the complementary courses on my curriculum because there were the kind of courses that did n't have any help to my university career , which is mainly about System Engineering , and I was required to take complementary courses such as Ecology , Laws , and so on .
But later , when I graduated , I realized how important were those subjects .
You 'll dedicate your time only on things for personal enjoyment and it really will hurt you .
He ran for 30 minutes around the pool and when he finished , my friend started laughing at him .
Nobody had noticed that the president of the social club has an award for the runner , and he received an amount of 30,000 dollars because of his effort .
To sum up , it is a good decision if you do things that are necessary or needed at the moment , even though you do n't like it .
If you do essential things , you gain time in your life at the same time .
If you would rather avoid essential or required things , you 'll lose many chances to succeed .
So , we should focus our minds on making the right decision and spend our time wisely doing what is most important .
Some people think that computers are the most important invention over the last century , while others think that there are a lot of inventions over the history that are more important than the computer .
Personally , I think the computer brings many changes in the world , and it is for that that I think it is the most important invention .
For example , how one person can be informed about what happens to the other side of the world with only a click .
In contrast , some people think that the computer is just one more invention in the history of humanity , and although they accept that it is an important invention and changes the world , they prefer to say that there exist inventions more important than the computer that nowadays we still use .
For example , the paper or the wheel .
Overall , people are divided in what they think about the most important invention in the world and what changes these objects make to the world and humanity , I still think that the computer is the most important invention because it not only changes one part of the history like the parper or the wheel did , it changes every aspect of the human 's life .
Personally , I prefer different movies .
The choice always depends on my mood .
Most of the time , I like to watch comedies , love stories and adventure movies because these types of films can help me relax after a hard working day .
I do n't like horrors because they always have a bad impact on my mood .
Therefore , I feel more peaceful when I view something funny , adventurous and undemanding .
In my opinion , people watch movies because they want to spend their leisure time .
Movie companies offer all kinds of movies , so everybody can choose something that he likes .
I think other media will fulfil these functions as well .
For example , books also help us relax .
Besides , we can learn something knew from books .
Dear Ms Hammond ,
In addition , I would also like to ask you about the type of equipment you can lend us to do this kind of activities and sports I have just mentioned .
That is something really important for us .
Yours truly ,
Jennifer Barraza
In my opinion , this statement could be said for a person who lives in a city with little traffic or a person who prefers to travel in a freedom way instead of being concerned about public transport schedules .
The most common problem in crowded cities is that usually they have a lot of traffic jams , and this is because there are too many cars .
Since my view , to use the public transport in this case have two important advantages : the first one is you do n't have to care about parking ; the second one is you can move in a relaxed way , reading a book , listening to music or talking with other passengers .
Nevertheless , having a car in a big city is quite expensive nowadays , not only because the petrol price is continuously raising , but also because you have to pay high taxes for the car .
As i recognized , there are severeal way to improve , it because we are trying to invent a lot of thing every day .
You would not think , it but when you are just thinking , you may have the chance to invet something new and useful for humanity .
Inventors work years to reach their goals . They are working with their project like you every day .
So we have the chance to improve public transport .
Artifitual Intelligent is one of the best way , we can switch drivers to these vehicles .
In conclusion , we have a lot of things how o improve .
We can also help by paying for our tickets , yes , this is simple , but these companies need money to improve their businness .
A hectic day .
Can you imagine what it was ?
In fact , probably it was n't a significant thing for most people , but it was it for her .
She was outside the church when a friend of her called to tell her the new about the accident .
If I had known that there were full of problems , I 'd have gone on travel instead to get married .
Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm here to deny and explain everything about the case of my sextape , I went to a party with my football team - mates and we were having a whale of time . Then some girls arrived and I started to talk with one of them , I like her and she likes me so , we went to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how , but some guys get into my room and started to record my with the girl and I did n't noted . Then many days after I received a call from a guy that tell me that he have a very explicit video of me doing things with a girl and that if I do n't give him some money he will put that video on the Internet .
I think that he makes a wild goose chase he had just bitten off more than he can chew because he does n't know me and I 'm going to make him pay for what he had done .
In other ways I 'll talk about Benzema , he is my friend for many years ago but I 'm not sure if he is with me or with the others guys , so I want to listen to their version of the story so he is here to talk about that .
I 'm Nedar Benzema and I 'm blamed for Mathieu 's sextape .
One of my best friends called me two weeks ago .
He said to me he needed money .
I had n't got enough money so I told him .
He set up the plan and he made true .
He made a video of his friend and Mathieu .
So now I regret that and I apologise for this situation .
Most of the songs show demoniac features , causing serious concerns on the media .
The album 's name is from the song by the same name : The Number of the Beast .
In this album , the drummer was really great and fantastic eletric guitar solos were showed too .
I 'd say that was their best album and , obviously , they rock .
I am living in Chennai , one of the most populated city in India , perhaps one of the most polluted city in India too .
The city is dwell with people , cars , bikes and factories , which turned out to be one of the polluted city in India .
The infrastructure build for controlling and maintaining the environment ecosystem friendly is worst . In other words , the government and people do not care about the environment , rather they spoiling the environment drastically .
The government always says the statement they are doing their best to improve the environment but nothing as done . Perhaps they are corrupting people 's money in terms of various projects that controls the pollution of the city .
The government is not the only one to blamed but also the people who leaving here , who never cares of their environment .
They polluting more than factory does , by using plastic material , disposing of wastes in public places , and even some people tend to split and use public places as their toilet .
Although many factories and people is polluting the environment drastically , but some people and organization is protecting the environment , but most often these people are discriminated from society .
But they do n't care about this and continue with there work , often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generation and have made some people to change the way they look at the city , but often some most people do n't care about what they trying to say and sometimes these people are scold .
So far , people do n't understand the consequence of the pollution , but with in decade they will then the suffer and understand the consequence of pollution in their life for sure .
Dear Joe
I am 19 years old and I have 2 younger brothers and a younger sister .
I think I have some experience with young children as I have to take care of my own brothers every day .
In addition to this , I go to the gym three times a fortnight and I took swimming lessons for 3 years .
Also , I had also taken some self - defense lessons and a climbing course over the Alps .
I think that I deserve to have a job here because , with my swimming and climbing knowledge , I can entertain the children .
And in order to help them defend themselves , I can also teach them some techniques about self - defense .
Anyway , I hope I will get the job , and I am able to attend an interview at half past nine on Saturday .
Andrei
As the only Brazilian president from an unprivileged background , Lula has made history after running for four times for President .
Since he took up the office in 2002 , Lula has made major structural changes in Brazil , taking out more than fourty million Brazilians out of extreme poverty .
To curb corruption , new laws were created , instituions were re - structured and innovative mechanisms were developed to engage and give voice to the civil society .
Minority groups received more attention to protect their rights and investments in education , health and well - being increased .
Curiously , Lula is the only Brazilian president without a university degree .
For the poorest Brazilians , Lula and his history is something to be proud of .
For the Brazilian elite it is unacceptable that Lula , a poor migrant from northern Brazil , overshadowed all the presidents and most politicians of their own , priviliged , university - educated and careless about the real Brazilian problems .
Dear Sir ,
Further to our recent telephone conversation , I have worked as a babysitter with children aged 5 - 10 for five years .
By the way , I had experience in the organization of sport and evening activities because , at the university , I did a course of Public Relations .
If you want to see my reports , I can send you them whenever you want or , if you prefer to ask my teachers about me , I can send you their phone numbers in case you want references from my job .
My teachers have said to me that , if you want , they can write a letter about my experience .
I think I would be a suitable person for the job because I have a good level of English .
Thank you so much
Yours faithfully ,
Ana Fanucci
Most people like to drive cars instead of using public transportation .
In my country , people go to work by own cars .
The underground metro in Riyadh is one of those projects .
Buses are much more convenient for driving kids to schools .
Public transport is a must and cars will never replace it .
Public transport or travelling by car ?
I think travelling by car is a very comfortable way to travel .
You only can go to your car , sit in it and drive away .
All what you need is a driving licence , a car and a little bit of luck that there is no traffic .
You have to be fast , if you want a seat to sit in , sometimes the trains are full of people and you have to stand the whole way !
It is really good , it is better than the previous novel , FSOGrey , i really mean it , It is not porn , BE GROWN UP PLEASE , when you do nt want to read the " sex parts " , just turn over the next every single page till it ends , that s all , i hve done like that to finish that novel , This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a sucessful business man , chairmen man with a stricly unhappy childhood , and he only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " , which is related to the his recently behaviour - BDSM . And the girl was seemed very bored of her rountine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life , Apparently , THEY were so diffirent from each other , but somehow , some magic connecting them to be a very lovely couple .
It would bug me if s1 did nt read it , to say that it is a porn novel .
Overall , it can be seen that the city has became more modern , with more transport and entertainment facilities .
One striking change is that a new station has been built , to connect the north of the city with the city centre and the road has been pedestrianized .
Another interesting redevelopment is that the factory was knocked down to make way for a shopping centre , and in the same way , so was for Church , which was pulled down to take place for a pub .
The urban areas were demolished , to make way for skyscrapers .
A final notable change is that a football stadium was erected in the south of the city in 2010 .
I like playing tennis .
I enjoy this sport because of its highly aerobic exercises .
A player is required to run all over the field to chase the ball and to return it to the opponent .
Thus , it is a game with a combination of brain and physical skills .
For people starting to do this sport , one can try to train individually .
It will be better , of course , to join a club or to get a trainer to guide you .
Information about the basic theory and technique on tennis can be gathered in the internet / books .
I exactly do n't understand why people want to learn about the private life of politicians and film stars .
I have to say that everybody has the right to have a private life , although they are famous .
Unfortunately , a lot of people are interested in others .
Megastars can run into bushy problems .
These happenings are not strange .
But the public wants to see famous politicians and stars in every situation .
For example , they want to see well - known people with her boyfriend / his girlfriend or want to see them in causal attire or want to see famous women without make - up .
Society thinks that they haven't got weakness and lack of ability .
And the media appear on the scene .
The media make use of this interest and , thanks to this , coin much money .
On the scene of TV , media closes their defects or removes .
Privacy invasion seems to be an absolute right of the media .
However , being able to protect themselves against an invasion of privacy is a fundamental human right of stars .
They give you the experience of flying in the sky or floating on the sea .
That is the experience you can not given by car .
You can not know it if you only travel by car .
Public transport is for many people to go to the same place .
More money can be saved as the cost can be shared with the people who are going to the same place .
Third , public transport is good for the environment .
The President of the United States of America , Mackinley , says that , regarding Cuba , he will not meddle until December .
The newspaper " Times " publishes an intercepted letter written by the Spanish Ambassador , Dupuy de Lowe , that will make him resign due to what he wrote about the USA .
Next , to the blow - up of the North American steamer , Maine , the Spanish commission created to investigate this explosion assures us that it could n't be done from the outside , but must have been done from the inside .
On the other hand , the USA commission brings their results to the Parliament without previously notify their results to Spain and with the opposite conclusion to that of the Spanish commission .
Later , the USA government affirms they do not want to conquer Cuba , but they demand Spain to sign an armistice with Cubans .
The Pope requests the Spanish army to cease immediately the hostilities in Cuba .
The Spanish Ministry of State publishes a Memorandum relating all the events and conflicts made by the USA to Cuba until the publishing date .
Also , this Memorandum specifies the origin of the conflict , which resides in the letter written by Lowe and the blow - up of the steamer Maine , the latter being remarked concerning the USA having rejected the Spanish proposition to carry out the arbitrage together .
The 21st of April EEUU denies the Spanish sovereignty over Cuba , the 23rd of April , Spain sends the Memorandum to several nations and on the 25th , the USA declares the war to Spain .
Keeping a Promise
It 'll show if you can be trusted or not .
So it is not just a fundamental element of being a good person , but also effects on your society .
I know how important of keeping promises is . I always try to keep them .
But the problem is , I do really care about my friends , so I always say " Yes " to my friends , because I do n't want to disappoint them .
And then I always have a lot of promises to keep , and it also makes me too busy to keep them .
That way you wo n't have lots of pressure , and you can be an honourable person .
I 'm glad you have graduated from the school and that you have plans to go to the university .
It 's good for you to take a year 's brake before continuing with your studies .
This way , you have the chance to relax and to think about what is best for you in the future .
I 'm also glad that you want to visit my country . You 'll find that it is a very beautiful one .
I 'm going to make you a very nice ittinerary and , hopefully , we 'll also find something for you to work .
First , I advise you to come and visit my hometown , because it is a nice one .
We 'll visit the Hall City Tower , the zoo , the citadelle , and we also have some beautiful parks with a lot of green grass and old trees .
Then we can go visit the Fortress in Sighisoara , which is the only fortress in Europe to be actually inhabited .
On the next days , we can go and visit a salt mine at Praid and The Bear Lake , which is a salt lake in Sovata .
I also recommend you to visit Brasov and The Black Church , The Peles Castle and , why not , The Black Sea .
We can go hiking and climbing .
I assure you you 'll have a good time in my country .
My Husband ...
My husband is so annoying , sometimes he keep talking and talking without any goal , he drops his dirty socks and clothes all over the house and always shouting for lunch , he sleeps in the middle of good movies and important subjects and snores while sleeping .. all he wants to do is too eat and sleep .
he says I shop too much , but the fact is , he does n't want to spend money , he has stopped buying me flowers and chocolates and he has stopped being romantic .
after all of that , he keep asking why I have changed with him !
The fact is , he is not the same man I have married and that issue upsets me so much .
he keep saying " I love you " but I do n't feel it any more , I sacrifice my life in my lovely country for him and left my family to be with him , but it seems like it was one huge mistake , as I feel like I am living with a stranger and he is nothing like the man he promised me to be .
anyway , I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once , especially that we have the most amazing reason to live for ; its our beautiful son , our angel and the amazing love of our life .
Despite some people would suggest that such a service has no future because people are more rely on the car , as it is convenient , it is my personal belief that public transport should continue and has its future .
Firstly , the society today are more concerned about being environmentally friendly .
This is a worth seeing be concerned because air pollution has a negative impact on our health and the ecosystems .
The more cars on the road , the more green house gases are produced .
For example , if a bus can carry 100 passengers , at least 25 cars can be reduced on the road , solved the problem of traffic jam .
In addition , scientists and engineers are working hard to invent and improve the vehicles , so they become less harmful to the environment .
The second argument is more related to everyone and has great influence .
For those who do not drive , public transport is extremely important .
There are thousands of students who travel with public transport to school everyday because they can not drive and their parents do not have time to drive them .
Moreover , insurance , petrol , and repair fees are very expensive .
Not everyone can afford it .
In conclusion , I believe that public transport should have a future .
Professionals are continuing to develop a better vehicle to make it eco - friendly , and there are still many people who rely on public transport .
This is the only way to maintain our mental health and not to fall into depression .
We can say for sure that stars and celebrities are also people .
What is more , celebrities , as ordinary people , need some time to rest and some time to build deep relationship with others .
As ordinary people , they need someone to take care of them , someone to share their feelings with .
It does not matter what amount of money is in their accounts .
They are not able to buy real relationships such as friendship and love .
They can gain fame and admiration thanks to their skills , but their stage personality is more like a powerful creation .
Sometimes , in everyday life , they are not even interesting in terms of character and appearance .
We all go through hardships and failures .
But this should not reach a level that it lets us fall into mental disorders .
That is why a private life is so important , especially for stars , who are assessed all the time by society .
Hi ,
what 's up ?
It was fantastic !
I 've met a few nice people and we had a great time with them .
Then I helped with organization and selling tickets .
I love to help people and the best thing was that I meet members of the band and have the autographs !
Love ,
Aga
Learning new languages is becoming a priority for young people , because most of them go to study abroad and work with foreign countries .
I believe that knowing more languages is always better . that way , people have a lot more culture and are more knowledgeable .
Those are the people who know their way around life .
Another great reason for knowing languages is that people will like and respect you .
You will also develop your mind and learn new things .
So knowing a lot of languages could be very useful in life .
On the other hand , learning languages is not always practical .
It turns out that learning a foreign language may be pointless .
In conclusion , learning languages may be very handy , but can also be a killing time activity .
So it 's nice to know other languages , but just those you will really need .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I have worked at schools in Spain and I have first - hand knowledge about organising sports and activities .
We could learn new activities from each other .
I am a good cook .
For that reason , I think I can help in the kitchen .
I could also share with everyone some Spanish recipes .
Nevertheless , I realize this is not the ideal reference .
See my curriculum vitae , enclosed , for more details .
I would love to answer any question you could ask through this email address , qq@gmail.com , and this mobile phone number , 666666666 . I would be delighted to attend an interview whenever you see fit .
Yours faithfully ,
Indiana Jones
At his 5th day of his trip , he hiked up a very high mountain , but weirdly , he never seen any people .
He went in and found an old man standing there .
The man spoke , " Welcome " .
It was like breathing in a forest .
Really Happy .
Michael went into a couple of rooms until I spotted a room written ' Anger ' .
He stepped into the room .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I do n't know why people love spying on famous people .
And magazines are full of those things .
For example , when a fan follow the cab , she or he could be hurt , because the traffic is really unpredicable , or when there is a huge mass of fans , they could hurt each other .
Yesterday , I saw in the magazine a photo of Sarah Jessica Parker on which she was walking with her dog .
She is only a human being ! "
Why is it that when men stalk a women they forbid him to come closer to her , but when a papparazi hide in the car of a celebrity , he will get a huge pack of bucks for the photos ?
I 'm going to talk about social networks .
Years ago , we used to get through with other people by ringing them up or texting messages by our mobile phone and , as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate by social networks such as twitter , facebook , whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news , social issues by twitter instead of newspapers , for instance , it 's usually to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings the news by his smartphone , an image so far from years back .
We also can have more knowledge about current issues by Facebook pages , which are not considered appropriate by some TV programmes , such as political discussions , strikes , the economy ... As far I am concerned , the nowadays population know more about what 's going on in the world than in previous years .
One example of this could be North Corea or some Arab countries , where their Government ban to have access Internet to citizens , in other words , they want to mislead the people about reality avoiding the population could claim bu this nets or being up in arms against their system .
On the other hand , we can get more information about our known and unknown people who are our friends by facebook , uploading photos at any time , taking a coffee , watching a football match or spending summertime somewhere .
You can follow to your favourite celebrities and have a direct interaction , but this also has negative consequences such as some followers critise to them .
He was born with a silver spoon on his mouth .
He has everything : the looks , the brains and the charm , but he has never felt contented .
Everything has been easy for him , he is used to get what he wanted .
He thinks that life 's a game and he should surely win , whatever it takes .
But that was until he met Celine .
She was describe as the plain Jane of the campus .
One day , in the silence of nowhere , while Celine was reading a book , she felt someone beside her .
' Excuse me ? '
Curiosity was written all over her face . '
Yes ? '
she responded . '
I 'm Michael , nice to meet you ' he said ..
She knows him .
Uh yeah . I know you ' she said .
Michael thought it would just be easy talking to this girl .
The word beautiful is not enough to describe her .
he blurted out . '
No ' she replied .
She stood up , packed her things and went out of the library .
Michael was surprised .
She had just challenged him .
The past two weeks of Celine 's life changed in just a blink of an eye .
Michael did n't give up on asking her out .
Rumors spread that easily .
If he wants to play , then she will give him the best game he could and would ever have .
Two months had passed since the day they dated .
She baked a cake for him because she wanted to thank him for the flowers she received yesterday .
One of the things she knew about him is that Michael loves to surprise people , that 's why she wants to surprised him too .
' Do you still plan on finishing our bet or the rumor is true Michael ? You have fallen to Miss Jane ? ' it was Nicolaih Heindric 's voice . '
I 'll do it .
Just be patient .
I ca n't wait to have that car of yours ' , Michael said .
The next day , while Michael is on his pad watching tv , he heard his door bell rang , he was surprised to receive someone now .
The last time he remember he had never invited anyone .
He would like to invite Celine , but he knew she would decline to him again and he 's not ready to be alone with her .
Maybe he 's too coward to admit it , but yes , he 's inlove with Celine .
He tried to deny it to his friends because he knew the moment he told them the truth Celine 's life would change .
He just loves that girl so much that he would protect her from everything .
When he open the door , he was more surprised to see who 's on the door .
He opened the door wider and let her in with a big smile on his face .
Celine came in and kissed him aggressively .
Everything felt amazing and beautiful .
All they could hear was them kissing . '
I love you so much ' Michael blurted out after what they did , then hug her .
He felt a liquid falling on his shoulders . "
Is it raining ? , "
he asked himself .
He realised that it was n't raining .
Those were Celine 's tears . '
Everything was just a bet , right ? ' Celine said .
I should n't have believed you .
I 'm just so stupid to believe guys like you .
Now you have what you wanted . '
Celine said with a broken voice and a broken heart . '
Look away .
I 'm going to dress now ' , Celine added .
The next thing he knew is that she was gone , not only on his pad , but also from his life .
He had just lost the girl he loved for the first time .
Tears started to fall from his eyes .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
In the presentday community , shopping is one of the most important part of life .
For some of us trade is a thing you do for a living , but other people treat shopping like a good thing to spend time doing and they are enjoying it very much .
Things are getting more and more expensive and I am really disappointed when I must go out of the shop with nothing and , furthermore , it gives me a big amount of sadness .
The last , but not least , reason against enjoyable shopping is that I have to travel a lot to a store in which I can buy everything I want .
Of course , I might go to a few different shops , but without a driving license , travelling is a tough task .
There are lots of good places to visit in Brazil .
Beautiful and important places for the history of this amazing tropical country .
The place set out important concerts , presentations and international festivals until nowadays .
The theater is famous not just because of its age , but also because it was built in the middle of the jungle .
During the rubber age , there was no urban life around the build , which is completely different from today , of course , since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that have the same age of the theater and it is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families are used to go to appreciate the breeze in the end of a warm day and during the night .
It is really worth visiting the Amazon Theater in Manaus , taking pictures and having good stories to tell in your life .
If you live in a small village , you may know the sport I do .
In big cities , there 's a similar Sport called Basketball and this one is more for Boys .
After our Trainer Nico , shows us a lot of tipps an tricks .
In winter , we have some games every two weeks , where our friends are visitors .
In the last season , we reached the second place .
To sum up , I hope to see you soon by a game .
In the reading passage , the writer provides several theories about the purpose of the carved stone balls .
However , the lecturer points out the problems in all his assertions .
Firstly , the author holds that the stone balls were possibly used in hunting or fighting .
If they were used as weapons , they should be broken up or divided into pieces .
Secondly , the writer claims that the stone balls might be us as standard weights to measure things .
Nevertheless , the lecturer contends that the theory is indefensible .
It is because different stones have different densities that their weights are different , though they are uniform in the same size .
Moreover , in general , an artifact of social symbol is buried with its owner after he or she died .
Life is changing every day and in the next fifty years a lot of things will happen .
Science is developing very quickly and nowadays scientists are discovering new things .
In the future , some dangerous diseases such as Cancer or Aids will be treated , and there will be no worries about them .
I assume that another problem will be robots , because little by little they will capture the world and they will become human 's enemy , and that would be one of the possibilities in the future .
In conclusion , I would say that developing is not very good for human , and little by little the world will be demolished by human errors .
' The Go - between ' by L.P.Hartley
This is an original and moving love story that has people who are agaisnt the relationship between the main characters .
And this story was told from the point of view of Leo Colston , the lead character .
Moreover , the whole story happens in the 20th century during a trip that Leo does and he calls it the best century of his life .
So , there he meets the oldest - gorgeous Marcus ' sister and he immediately falls in love and since then the go - between appears in the story .
Throughout the marketing and advertising , we want to encourage young people who enjoy surfing the dissemination of the best beaches of this city to practice it with others that may have .
Key words : ecotourism , marketing , track , the Guarujá beaches , tourism .
Firstly , having a car makes travelling much easier .
A car gives comfort because you can personalise your space and your ride .
All the same , a car is also a necessity today , because very often that is the only means to get to where you need to go .
However , public transport is not threatened by the car .
It will even get more popular because it will be faster , more modern , and cheaper than a travellng by car .
It was the worst night we had ever had .
We were thinking that by meeting there we will have a funny night in friends , but we were very wrong .
When we arrived , we saw an old house where Michael lived .
He was waiting for us outside .
At first , we did n't think that something bad was going to happen .
Michael looked very nervous too .
There were two bodies in that place .
Then , Michael tried to hide their bodies in a room , without knowing that his mum was alive .
When we saw that , we escaped as fast as we could , and we saw as his mum walking to find Michael , like a zombie .
We never see him again , I think that when Michael closed the door , and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
The best thriller I have ever read
It was long time ago when I have read this book , but it was so good and exciting that it 's still in my mind .
There is also a film based on the book .
After she finds out that her mother has committed a suicide because of some kind of fraud , she decides to revenge her but she gets into a prison .
After she comes out , she decides to make another revenge because of the same reason .
It has a lot of intrigues and a lot of to think about what 's going to happen next .
I would recommend this book to the people of all ages , because it has something for everyone .
It is serious enough for the older ones and it has a romantic side for the younger ones .
Dear Sir ,
I hope this letter finds you in good health .
I think I would be the right person for such a job .
The following thing are worth noting about me .
This organization taught us how to deal with children , and how to make their lives happier and more joyful .
In addition , we were also taught how to organize sports and activities for them in a way they will enjoy .
Believe me , you will never regret choosing me .
Razan Salib
Everything happened that summer I spent in Egypt .
My mother had found a new job in some ancient ruins , right in the middle of the desert . I should mention that she was an important archaeologist , known all over the world , and she had to travel to every corner on Earth .
I used to spend my whole holidays at my grandparents ' country house , surrounded by green fields , forest and rivers , but when I turned eighteen my mother thought I was old enough to take a plane on my own and stay with her for a month .
I did n't expect to find anything else than sand , heat and tourists on my way across the desert , even though I was leading myself to a patch of water among leagues of wasteland , the oasis of Faiyum .
When I managed to reach the outside , I had a taxi waiting for me , probably sent by my mother , so at least I did n't have to look for another one in the stifling heat of the city .
On the other hand , the taxi did n't even have air conditioning , so I spent the two hours of the journey trying to fan myself with a magazine I borrowed from the driver .
I reached the hotel well in the afternoon , nevertheless , the air was still oppressive and hot like at midday .
Even though I had to bear the climate , I was happy with being able to see my mother more often than I used to in past summers .
Introduction
The aim of this report is to give some tips for tourist who come to the city . I will provide you with some pieces of advice about shopping for clthes in the city , as long as some recommendations .
Fashion and luxury
In the city there are many fashion shops where you can get the most trendy clothes . You must be aware that maybe you will spend more money than expected , but if you are a shopaholic , it will be woth it .
In addition , they often have discounts and offers , so you can get some bargains is you look into the wardrobes .
Linda is a modern shop where you can find the latest fashion in Milano and luxury complements from the most well - known companies .
Every Monday there is a street market in the central square .
If the idea of a street marke does not seduced you , I recommend you visiting a is a little shop in Saint Peter street , The Old Bag , where you can buy bags and other complements , such as umbrellas , gloves and scarfs .
Recommendations
If you are a fashion lover you should visit Linda and Nany 's .
I recommend you having a look inside , just in case .
By contrast , If you are more lickely to save money , the best option in the street market .
I suggest a quick visit to every shop and make comparations in price and quality .
A group of young people from abroad will be visiting my home town for three months .
I have chosen the two most popular places to have a good time in my town .
The first place would be the " Culture Centre " and the second one is the " Sports Centre " .
In the " Culture Centre " , your young visitors will be able to join daily cultural activities , such as theater , cinema and drawing classes , whereas in the " Sports Centre " , they will have an opportunity to join many sports activities , such as bowling , swimming , athletics and karate classes .
The course would be three times a week only , and fully paid by the Polish government .
In short , a trip to Poland will be an unforgettable experience for your students .
However , they should be aware of the high costs of living in my town .
When I think in food , the first thought it comes to my mind is ham , it brings back memories of the Christmas 2012 .
In recent years , I have been buying the ham in a shop in Cáceres which is hugely popular and I really enjoy seeing that my family is delighted , but overall , I enjoy seeing my niece , who is still a child , eating ham .
Every year , in my house , we play the same role : my mother and my sister prepare different plates for Christmas dinner , and I am highly probably to be the one responsible for carrying those plates from the kitchen to the dining room , because the rest of the family is lost in their conversations trying to save the world .
It was while I was coming in and out from the kitchen that I found my niece standing on a side of the table eating ham .
I do n't know how she took the plate from the centre of the table and put it in front of her , but she had started to eat it , without asking anyone .
It was an unforgettable moment , I was looking at her , slightly excited because she was eating alone without help and fast , which was and still is , unusual coming from her .
Unfortunately , it 's not possible because of the costs that the Economic System would be compelled to support .
So , people often prefer using the car and paying for oil instead of the bus ticket but having more advantages : not to be constricted to wait for the buses and not to have to take a taxi in the night when they come back from the disco , for example ..
Recently , in many towns , there is also a new system for moving around the city .
It 's a cheap service and it 's very appreciated from people who needs a car not every day but only for a little time .
So I think that , in a short time , cars will take the place of the public transport .
In the beginning , one of them , looks for a job by asking to the boyfriend sister , but fortunately , his friend convince him to find another work .
Of course , they are much more older than the other candidates , and when the staff control their curriculum only one member confirm their candidature .
Despite everything , they could take part to the competition .
Of course , when the groups arrange themselves , the two old men remain alone and they are forced to create a group with the discards .
Of course , on paper , this group haven't a chances , but the events will demonstrate something of different .
This film is interested because it drafts work problems , but not only for this ; it also transmits some important values , like , the importance of the solidarity , the group cohesion and the importance of not to lose the fait in dreams , even if the situation is withstands .
Of course , there are also negative observations about this film : for example , there are some pornographic scenes in the middle of the story : they are n't interesting and they during so much time .
In addition , some situations of the film are taken from the high school movie .
In conclusion , this film is plain and a little discounted but , in the same time , a light and funny film to watch during the summer with some friends .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very happy to hear that you have chosen to come to my country ! I 'm sure you 'll love it because you had a great time the last time you came .
So you can see nearly all of Spain in a month and it is quite worth , according to my best friend .
The problem is that you have to book the hotels you want to stay in so yoou need some time to prepare it .
You should bring summer clothes , because it 's very hot at his time of the year , and some jackets , since the north of this country can be a little chilly too .
I think you 're suitable for this job as you can speak German , English and French .
It may help you to choose what to study at university , as I know you haven't decided your mind yet .
If you do n't like this idea , there is an excellent website which offers a lot of jobs and maybe you will find something interesting .
Yours sincerely .
I think that there are different types of famous people .
If something changes in your life it will be a notice in television , and people will invent rumours about you .
You can not know if people take interest in you because they are real fans or is a person who wants to take advantage of you .
There are other famous people who do not appear in television and they are chased by reporters .
To summarize , if you expose yourself to television you will not have a private life .
The best way to keep it is not to be a famous person .
To whom it may concern ,
I would like to apply for the job of instructor in the USA Summer Camp as advertised in the newspaper .
For me , this is very pleasant because I like being with children and it is a challenge for me .
Moreover , I am very active and hardworking , as you request .
In addition , I am very funny and always I am joking .
I think this job is perfect for me because I love children and sport .
Also , I feel that I can be a positive incorporation in the Summer Camps .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Enric E.
The house , which in we will be life in the future , would be full of complicated to use computers and robots .
The Televion of the future will be amiazing , because it will have a 3D projector , what makes that movies will look extremely realistic .
Remarkable will be of course robots , which will help us in every day responsibilities , for instance , in cooking delicious dishes , cleaning every thing in the house or even in washing and ironing clothes .
Hi ,
You can see , for example , tigers , lions , zebras , birds , pinguins or horses .
In the chateau there is an exhibition of snakes and spiders .
And the reasons for visiting our zoo ?
It 's a beautiful place for every generations in nature and you can spend there all day .
But the main reason is , that Zlín zoo is one of the biggest zoos in the Czech Republic and , in my opinion , the most beautiful .
Love ,
Jitka
It is argued that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
On my opinion , sometimes stars ' behaviour is very suprising .
To illustrate my point of view I want to give some examples .
On the one hand , famous people intend to protect their private live , but on the other hand they want to be followed by paparazzi .
First of all , being on the covers of rags help them make their more attractive for directors .
The other reason is that actors want to be recognisable , because popularity give the possibility to earn more money .
Hollywood fees depend not only on skills but first of all on the fame of this person .
Film stars have very duties , for example , going to the parties organized by other people from show buissness .
Hi , How are you ?
And as a sports lover I am glad to be informed about the latest matches of the international leagues like the " NBA " , " Premium League " and also the " National League " because of my deep love of sports .
I watch tv about 5 hours a day and in the weekends for about 6 hours because I can stay in bed till late .
I watch some football matches repetitions and Comedy Shows .
What about you ?
How is everybody there ?
What is your favourite programme ?
And I would like to know what is the most popular programme among teenagers in your country .
I hope you will write back soon .
Love ,
Lautaro
House no 26
Lal colony
Jabalpur(M.P )
2nd January 2017
Dear friend ,
Thank you for inviting me
to your engagement party .
I am very happy because you are finally getting engaged .
You are very lucky in choosing a life partner . I have seen your life partner . She is so beuityfull .You both have a perfect match .
Once more . I am saying sorry .
I am sending you a gift . Please accept it .
Please send me some engagement photographs .
Talk to me on video conferencing after the party .
Thank you
Subham babu .
I enjoyed the past summer holiday , it is entertaining and I usually travel around Hong Kong with my family during the weekends .
I have been to several places during the holiday , including the airport , Mui Wo , West Kowloon Cultural District , etc .
Furthermore , it can also improve my language skills .
I usually watch television programs from the Discovery Network at night .
Besides , I find those programs talking about building massive structures and science interesting and I learnt some knowledge from those programs .
As I am a member of the Robotics Team , I went to school for 3 days during the summer holiday to prepare for a competition on fourth of October .
Despite the hard work , I enjoyed the process of preparing for the competition a lot .
Nowadays , the level of our life has become higher .
We are looking for better conditions everywhere .
So a public transport is not an exception .
Basically , there are a lot of drawbacks to using this kind of transport .
First of all is a traffic jam , if you stick in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much more time then you expected on the road . Bisedes , a public transport are overloaded at rush hours .Another downside is that most of buses are old and dirty .
That 's why people choose travelling by car , because it ' is more convenient and fast .
ALL ABOUT ME
My name is Alexander Engström .
I am 12 years old and I was born on September , 12 2003 .
I have one big sister , Anisa , she is 18 years old , and I also have two younger sisters ; Alicia , 8 years old and Isabel , 4 years old .
The reason why I love to ski is the freedom I feel when I ski and it is also my type of sport .
Green And Clean Environment
Introduction
Schools and Offices
On the one hand , if you belong to a School you can participate by giving information to the children about the cathastrophic image our village would have if we do not reduce the pollution in the minimum range .
It could be the place where you work or your house .
Recycling
In case you do not have time to help with that kind of activities , there is a rule you must follow .
You have to throw away every single thing you have in the correct container in order to recycle them .
Recommendations
My recommendation is to invest in a good cleaning machine , consequently we will not have to spend hours cleaning the streets .
The most attractive resource in Cáceres is its heritage .
Almost , Cáceres has a great offer if someone wants to buy other things like clothes , souvenirs and art .
Garlic is a plant , a member of the lily family , with an odor and a taste characteristic .
The slaves , who constructed the pyramids , were fed with garlic , because the Egyptians believed that garlic would make the workers stronger , so they could work harder .
In the Roman and Greek cultures , people believed in garlic 's magic powers to avoid the Evil .
In the Middle Ages , sailors carried garlic with them to help them endure long periods in the seas .
At least 23 different types of bacteria were tested .
It can explain , too , why the use of garlic was a good option to prevent gangrene in WWI .
Another experiment demonstrated a positive effect of garlic in the blood system .
It was demonstrated that garlic has a compound that can make the blood " thinner " .
This can be used to prevent heart attack and stroke .
Therefore , include garlic in the diet can really be beneficial for health , as some cultures believed .
There are a lot of campaigns going on globally .
Is it worth all the time , energy and money spent in convincing people to be responsible to their environment ?
Yes , indeed !
I recently joined a campaign program in Manila , Philippines , dedicated to protecting and preserving our natural resources .
I believe that if we aim for a change , then the change should start with us .
Maybe we can not convince the whole world to participate in helping the environment right away , but it can begin with ourselves .
Secondly , I turn off the faucet and the switches when not in use .
Thirdly , I segregate my rubbish .
At home , I have separate garbage bins for paper , plastic and organic wastes .
All in all , I think that helping our environment does n't have to be a big time . We should be aware of the fact that mother earth is irreplaceable nor irrevocable .
We have the time now to do what is necessary .
That is a small start , but it will eventually reap a huge outcome .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
My name is Juan Farías and I am writing to apply for a course at the Effective Learning School .
To begin with , I would like to tell you that I am really interested in the course because I think it would provide me with some professional advantages have in my career as a school teacher .
Learning languages is increasingly important in the teaching sector , so I want to improve it .
I would be able to spend three months in a intensive course in the spring .
I reckon my weak points are speaking and listening skills . Nevertheless , I would be also interested in working over writing and grammar points .
Although I am in my late forties I am still very active , so I like practising sports , music and going to the cinema as well .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Juan Farías
He had chosen to study in Amsterdam because he loves that city , it 's his dream city and he loves canals and the Amsterdam 's lifestyle .
One day , he went out with a couples of friends , they went to a night club called " Miami beach".They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful girl and she could n't take her eyes of him , so he decided to go and talk to her .
She was very kind and she was smiling all the time , he offered her a drink and late in the night they went to her house , where they spend the night together .
He started to panic and put his clothes on and walked to the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I heard a noise .
Moved by my curiosity , i dug up and found a paper which contained a map .
I did nt know what i was going to find at the end of my hunt , but this idea made the situation even more exciting .
A few meters ahead , i saw a blinding light and i realized that i was nt alone because i could hear the sound of the music and people talking .
Dazzled by the sun , when i opened my eyes , i realized that i was in a wonderful funfair .
Dear group leader ,
I am writing in connection with your stay in Cracow .
I know you 're looking for an interesting place to visit , so I want to offer you a place where you can rest , have a lot of fun and spend a great time with your group .
On the face of it , it sounds childishly , but I think it 's a good way to spend free time , even for adults .
There are many carousels , go - carts , slides .
I 'm thinking of an aqua park where you can not only swim but also take advantage of SPA , jacuzzi , sauna .
The amusement park and aqua park are located close the centre , so you do n't have to go far away .
I hope that you will take advantage of my proposal .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
The picture shows clearly the process of making bank notes .
As is shown in the picture , we can obviously see that four main steps make up the process .
In this stage , they pay attention to the colour , and special ink and images slightly raised is necessary .
The last but most important step is the ispection .
In this step , the workers should be able to tell the good quality sheets from the band ones .
dispatched .
When the sheet is partly damaged , it will also be cut into banknotes .
The difference is , the good part will be kept while the bad part will be destroyed .
So , I 've tried to translate your French on Google translator and I 've could n't understand what you mean about my English and Google translator . I 'm used to write English and I have an at am intermediate level .
I use Google translator to find an equivalent word to a Spanish word sometimes .
Anyway , if you want to know my level , I can tell you I 've finished the level B1 .
I will start the level B2 on the next course .
Mirotic , Ibaka , Claver , Marc Gasol ( and his younger brother is all a promise ) . Therefore , we 'll have Paul Gasol 's brothers at least for ten years more , but also , Felipe Reyes , Rudy Fernadez , Sergio Rodriguez , Sergio Llul , Calderón are young still .
About Ricky Rubio :
You just have to search on Youtube and you 'll find a lot of videos .
He 's improving his game in a spectacular way .
Indeed , his team was almost at the end of the NBA teams , whilst they are in the middle position now .
It is n't only that he 's a very good player ( He is :D ) , but also , thanks to his style of play , his assists , and points has served as a lever to his team , that has improved dramatically .
He began to play as a professional in Spain when he was 14 years old , and he began in our national team when he was 17 years old .
His current team is preparing him physically in the gym , his physical form has improved a lot and now he is faster , stronger and he 's still 23 years old .
The " Di roma reataurant " is a restaurant situated in the heart of a small village , " Monção " . It is very popular , between teenagers and adults who love to eat pizza or any other fast food .
As you enter the place you are welcomed by a magnificent setting , a lot of paintings of the city .
Sitting in any table , you have a wonderful view of the workshop - like kitchen , where you can see the chefs working , so you can see how they make the food that you will eat .
All fast food dishes are home - made .
The chefs take great care in selecting the best - quality ingredients .
The service is always great , the clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is done , while clients are waiting they always give them a Indian food .
I had a pleasant dining experience with food of the most exquisite flavours .
For this reason , I highly recommend going to Di Roma restaurant .
Hi Jairwoo ,
However , I 'm Andrea and I 'm from Italy .
I 've followed you for 2 months and I really love your style !
I would like to make my own style but I do n't know where to begin !
whenever I search on Google for " men fashion " , I only find stuff for mature men .
Thank you so much !
Here are some of my reasons for thinking that public transport is important .
Firstly , it is very good for the environment because it reduces a lot of carbon dioxide gasses which , if everybody took the car instead of taking public transport , would pollute the atmosphere .
Secondly , travelling in public transport makes it much easier to travel at rush hours or on those moments in which you should not take the car .
Finally , it is a good way of travelling because it is safer than travelling in a car or in a motorbike and also in the way that you are much more relaxed than in a car and it saves time , too .
To conclude , public transport is good for the environment , it makes it much easier and cheaper to travel , and it , in some way , saves lives .
For those reasons and some others , I think that public transport must be there for many years to come .
Hello .
I am going to talk about my country .
I live in the capital of Sweden , Stockholm .
It is a big city with more than one million people .
Danderyd is n't inside the city .
It 's some kilometers outside of it .
Because Danderyd is n't in the city , it 's very much nature and nice people .
So Sweden is located in the north part of Europe .
Between Norway and Finland .
Around 9 - 10 million people .
Anyway , about one thousand years ago , Sweden , Denmark , Finland and Norway was Vikings .
They sailed to France and England to plunder .
The Vikings where feared from most people in Europe , but they where also merchants and explorers .
If you are at the most northern part of Sweden , it 's always day in the summer and always night in the winter .
Also , when it 's winter you can see something called the northern light .
It 's a strange light in the sky in different colours that is very beautiful .
Some people just travel to Sweden just to see it .
In Sweden we have very good education .
It 's hard for young people to find jobs in Sweden .
It 's called Spotify and it have grown super big .
There is also another free program that is called Skype , where you can talk to eachother and text eachother totally free !
The gaming community in the world is growing fast and most of the boys that have a computer play games .
In Sweden , gaming is really big and there is also one game maker that have made a game called BF , or Battle Field .
We in Sweden are also very proud of our best football player , Zlatan .
He 's one of the best football players in the world and is really popular both in Sweden and in other countries , especially in Europe .
Even though we have a lot to be proud of , we need to make a lot of things better .
In Sweden , we have a lot of different people from different kultures .
Not the majority , of course , but there are many razists .
Also , as I said before , we need more jobs .
My home country is Hong Kong , which is a former British colony .
The location of Hong Kong is in Asia , and its location seems to be a bridge between China and the worldwide .
From the 1980 's , it is developed as an international financial centre and so many global investors have set up their headquarters in there .
The Hong Kong government has invested lots of capital to develop a better education system for building a knowledge - based society and the better future .
It is providing a 12-year free education to every child and they must be educated for at least 9 years .
Going places is of paramount importance for people , and going quickly even more so ; that 's why I think public transport is not the most efficient way to go places .
All this makes using the car much more convenient , due to the fact that not only do you leave when you want , but also straight away from the very door of your own house .
When you go by car you may control your timing , stop at will , and if you go with someone else , it may be cheaper : provided the cost of the journey will be the same , no matter how many passengers you take with you ; while on public transport you should pay for a ticket for every single rider .
Anyway , to tell you the truth , I 'd rather take a train , for instance , it means travelling in a relaxing way , not running risks of accidents , having the chance to read or play " travelling " chess , meeting new people , as in a stage coach but moving faster .
Dear Sir / Madam
Though my mother tongue is Spanish , my English is fluent and I am versatile with different languages .
Throughout my work history and studies , I have displayed excellent teamwork and people - oriented skills , which I believe are crucial capacities in an administrative position .
In terms of my suitability for reception and administrative roles , I am organized , amiable and helpful .
Therefore , I consider myself competent and optimistic to respond to the challenge offered by the post of receptionist in your language school .
I have recently moved to York and am available for an immediate start .
Please do not hesitate to contact me for any further information or to arrange a personal meeting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
I do n't know what I have to say , but the only thing that I know is that my English pronunciation is not very good .
I want to tell her too many things about my feelings toward her , but I do n't know how to say that .
Now I have decided to improve my writing skills , because once it became improved , I would be very happy and I think that my ideas ' expression will be good .
So , now I have two main purposes .
The first one is to study a lot of Grammer lessons , and the second one is to learn how to organize my ideas for a long period of time speaking .
Thank you for sending me the correct form of my writing , and I am really appreciate that very much .
His name is Mohamed , but he is normally called Franco , an easier name to use in Italy , the Country where he is working .
Mohamed is from Senegal , He is 33 years old , and graduated in education with a master in education for children and people with special needs .
He completed his studies six years ago , but since then he was unable to find a proper employment in his Country .
Therefore , he decided to migrate , looking for better job opportunities .
Despite his high qualified studies in education , Mohamed had to carry on a job in a completely different field .
The phenomenon of the immigration of people from Africa to Europe seeking better opportunities has become common in the last decades .
However , nowadays , even in the rich Western Europe , many highly qualified European graduates struggle to find an employment .
Such a phenomenon is also worsened by the education curriculum adopted in many schools , which has failed to adapt to the changes brought about in the society by globalization .
Schools and job markets are often separated like two different worlds .
My name is Chloé Dubé and I am both Italian and French .
I go cycling and running regularly so I think I could define myself as a sportswoman .
I am a passionate reader , in particular of thrillers and French poetry .
My passion for travels goes back in years to when I was just a child : As I am a curious person , I like tasting new foods and discover new places .
I like to think of myself as a go - getter , so I always try to keep myself active .
I am not a class act , yet I try to do my best , so if I have to work in a team I am the mover and shaker of the group .
However , as I tend to be set in my ways , sometimes I can appear a know - it - all or too pragmatic .
Therefore , I think this experience of three months can offer me a unique chance of growing as a person and better understand if I am actually ready to be 100% independent .
I think this experience is the challenge that I need in order to become more mature and responsible .
I believe that this project is the smartest way to spend my summer .
Indeed , following a routine of work would allow me to put my mind in gear and study two or three hours a day .
In addition , probably this project is the best chance of really getting to know more about the Baltic Republics .
A couple of years ago , I have spent a couple of weeks in Bright with Ef .
During this period , I have shared a room with two Finnish girls in a foster family .
Therefore , I would be more than willing to share this experience with another student .
As on the 6th of September there is going to be the university entry test for Medicine , I will have to flight back to Italy for a couple of days .
In my spare time I am the baby - sitter of an adorable boy who is only 6 years old .
Last year , I did some graphic designs for the website of a society called SHIPinSPACE .
In addition , last year , I participated in a stage at the ASL of Rivoli .
I am going to repeat the experience in March at the local hospital .
Shopping is not always enjoyable .
Why ?
Because , when we decided to go for a shopping and we have an idea what we want to buy and it appears that we ca n't find what we want , we are disappointed and frustrated .
For example , when they find what they want , or find something in a smaller size , or just find a trifle and are happy .
As we know it , for women shopping is the best way to relax , but for men , it is just a torture .
Because everybody drive their cars and motorcycles on the road that the traffic jam will not only be the serious problem to the government but will also be the safe problem to citizens .
Therefore , the government need to make a good traffic policy to ensure citizen 's safety and welfare of have the privilege of driving on the road .
If there is so much vehicle on the road , it may cause several problems .
One is that people may be stuck in the traffic jam during the rush hours , the second is the more vehicle on the road that means the more exhaust fumes would be emitted into the air , the last and the most important problem is that the gas and oil would be depleted .
In a result , I think if traveling only by car is not a wise choice for the earth , although it is convenient .
But we need to think that there is a better way to protect the earth and human 's environment , such as riding a bicycle or waiting for an environmental - friendly car being invented .
No future for public transport ?
Cars are more common on city roads .
In addition , most of the people are not used to walking on foot even in short distances .
In big cities , where people live a more isolated life and are always in a hurry .
Even though there are more and more cars on the roads , I do not think this tendency will completely reduce the demand for public transportation for the following reasons :
Traffic jams cause many problems in big cities .
In those cities where the number of the residents is over a million , the public transport system is widely used .
One of the most widely used is the subway .
There are many people who have experienced a carcrash , or are just simply afraid of driving , so they prefer to use public transport system .
Those people who has mental or other serious illness does n't allowed or are not able to drive a car , for them , the public transport system is necessary .
Not to mention that driving a car means you are responsible for your passengers ' life and it is less about convenience , even if travelling by car means you do n't need to adjust to other passengers .
I 'm from Ecuador , a country surrounded by a great number of natural resources .
We are an underdeveloped country , like other countries says , a " third world country " , but I 'm happy about that .
Why ?
Seeing all of it , we will change our future , doing different things that they have done .
Recently , my country is starting to develop their resources , our renewable energy , such as wind , solar , hydropower , geothermal energy .
Nowadays , we really focus on how we can extract this energy , but not in other important things , like the way that we can start to use it , the correct use that we could give of them or how we can reuse the energy .
Traditional energies are focus on give to big cities all the resources .
Also , it is a big opportunity to help them .
It is difficult to understand a sectoral development where the global interest is in big cities , without looking after and help the surroundings .
Nowadays , my country have started to build a great number of hydroelectric , wind parks and we are also starting to think on geothermal energy .
All of that require further studies have been done and , with that , we could know the feasibility of the projects and the size of them .
Implementation takes time and money , but if the project does not work , all of that could be spent in vain .
It is like to make friendship with nature and knows that what it needs of us and show it what we need of it .
Trying to take care of it , extracting only the necessary and trying to cause the least possible damage .
As I said before , all of it needs time and a great number of studies .
Starting to an take interest in alternative energy and try to see forms to use it in your native country is the first step .
The implementation of projects does not need to be only for spending money .
Done in a good way , the implementation of projects helps to improve citizens ' lifes .
I live in one of the most polluted city in India and which is also the capital of India , i.e. Delhi .
However , the city has taken various steps and measures to keep it clean and green .
It makes it mandatory for the inter - city buses , commercial vehicles and other heavy vehicles to use Compressed Natural Gas ( CNG)instead of diesel .
Burning of leaves and other waste products have also been made a punishable offences .
A large number of huge capacity waste treatment plants have been established to keep the city clean and green .
Recently , for the protection of the environment , the Hon'ble National Green Tribunal passed an order banning diesel vehicles of more than 15 years old .
They are conserving rain water using a rain water harvesting process .
They are using more renewable sources of energy rather non - renewable sources of energy .
MY FAVOURITE SOAP OPERA .
I really enjoy soap opera I have seen a lot of them , but in my opinion , de best one is an English one called fawlty Towers .
There are four main characteres the owner 's hotel a moody man and his bossy wife , and the workers , a pleasant maid and a Spanish waiter who does n't speak English .
It was a shorter soap opera , only ten chapters , but at the end , it seems like you know them for a long time .
Its shorters stories have have a funny and relaxed time .
A large number of problems are coming up at present .
Then comes the problem of human beings .
Moreover , with the decreasing number of trees and many other plants , carbon dioxide can not be coped with by those natural machines , which will melt the remaining ice in the world .
Thus , the sea level will go up to influence the climate , leading to warmer days in the whole world .
What 's more , the importance of the protection of nature can be emphasized by educating citizens gradually , no matter whether it 's in campus or in the public places .
Dear Sir ,
I 'm looking for à language centre which prepare students to take a Cambridge exams , especially the F.C.E. On reading the newspaper , I 've heard about your classes and your method seems efficient .
So , I wonder if I could apply in one of your course .
I 've been living in Ireland since last August in order to practise my English language , but I need to improve my spelling and my writing as well .
I am interested in applying in one to one class in order to study in the most efficient way I can .
When can we start ?
How long ?
Etc .. )
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon
yours faithfully ,
Sandrine Verreau
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise !
In front of me stood a Hare Krishna !
I was alone in the office , it was late and I had a lot of work to do and when I heard the sound of the doorbell I felt really upset because I was looking forward to going home .
He seemed the most pacific man in the world , so I was n't afraid .
On the contrary , I felt pretty amused when he started dancing , prancing and singing an unknown song .
It was really hard not to burst out laughing in his face !
When he stopped , he gave me a coloured bracelet and said that it would make me happier .
UNFORGETTABLE FRIEND
And how could I have known that she would change my life forever ?
She was different from all the other kids .
She was quiet , but interesting at the same time .
We became friends when we were 8 years old and we visited each other all the time .
That is why she is so special to me .
We are different , but I think that that is a curious thing about friendship .
8 years later , she has become my best friend , my lost sister , my complement .
She was hard to find , but impossible to forget .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He finishes getting ready for his appointment .
Once he finds one , he pulls up the car and goes as fast as he can to get some money .
He finally arrives .
She was waiting for him .
Hopefully , for the next time he will set up a reminder to avoid this happening again .
On the other hand , public transport is inconvenient .
It is crowded at rush hour .
Pickpockets can have a field day with all the commotion of rush hour .
Because public transport does not operate 24 hours a day , it means people have to follow a schedule .
Furthermore , there are certain forms of transportation , such as trains , that do not travel to the suburbs , so people either have to walk long distances to reach the nearest stop or be dependent on one form of public transport to catch another , which can be a great source of stress if there is ever a delay .
When it comes to the issue of if Pets can be like our family .
I am inclined to believe that pets can be treated as a family members because they are loyal , and have souls as well as they are human friends .
There are many dogs who are more loyal and trustworthy than many people in the earth .
Pets can not deceive or lie .
Many dogs , for example , help their owners and protect them from many dangers .
A snake tried to bite my friend but his dog , at the last moment , saves him and took that snake away .
That is why I love pets .
For that reason , I appreciate my pets as if they are one of my friends .
Secondly , the reason for my propensity of treating pets as a family member , is that they have souls .
they feel , as if they are humans .
While they can not express their emotions in our ordinary ways .
They will never try to hurt any human being , so why do people try to hurt them .
One can talk with his dog , cat or any other kind of pets as if they are their psychiatrist .
They discuss with them many life events .
For example , I have an old neighbor who lives alone with his cat .
He talks with her and plays with her .
He always told me that " we " are fine , referring to him and his cat .
I do not mind or fear living alone anymore , as I have my friend , which is my cat .
I would argue that treating our pets as our friends is an indication of humanity .
Since they are creatures like us , they have souls and feelings .
They can take care of us and love us in a very interesting way .
That is why I consider my cat my faithful friend .
Hello Paul ,
It 's such a long time since we talked last time .
Do you remember ?
I 'm delighted although the weather is awful .
I think the rain will stop when pigs fly .
I would like to see you soon .
Give my regards to your family .
Bye
Javier
Dear Sir ,
I am sixteen years of age , pursuing a degree of Intermediate at Imperial College , assiduous to work .
I really find this job useful for me as I have a heart to be with children and want to earn money for myself .
I would love to arrange fun activities for children .
I used to cook , took them out and played a lot .
I am looking forward to your response .
Yours faithfully ,
Amina Safar
I felt nervous when the phone rang .
I was waiting for the answer .
My work was very interesting and exciting .
I liked a lot my project and I wanted to follow in it , but my project manager was worried .
He was looking for funds to keep our team .
I picked up the phone .
We felt very happy .
Thanks for a crowd - funding campaign , we obtained the mininum funds to develop our innovate work .
We found a group of algae which store energy cleanly .
Unforturnately , the process only gone on for twelve hours .
We built a pilot plant to test our investigations in the laboratory .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He was frustrated .
In this story , we can learn that strength of will is important for us to do something important in our daily life .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Not everyday do you leave your country without knowing when and why you will come back .
The first thing she saw was a perfectly packed suitcase near her bed .
The day before , all the clothes which were inside the luggage had been classified on the bed : trousers , spring t - shirts , nightdresses and so on .
She sighed and went to have a shower .
She had lived abroad several times but she never has gone without knowing about her return .
She was trying to find a job for a year , but she was n't lucky at all .
She was graduated , had even studied a Master 's , and she had nothing to lose .
She was brave and intelligent , so she was going to start a new life with new opportunities in a different and fairer country .
Her parents went to see her off at the airport .
They were crying .
It was not easy to leave a daughter go away on her own .
However , they knew that it was the best for her .
Good luck , Anna .
Nowadays , many people dream of being famous .
They think that a big - name has a marvellous life with no problems , no duties , or worries .
As far as I 'm concerned , there are more disadvantages .
Basically , a famous figure has no privacy .
No matter where a famous person goes , he must realized , that , next day , he will be on the first page of the newspepers with lots of rumours .
Celebrities do n't have an easy life .
I think they have no life at all .
Beacuse , what is proper in living when journalist are following every step the famous person takes ?
In my opinion , journalist and other people should accepted and respected it and sometimes they should just let go .
Nevertheless , celebrities decided on that kind of life .
They made that decision on their own .
So , I think , that they must have known about the consequences and should just live as they like .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
My name is Mike Hennings .
I am a 22-years old part - time student of the local University .
The first was in the bar , owned by my uncle , and the second - in a local restaurant named " Dragon " ( Chinese cuisine ) .
I am an accurate , punctual and trustworthy person .
I am able to work from 9 am til 2 pm every weekday .
I am also ready to work longer shifts on Wednesdays , and on Fridays and Saturdays I can work extra time .
My mobile number is 0789999999 .
I am available from 10 am till 17 pm .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Mike Hennings
The Colosseum is the most famous and biggest building of the Ancient Rome and it is also the biggest amphitheater in the World .
The name of this construction is related to two reasons : one reason is related at the dimensions of the building , the second reason is because near there is a bronze statue .
In 1990 the Colosseum was put into the list of the heritage of humanity by UNESCO , while in 2007 it was included among the new Seven Wonders of the World .
The arena could hold about 70000 seats and the arena was about 75 x 46 meters and about 50 meters high .
It was built between 70 and 74 a .
C.
And it was inaugurated in 80 a .
C.
The Colosse was often restored because it was often in difficult situations .
Finally , I can say that the Colosseum it 's a fantastic construction as much for beauty as for importance , and if a tourist came in Italy for the first time he should see the Colosseum .
I am writing with reference to the evening art course that I started last night .
Never have I seen such a lack of organization .
He was not helpful and was unpolite .
I look forward to hearing your views on this matter .
Yours faithfully ,
Ines Solorio
The hotel would have many services and facilities , like a good reception , spa , wifi conection and pay - per - view TV in the rooms , a great chef who did the dishes of the mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar in the beach and a boat for trips around the mediterranean sea .
This is the hotel of my dreams , but the most important thing is that the people were happy in their accommodation , if they are happy they will return next year .
The acting was surprisingly emotional , but a bit wooden .
After the show , I was introdused to one of the actors , who was my friend 's cousin .
His answer astonished me ; he did not want to become a professional actor .
Moreover , he found being famous extremely irritating .
I , like most people , took for granted that celebrities not only seek fame , but also benefit from it .
They experience gracious living , enjoy glitzy parties and admire their photos in glossy magazines .
Do we often think what it means to live under constant public scrutiny ?
Every mistake the famous make is charged against them .
When it turns out that all who we got used to idolise are just people with their own shortcomings , we become disappointed .
We watch mercilessly how celebrities topple from their thrones and even find pleasure in that .
People , it does n't matter if they are famous or not , are just people .
Nobody is perfect .
Hello Beatriz ,
I love MASTERCHEF .
He is a famous artisan baker who lives in my town .
He told me that it was an exciting experience .
I think that you give us a lot of information about the programme , and your opinion about it is very interesting .
I really like your review ! !
It all began on a rainy morning of July , school 's out for 10 days and , as a results of bad grades at school , Michael is forced to pass the summer with his hateful and rich cousins .
They are more beautiful and popular than he , all the girls are in love with their and all boys would pay to participate in their parties , including Michael and their friends , who were always excluded .
" I would say stop the arrogance by my cousins " said Michael to your friend and thought to steal the keys of one of their millionar house and take a party with his friend .
In the end , the party turned out a success , for Michael it was the beginning of his popularity .
But the house was destroyed and the neighborhood , furred for the confusion caused during the night , had called the police , that , without his knowledge , were waiting outside the house Micheal to take him to the police station .
After everything that had happened , Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
I 'm very glad to inform you that I will be your college at the next six months .
Can you help me ?
First of all , the first two months , I would like to find an English academy .
I think that it could be a great opportunity to improve my English skills and learn lots of things about the UK culture .
I 've copied my CV at the end of the letter and if you know somewhere where they need a native Spanish speaker , please , contact me .
I would like to save some money , and at the end of my UK experience , spend my time travelling around your country .
Is it interesting ?
Could you tell me the most important attractions around your city ?
Send me some tourist information if you have some .
If you have days off , I hope we can meet at the road and join me .
Have a nice weekend . Best wishes
Guillermo
It should be , because it helped you to be what you are today !
While he is already working and sharing a house with is wife and his daughter , I need my mom and dad to live .
Now I have them almost just for me .
In a family , responsibilities increase with age . I have some , but not a lot .
Sometimes I have to take care of my little cousins or my neace , clean my bedroom , It 's not much .
Nowadays , Environmental issues have become a great concern for scientist as the problem is growing .
What can people do every day to help the environment ?
People are not aware that a small change in their lives is of great help .
Water and electricity are wasted day after day , while a little change in people 's habits can make a difference .
If the bus was taken more often , instead of going by car , it would be of great help .
All in all , it seems that if such tiny changes are made , a huge help to save natural resourse will be done .
first you must explode the old one and clean up the mess of the exploding , second , paint the wall by yourself with a black color until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use the wallpaper . It 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall , the third step is , " of course " , you 'll go to buy the furniture from Damietta , here is some tips you can take it , if you are a single ! then you can buy a big purple cozy sofa with many colorful pillows to throw it out all over the place , but if you are a married !
okay , let us get back to the decoration ,
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Even though she had forgotten to turn on her alarm clock , she woke up at 7 sharp as she had wanted the day before .
The sun was shining and birds were singing .
She made herself a cup of a very aromatic coffee and she did n't even burn the toasts as usual !
She thought that this day would n't be ordinary .
At classes , everyone was very kind for her .
Peter brought her favourite chocolate and Kate made a special birthday card with a poem .
Anna got the best mark in the group from the previous test .
The last lecture was cancelled , so she was able to go shopping with her friends .
After some hours in a shopping centre , the girls were very content .
What a surprise !
Many people choose to go travelling to relax .
People may want to discover different places in a city , town , even in an alley .
You can start your journey at any moment , any time .
As good as your car is , you can go anywhere you want with your car , no matter which mountain , beach , or city it is .
You can travel alone .
You can also travel with your pet .
Most of the time , pet is not allowed to be in a public transportation , which is not a good thing for a pet owner .
Above all , car travelling is not only convenient , but also free in your journey , which leads public transportation into a fading future .
Sandrine has been a model for five years so far .
She has always looked for perfection .
Also , she has admitted she would do anything to have a perfect body .
However , she never imagined how dangerous this job could be .
Since Sandrine became a model , she has changed her diet .
It has been three years now since she stopped having lunch .
Sandrine always skips it because she thinks it is unnecessary if she wants to be thin .
People were very worried about her .
Sandrine realized modeling was a dangerous job , because it can make you change your mind about your own body and diets , and you could easily become ill without even knowing it .
Nowadays , It is painful that not too many people realize how degrading and dangerous this job could actually become .
I had never felt so nervous when , about six months ago , I decided finally to join the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) exam .
The exam is organized by Cambridge ESOL and it takes place twice a year .
So , I had started to learn English very frequently and pretty hard .
Very soon I had recognized that the process of learning was not as easy as I fought .
I had a lot of things to improve , such as writing and reading skills .
But I am a really lucky person . I had found a good teacher who supported me all the time . I also had some colleagues who had the same aims as mine .
We had organized some additional exercises , such as an English movies night , a one day trip to London , and a book discussion about English writers and poets .
Because we did n't live in any English native country , we had tried as much as possible to create an English - speaking environment .
I hope we will pass it , because we did our best .
I want to be an expert in such areas as drilling , exploitation and development of oilfield , that is why I want to get a master 's degree abroad , or a PhD at my university .
I think I have the sufficient background , my GPA is good enough .
Beyond that , throughout my university education , I have been a participant of scientific conferences and I took pains to practically assimilate everything I had learnt during my study .
For example , I have successfully completed the « Offshore Drilling » course of « Total » Professors Association and I mean to broaden my outlook in the future .
Hi , dear Isabel !
As you know , I just moved too a new town .
I love it here in Spain .
I have already met many new kind people .
I think I will really like it here .
Of course , I miss you and all of my friends back in Sweden , but I will visit you guys soon !
Here there are lots of tings to do , you can swim , go on a road trip , visit the zoo and go for a walk .
Hi David
How are you ?
Inside , there are really great photos and lots of articles about all our favourite singers and bands .
The magazine also has a letters page and they pay $ 25 for the most interesting letter or email .
I think I 'll try to write something funny , to win $ 25 .
Do you remember ?
You were taking a photo of me and I suddenly fell in the sea !
Write and tell me about the magazines you enjoy reading .
With love from Dimitri .
To : The organiser
From : Joonas Åberg
Subject : Opinion on what young poeple are interested in
Date : 27.10.2015
Here is the report you asked for about my opinion ,
about what young people are interested in today .
First of all , our generation of youth people are more
Music style and
Television series
or movies do not really change , young people watch old
shows and new ones by turns , so I can not say what TV
programmes young people like to watch .
It soothes them , calms them , aggravates them , excites them .
That is why music is a very import thing about this festival .
Clothes theme is harder , like I said before , because fashion
changes swiftly .
Clothes need to be open and free , simple enough .
We all want to feel good in what we wear , I recommend hipi style
Of course ,
time , then I suggest some other style , it has to be comfotable but
cold .
All in all , I think those tips will help you and I hope you will
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
My name is Amy . I am a full - time housewife and looking for part - time work at weekends near my home .
I have been a full - time housewife for about ten years , since my kids was born .
I enjoy cooking and am interested in different kinds of food , especially Asian cuisine .
As a member , during many occasions , such as Christmas Party and School Open Day , I had opportunities to learn about different kinds of food from other members as well as providing reception duties .
My mobile no . is 1234567 .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
Yours sincerely ,
Amy King
Whether movies and TV programs made in our own country are more interesting than movies and programs made in other countries has been widely discussed .
Many people are of the opinion that domestic movies and TV programs are better than foreign ones .
However , I strongly assert that movies and TV programs made in other countries are better for the following reasons .
To begin with , foreign movies and TV programs are more stimulating .
To elaborate , their story are better , as there are more twists and turns in the plots .
Although the plots are full of turns , they are still very reasonable , and do not make their audience felt that the plots are very strange .
For example , in the first one 3 dimensional movie , Avatar , the movie maker spend a lot of energy and time on developing the novel movie genre .
It eventually made a very good impression on its audience , and , the most important for a commercial movie , it really did very well at the box office .
Additionally , people can learn more things from foreign TV programs and movies .
Watching foreign TV programs and movies , their viewers can learn not only foreign language but also about exotic cultures .
Furthermore , foreign TV programs are more international and educational .
What 's more , the National Geographic and Discovery channels also teach me a lot of information and knowledge which I ca n't learn from native programs .
In contrast , some people consider that domestic films are more familiar than foreign ones .
However , I still consider that if people can learn some foreign culture , or appreciate the spirits which foreign films contain , they could get more reflection as recreating .
In sum , although there are some dissenting views , one can still safely come to the conclusion that foreign films and TV programs are more interesting than domestic movies and TV programs .
Although movies in our own country are more popular than in the past , the foreign movies still play important role on the domestic movie goer 's mind .
Both of whom have more than five years of experience in marketing planning and own a large number of fabric sources .
Therefore , I plan to maximize my previous experience with knowledge of psychology , skill of product development and design , to pursue graduate studies , and build up my ability in the Master of Fine Arts program in Fashion merchandising at Academy of Art University .
It is said that the main objective of telelevision is to entrentein people and make their free time happier .
However , television should n't be used only for this purpose but for different reasons .
On the one hand , most people have , at least , one television in their homes , so it is very accessible to everyone .
Nowadays , children spend more time at home than before .
For this reason , it is important for them having a good educative programme on television .
When I was young , I used to watch television every afternoon to learn interesting things as geography or maths and it helped me a lot .
Television allowed me to learn how to speak Catalan correctly and it also gave me a good conversation issue to talk about with friends .
Food passion !
In this place , " Stella d'oro " , the owners prepare delicious rolls .
In particular , every week you can find " Il panino più " , a special roll created by the fancy of the cook .
Of course , I prefer to go to this pub with my family or with my friends , especially if I have to celebrate something , for example , birthdays , anniversaries or something else .
When I go there , I also drink a good mixed beer : half light beer and half red beer with of a good flavor .
Of course , with the roll we also order a lot of chips .
If we are all that we are still hungry , we order cakes .
Of course , if the six of us go together , it is quite expensive , but if I go only with my husband , I do n't spend so much .
I suggest everyone go to this place because , not only is the food good , but also , the owners are very friendly .
The only problem is to find parking space because this pub is in a narrow road where it is not easy to find a space to park the car .
But if you are lucky , you can park .
Some people say that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Of course , spending hours in the shopping mall may be tiring .
It is said that only men hate to go shopping .
Especially with their mothers , girlfriends or wives .
Without spending money , we can get inspired by new collections or people that we see in the city .
I can understand people who say that shopping is boring .
Especially when we go from shop to shop but we ca n't find anything interesting .
And I do n't even want to think about the situation when we really need to buy something because of the coming pmor wedding .
But we can do online shopping , which seems to be easier sometimes .
We need shopping .
Even if we do n't have to do daily shopping because of our mother or somebody else , someday we will have to go out and buy something .
We also sometimes just need to get new clothes .
Generally , shopping can be seen as an enjoyable experience or just a usual need in order to survive .
A most famous person from my country is Mr. John Stefferson , who worsks in a department store and is always planning how to make people 's life more comfortable and better .
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise .
There was a little cardboard box with my name on the top .
I was just about to close the door , when I heard mum from the kitchen : " Who was it , Bryan ? "
" What is it ? " she asked .
I had absolutely no idea .
I started to open it very carefully .
There was a ticket for my favourite music band .
They had a concert that evening in New York .
She was surprisingly open to the thought that I could try it at least .
So I did it .
The seats next to me were still empty .
In the middle of a crowd was standing my mum , with my dad , who had just returned from the war .
I were absolutely excited .
It was the best night of my life .
UNEXPECTED VISIT
The door bell rang .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise ...
There was she , staying in front of me .
I thought I was dreaming at first .
She 'd stolen my fiancee many years ago .
We 'd been preparing to get married .
I'd been in my country for a while since I need to apply for a visa for living in his country .
Suddenly , he 'd cut the connection between us .
I could n't believe my eyes !
How come he 'd done that to me !
What happened to all those words he 'd given to me !
Asking him was useless .
I managed to keep calm though there was thunder inside my heart .
But I could n't speak anyway .
I just looked at her with asking eyes .
" He 's died . " she said , as if she was whispering .
Her voice was weak and shaky .
Then she handed me a box and walked away .
Nothing more ...
Now , after all those long years have gone by with full of pain , disappointments , missing and regrets ; all I have was the memories which were saved by him into a little wooden box .
I 've never got the reason that made him leave me , although all his love for me , unfortunately ...
First of all , the many repeats of all programs , like serials or films , do not motivate people to watch it .
It seems to be a result of the fact that , after a long day , people prefer to unwind in front of the television , watching " entertainment programs " rather then news or what 's up in the World .
Moreover , on television , there are a lot of advertising constantly interrupting the broadcast , and of course , this fact is very unpleasant .
Despite all these facts , it is without doubt that television has changed our lives .
Famous people are exposed to criticism and public opinion , but what does it mean ?
Firstly , there are two kinds of famous people : those who want to have a private life and who do n't want everybody knowing each aspect of their lives , and those who sell certain parts of their lives in magazines , journals or TV programmes , or even their entire private life .
Thirdly , in my opinion , they have the right also of selling only the parts of their lives they want .
But in contrast , there is the problem of when they should stop , and journalists continue selling information or pictures and it could arrive an embarrassing moment and , if you have sold a kind of things like this before , you ca n't say nothing .
Dear Jo ,
It is absolutely rewarding to receive good news from an old friend who has been absent of my life for so long time .
I am currently working at a place where I am getting a great wage , so I have the possibility to accompany you on your journey .
We might go to the most representative places of Mexico , such as : Templo mayor , Cancún , Acapulco , among many others .
As you know , in this country , if you are someone who speaks more than 1 language , you have the chances to obtain a great job .
Maybe a special diet , special clothes or any kind of thing you might need that will not be easy to find here .
Best regards ,
Luis
Wrestling is a new sport , which is unknown to many of my colleagues at the College .
This is were all the beautiful girl are shown to the young men of the community .
Wrestling is both an interesting and an entertaining sport .
Before the contest starts .
As such , the referee explains the rules of the game through their captains , i.e. Health and Safety .
The game starts with dancing and singing .
First of all , I lived in London for three weeks in 2012 .
I would like to say that learning any languages is complicated to someone , whatever you come from , but , in my opinion , there are many matter to discuss .
One child whose parents come from different countries is able to learn two languages at the same time , this child does n't need to go abroad to learn a foreign language , but they are listening to their parents speaking English , their native language , all the time and this let them learn without any difficulty .
On the other hand , if you go abroad you will be able to improve your English in an anglophone country , in this case , your knowledge will be reinforced with your stay there .
To sum up , if you want to learn English , you do n't need to go abroad , you can improve your English by working hard inside your own country , for example , by doing exercises like listening and writing , or you can meet with native people who speak English to practise with them .
I was assigned to work on a project of the CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd under agreement of Term Geotechnical Consultancies .
Regular maintenance is essential for all man - made slopes to avoid deterioration .
We are working on those slopes near power station or pylon .
Before inspection , I need to take the course which is conducted by CLPP for the access permit .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the job of summer camp assistant which I saw advertised in the " Daily mail " .
I am keen on sports , especially volleyball , which I started playing at an early age , and I suppose I would be able to teach them how to play it and to organise a tournament .
In addition to my native language , I can speak German as well as English . In fact , I am attending a first certificate course now and last year I spent 2 months in Berlin , my german teacher would be happy to receive your call to tell you more about my language experiences .
If it is necessary , I would be willing to come for an interview at any time .
I hope you will consider my application .
Yours faithfully ,
Eleonora Palerma
these are the references Mr Zandonella at 334 123456 and Mrs Malvicini at 3dG1QIup9c@libero.it
In my opinion , the home of the future wo n't change much .
It still has to have the same elements , like : roof , walls , floor , ceiling , basement , loft , door or windows .
New technologies are going to seize architecture .
Nobody likes stairs and lifts .
The next thing is big windows .
It is the most important element in the home of the future .
Huge , bulletproof windows are my biggest dream . I could n't live without them .
Owing to that , people wo n't need to meet and talk .
Roger Okeefe 83 years old , is being referred to your care for further assistance .
He is now recovering from Malignant Melanoma on his left shoulder .
Since his discharged from the hospital , we have been doing our daily home visit and wound dressing and also assisting him with his showering .
Mr keffe , who lives with his wife in a housing commision home , is an old - age pensioner and no children .
On observation , they are getting some help from their neighbors , however they are having problem keeping up their household routine .
As per the doctor 's order , we have organized daily home visit until 4/7/08 after which our nursing care will end .
Yours sincerely ,
Melody Varela
Dear students ,
Welcome in the city of Hasselt .
I wish you a wonderful time in my hometown .
Hasselt offers a wide range of interesting activities and has a lot of places of interest .
What you really can not miss is the big shopping street .
You will find all different types of shops .
Hasselt has it all , from museums and shops with the latest fashion , to shops with local products , such as gingerbread and gin .
You should really have a taste of Hasselt 's dazzling nightlife .
Kind regards , Wouter .
These are beautiful moments , but now I reckon that there is n't nothing more interesting than having all your family together talking about whole background .
It was a perfect weekend because there was a holiday on the Monday .
We rented a wonderful place outside our city with a , spectacular atmosphere .
Firstly , to see father 's face when he saw all the people .
For a long time I haven't seen my father so happy . secondly , seeing how big is the family now , with so many children .
Now I believe that the best moments in the life are when you have time with your family , is the best way to recharge your energy for everything .
Many times we pay more attention to other things , it can do it in many opportunities .
Family is one , and we do n't know when we can lose them .
In my opinion , travelling by car is more comfortable than travelling by public transport because you can choose where do you want to go and the time you prefer to start your trip .
Travelling around the city by car was faster than on public transport .
If I won the lottery , I would buy an electric car because you can you park in the center of the town .
Sometimes , public transport is interesting because you can use it when you want to go to a party and you will probably drink some wine , beer , etc .
If you would like to go fast to somewhere , do n't use public transport , because it is very slow .
If everyone use public transport , climate change does not increase more .
Hi Conie ,
How are you ?
At my school , I do n't do that much because we are just five people that are worried about the world .
We tried to convince the Headmaster to help us monetarily , but it was n't enough .
At home , I convinced my family to recycle and reuse the water that we ca n't drink , to give to our plants .
Now , what do you do at your school and at your home ?
Tell me . I 'm curious .
See you
Francisco
Indroduction
Activities around the city
Young people can enjoy going to the cinema in the city center after having some " tapas " and some drinks .
Also , it would be a good idea to go to the beach to spend the day and play volleyball or sunbathing , because this it is always a good plan .
Valencia , has different areas to go out in the evening , but some of them required the passport , so if you are younger than 18 , it would be difficult to enter .
Other activities in the surroundings .
In addition , i suggested going by bus around the surroundings of the city , where you can do adventure sports , like canoening , climbing or just walking around the mountains and enjoy the countryside
Recommendations
It would be great !
My family aand I like to watch movies all the time .
My favourite kinds of movie is comedy and drama comedy because it has interesting plot and person , someone and who watches comedy can lought all the time .
While person is watching this kind of movie , he / she is just relaxing and has a good time .
As Lloyd Cohen ( the Director of the Worldwide Market Analysis ) said , lottery play is not economically irrational and uninformed .
It is certainly true that people who play are almost certain to lose money .
People do n't invest the money they spend on lottery tickets .
They spend it and get those dreams in return .
Though this has been an amusing debate , we the affirmative side , on the weight of our argument and proof , have concluded that the lottery should n't be banned in the US and Spain , because it is a tradition , it gives help , hope and support to public entities and it must be a rational investment .
Hello dear Ben ,
I received your letter yesterday .
Sorry for my late answer .
I hope my suggestions will help you .
Our city has only one airport .
First of all , you should find the entrance of the airport .
It 's the quickest way to come to my home but at the same time it 's more expensive .
Also , you can use the bus .
You should write me the exact time of your plane arrival .
Then I 'll write back the timetable of bus arrivals .
It might be the more boring way to my home but I like it for the price .
When you hear the bus stop Ploshad Truda , you should leave the bus and I 'll meet you at this bus stop .
In my opinion , the weather is better today than yesterday .
But it has been raining for four days .
Hoping to see you soon ,
your friend , Semyon .
Report :
The swimming pool in Brunete has customers from all age groups , but it is especially suitable both for young people and elderly people in order to improve their mobility .
The building has two changing rooms , for men and women .
As far as I am concerned , there are some pros and cons about the use of the swimming pool .
On the one hand , everything is very cleaned , including floor , bath and corridors , in addition , if you are a disabled person , you will not have any trouble to get in there because there are some ramps to help you come in .
On the other hand , you will have to pay 45 euros a month to use the facilities , and besides , you will not be able to do exercises because there is not any gym inside the building .
In my opinion , the swimming pool is convenient because you can walk to swim if you live in town , but it is very expensive , particularly for young people .
Those people could be politicians , film starts , singers , football players and so on , living in a constant stress because they can not have a " normal " life , and , from my point of view , that 's normal because they live for this , they are public people and , because of this , they have to keep calm and carry on with it .
Therefore , most of this famous people complain of this , but it is logical that all the media , television , radio and journalists are constanlty devoting every minute of the day to them , because people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doing every second , in knowing with whom they are , in knowing what they like or do n't like , their hobbies , in short , in knowing everything about them .
In conclusion , being famous is really difficult and frustrating as well , but , in contrast , they earn a lot of money and they are loved by so many people , though they have to accept some critics , because not everybody has to love them .
When we need to buy something , we mostly choose shopping centres .
After a few hours , we are so tired , that we do not have the power to do anything else .
Besides , in the shopping centres there 's a loud , energetic music played all the time and a crowd of people , so we get home with a huge headache .
Of course , people usually do not need all of those things .
This behaviour causes a moral hangover and a spiral of credit .
The times in which we live are conducive to addictions .
I think we should learn to buy only things we really need and we can afford .
Sometimes , better is to visit some small shops than big centres .
This should help us enjoy shopping .
Public transport is the future .
Today in big cities , public transport is necessary for tourists , students , kids and workers ; but the situation is very different in small cities .
A good public transport system is the sign of a civilized city . in this way there are fewer cars , so less traffic .
Public transport also reduces the cars ' pollution and saves fuel .
I hope for the next generations for a better public transport service and an increasement of its use .
I get up at 6:15am .
I brush my teeth and brush my curly hair .
Alexa Giordano every morning .
Around 7:15am , I take a shower and get dressed . , I usually wear jeans and T - shirts .
When I 'm at work , I check my emails and reply if it is urgent and write down " to do lists " .
I have lunch at 12 pm .
I have many choices for lunch , but I prefer Hu Tieu or Pho .
I come back to work at 1 pm and go home at 5 pm .
On the weekend , I wake up at 6:15am , but I get up at 7 am . I still study French with Mrs Alexa as usual . Saturday afternoon I hang out with my boyfriend , we go to the cinema or the coffee shop .
I often tidy my room and do the washing on Sunday morning .
In the afternoon , I do my art exercises or read books .
I always go to sleep at 10 pm .
Hello Mark !
Sorry for my late reply .
You should n't spend so much time watching television because it is n't healthy .
Actually , I do n't watch much television , because I do n't have much free time , but if I had it , I think I would watch more .
They are really good !
Hope to hear from you soon ,
Inês .
In contrast , in Taiwan , we have our own currency and the government is efficient and well - organized .
Clearly , Taiwan will not be the next Greece .
In 2012 , the Japanese central bank unprecedented depreciated the Yuan , which has obviously improved its exports and recovered its economy from stagnation .
Obviously , Taiwan has its own currency , the new Taiwan dollar , and if Taiwan 's economy is worsening someday , the Taiwanese government could simply mimic what the Japanese government did in 2012 .
According to a global survey , Taiwan wins reputation in effectiveness , in which the Taiwan government has legislated severe laws to prevent corruption .
Therefore , the Taiwanese have to pay taxes by regulation and do not dare to evade taxes .
Without a doubt , the efficacy of the Taiwanese government is beneficial to people 's welfare .
All in all , Taiwan has currency sovereignty and is well - known for its effectiveness .
As a country , Taiwan has to stick to its ordinary path to create a lovely and healthy environment to its civilians .
Once upon a time , there was a mason called Nick that had a family of four , two sons and his wife , but they had conflicts with the studies of their children , and because the money he earned was not enough to maintain the whole family they were in poverty .
His kids dreamed with a big house that has a pool , a third floor , a Jacuzzi and a beautiful landscape to the beach , also they wanted to have a dog , if they had one , it would be called Winy .
They told every dream to their dad , and they know he would enforce it even though , under the circumstances , it seemed to be impossible , he would try .
Next week a cousin that he did not know , he was a very reach man and when he knew about their problem , he decided to help , so he gave them an incentive .
He said that if Nick makes a house of two floors , he would buy it and pay for the studies of the children lifelong , which gave a reverse to the impossible .
Nick started making the planes for the house , from that moment , he trended to get to his house and at the moment drag the planes and continue working . When he finished the planes after months of working on them , he started to bring it to life , the house would be made of wood because he could not pay for more .
After months of working in the house , he finished , and his cousin gave him a bonus reward of one million dollars to start with , buying a big house with everything they want .
The kids started going to a private school .
When they got eighteen , they could get a good job because of their good studies .
This also needs to be compared to the table .
Not surprisingly , these causes played an important role when we talk about the percentage of land which was affected by these causes , particularly in Europe and Oceania .
By contrast , in general , North America had the lowest rates in deforestation and over - grazing , with 0.2% and 1.5% respectively .
There are many famous buildings in Guangzhou .
One of them is Canton Tower .
If you travel to Guangzhou , you ca n't miss this series because this is a symbol of Guangzhou .
Canton Tower is located at an intersection of Guangzhou New city Central Axes and the Pearl River .
The height of the tower is 600 metres , with 450 metres of main body and 150 metres of its antenna .
We can see a different picture of the tower from different angles .
For example , the tower has a 4D cinema , the highest revolving restaurant , and so on .
Cantonese people always spend their holiday with their child here .
Do you want to go to have a look after reading my introduction ?
Trust me , you will not regret it .
ARE YOUR FAMILY MEMBERS YOUR BEST FRIENDS ?
Firstly , I must say that I do n't consider that my family members are my best friends , not only because they have other problems to care about , but also because I do n't know how to tell them my problems .
However , we consider a friend that person you can have fun with , laugh with and meet . I 'm use to do that with my parents and my brothers , but it 's not the same as when I meet my best friends .
Moreover , I think that I should n't ask them to have what we call a " therapy moment " as I do with my best friends when I 'm worried for something or someone , in fact , I would n't know how to start telling them about that .
In my town , there is no future for public transport , because the time necessary to get to the city centre is the same walking or going by bus .
This is like that on all days , except Sunday .
From this hour , there is only one service every hour , until 10 p.m. Anyone of these 7 bus takes less than a half hour to get to the city centre , in spite of the fact that Sunday has not traffic jam .
It is much more convenient if you walk to the city centre .
The town is not a big city , so the air is not very dirty .
At the same time , you can get fit by walking approximately 30 or 40 minutes , and you will not have the problem for park your car .
We have different means of transport .
They are transport by land , by air , by sea and by train .
We know in the olden days how our forefathers suffered in their movement .
Therefore , it is not easy back there for anybody to use other means because there was non .
At present , there are many means of transportation .
Unlike before , we have big ships to use on the sea .
The train is also a very useful means of transportation and very economical .
I believed that technology has really improve our ways and means of our transport .
So , whoever want to star a journey has several choice of transport , eaither by sea , by air , by land or by foot .
I can not forget to talk about cars , lorry and other vehicles .
They are very useful and speedy .
Thanks .
Just like a fish in the water
First , when I was in the starting line , I felt I could not finish the competition , then when we were in the water the coaches did not stop to encourage us so it was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so exciting to see our family waiting for us , clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
Status : Popular
' The moment of realisation hits you like a tons of bricks , leaving you in a life full of regret and guilt '
His whole life , he only wished for one thing , and that was to be popular .
Her name was Sara .
Michael had always seen her in the hallways , smiling and laughing .
Anywhere she went , she was always surrounded by a handful of students .
People got attracted towards her quite easily , and often , they would find themselves adoring and admiring her .
Although she was n't pretty , she had an aura of importance .
Her presence was felt .
She was popular but not proud , and that made her even more likable by all .
All but one - Michael .
Whenever , he saw her , he felt pain .
The pain of jealousy .
A fire of hatred burnt his heart whenever he heard her gleeful laughter .
All his life , he had only wished to be popular but his dream of popularity had been long ago snatched by a girl .
That girl , who had once been his best friend .
She was Sara .
His long lost best friend Sara .
That night had changed their lives .
Both of their lives .
In every way , in every form .
An innocent dare made by Sara , which led Michael to walk in a path of wrong .
A dare to prove .
courage can change lives .
He was isolated .
Abandoned by his friends .
All was a façade .
They had all worn masks .
Everyone , even his own Sara .
He had been wrong .
All along he was wrong .
They had n't abandoned him , neither had they distanced themselves from him .
He had distanced himself from them .
His Sara was there , all along she was there for him .
In the first place , she never left him .
Yet , she waited , hoping he would realise she would always be there for him .
Tears were streaming down his face . Stinging his eyes .
He deserved it .
Every bit of pain .
All these years .
His selfishness stood in the way .
His delusions had drifted him away from her .
No tears or sorrys would make a less culprit .
No one should forgive him for what he did .
No one .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
In this essay , I am going to discuss whether building a bypass around our town is beneficial to our community or not .
One of the advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting was that this bypass would lower the rate of air pollution around town , which I highly agree with , because the extra traffic caused due to the passing cars added to the vehicles used by the locals cause massive smog in the atmosphere , not to mention being terribly bad to the health of the walking , cycling citizens , especially young children , babies .
Another important point is that this bypass would improve the traffic in the town center .
Mostly during 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go to and finish work , that is when we get the most awful traffic jams , sometimes it takes an hour to get form point A to B in town , which is a terribly long time , not to mention parents who have to take their children to school , nursery and then get to work , too .
On the other hand , the bypass might cause a drastic drop in tourism in the town .
However , it is also true to say that people who are actually interested in historical sites would visit the town anyway .
All in all , I would say the bypass would be more of a disadvantage than an advantage , because it would cut us off from people and the town would receive less funding if it 's less important .
Local politicians should focus on sustainability , using vehicles which do not harm the environment .
On the 4th of April I met a group called Emblem3 .
Because I did n't find any ticket for the concert in London , I bought one for the concert in Birmingham .
The day before , I started to freak out thinking that I was meeting them .
Else the ticket for the concert , I bought the VIP ticket as well , so I had to go before to Birmingham , because the entrance to the venue was at 17:00 and , as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I did n't have to rush .
I got to Birmingham at 14:00 , I think , and then , as I 've never been to Birmingham , I had to look for the 02 Academy , where the event took place .
After 30 minutes , started the acoustic performance which lasted for about 15 minutes , afterwards we took pictures .
On the day after , I went back home .
It was the best day of my life .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
On the one hand , I am studying to be a PE teacher , so I know how to organise activities for young people , such as fishing or doing a sport .
I'm good at entertaining parties . What is more , I really enjoy working with them since they are very active and willing to do any kind of activities .
For all the reasons I mentioned before , I think I am the right person for this job .
I look forward to receiving your answer .
Yours Faithfully ,
Maria
It 's true that commuting to work is n't as convenient as going to work by car .
That 's the reason why more people prefer to spend more time stuck in traffic listening to songs instead of waiting a long time to take a bus which is usually crowded .
On top of that , taking a bus wo n't necessarily mean that you will save time , because both buses and cars wo n't be able to move in the rush hour .
Besides , a car gives you more freedom and flexibility to make your own schedule , while public transport limits you to a timetable that does not always meet your needs .
After cars prevailed among the public , our governments have tried to pave rough roads , which promotes people to use cars even more .
Nowadays , it might be argued if the current transportation system would be working in the future like it does in the present , while there is a still big room for public transportation remaining as a significant method .
However , it is also true that there are always minors who have no choice but to take public transport and also , for their parents , it is definitely more reliable .
What is also important is the impact on the environment , which is already considerably damaged by human technology .
If a car which emits no serious global - warming gas would be developed , there would be no argument that people had better reduce our use of cars , yet , as long as we are manufacturing them , we could not find more eco - friendly and efficient ways than public transportation .
In conclusion , it is my belief that it is not possible for public transport to disappear in the future , even though travelling with cars is more convenient than travelling with just trains or buses .
All of the world is constantly changing - we develop a new technologies , people invented new think .
But why ?
Why not ?
Everybody think that home is a refuge .
In my opinion , home in the future will be similar to present houses .
There always will be the kitchen , because we must eat , there always will be the bathroom - you know why .
And in the home there always will be a room to sleep and relax .
Everywhere , there will be cameras and motion sensors .
Kitchen will be better eguipped , may be with smart appliances , and people , who ca n't cook , will prepare the meal by yourself .
Personally , I think houses in the future will not be cosy , but very sterile . I do not like it .
Not with cold and spacious rooms .
I think the statement is somewhat true .
Travelling by car is getting more convenient .
Although driving by car is less safe than using public transport at present , driving will be safe .
However , there is also a problem .
The second problem may be solved by car - sharing .
By this method , people have to pay a small fee for use a car , not much money such as having a car .
People can go anywhere they want to go from anywhere .
People do n't have to possess their car , paying much money .
It will be a new kind of public transport .
All my life I have practiced sports , but definitely , my favorite sport is squash .
Three times a week I played , then I went more often .
The first year , I went to a tournament in Torreon and I win the first place , during the first 3 years , I was ranking in the first 10 places of Mexico , but then I had to reduce my practices because I had a problem with my knees .
The bad news is that in Mexico it is not very common , so it 's a little bit difficult to find a field and it is expensive , more or less the price per hour is $ 150 pesos , more or less .
For someone new in this sport , I would recommended be patient and constant in the training , because the practice is what will make you better and helps to improve your level , and finally , always enjoy the game .
He had always been free .
Never had any serious relationship .
Now he was 35 and he was still keeping on smile at the news of his colleagues ' and friends ' marriages .
Soon or later , mariied people will get divorced .
Look at me , he said , I 'm free .
No one is happier than me .
Since one day , he met a girl , on the train , she was n't that beauty but she had , you know , that smile , so peaceful , so harmonic .
It was love at first sight .
They started talking , blaming for the train being late , and after two hours they were still chatting .
It was n't a problem .
They had a lot of fun .
Finally , he arrived .
He said hello to the girl , smiling .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Nowadays , everybody has one or more cars , as a consequence of that , some people believe that public transport is going to disappear .
There are several reasons to believe that ; firstly , many people are influenced by the advertising , which mixes happiness with driving cars and makes people think that public transport is not as a smart option as cars .
For example , you must take public transport instead of the car because it produces less pollution .
In addition , public transport is cheap because to buy a car meaning spend a fortune and in big cities , where people are concerned about the environment , such as Amsterdam or Tokio , there are many facilities as mobile phone applications or special offers .
To sum up , no one knows the future ; however , I believe that travelling on public transport is as convenient as by car or more so , because it is good to save up money and to reduce contamination .
" There is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient "
In my opinion , less people are travelling by public transport and have started to buy their own cars , which is more comfortable to use whenever you are in a hurry or not .
In the first place , you feel more comfortable in your own car than in a bus , for example . You do n't need to fear that someone could suddenly stole your purse or you do n't have to listen to the others when you travel by your car .
Studies have shown that your self - esteem and feelings of protection increase when you are a car driver .
In the second place , not all public transports are in their best shape .
If you have your own car , these things do n't bother you anymore cause you wash your car anytime you want .
In conclusion , travelling by car is far better than using public transport .
TORREBLASCOPEDRO , 5 AUGUST , 2014
Dear Sir ,
Through your job posting , I 'm informed that you are looking for a person for working in summer camps USA .
I would like to inform you that I 'm interested in the job .
I would like to work in this job because I think that I could do it very well and I could amuse the children .
If you hire me , you wo n't regret it .
ANA DEL MERINO PALOMINO .
Dear Paul !
Thanks for your e - mail and photos !
They are amazing !
I 'm very glad you enjoyed your holidays .
Spain must be really incredible !
I 'm writing to you to tell you about the U2 concert , which took place in " Spodek " arena in Katowice last month .
I must admit that this is my favourite band .
I 've always wanted to see them live and finally my dreams came true .
The best of it was that I saw them really close , because of my dad 's work .
As you know , he works in a security company , called Solid Safety and he was appointed to be a bodyguard to even Bono !
During the concert , we were standing on the backstage area .
Where could be better ? !
After the last song , my dad took us to the Bono 's room .
He was signing autographs and chatting with fans .
I will never forget it .
That 's all for now , but I will write more , when I find my feet ! I will appreciate my dad 's work forever .
Give my regards to your parents !
Love , Lisa
Hello ,
I'm Yousef Naser Bishara , I 'm from Saudi Arabia , and I 'm 26 years old .
I've been in the United States for two years .
I 've graduated in 2010 , majoring in accounting , with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 , since I came here , I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English , it turned out that I have to jump through the loop in order to over come these obstacles which I believe it is an ordinary requirements to get a master 's degree for the foreign students .
In addition , there is recent statistic that shows that a very high percentage of Saudi Arabia students who came to America to do set their master 's degree that they could n't get in university due to some requirements , for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even because their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
In fact , I do n't want to be one of those student who could n't accomplish their dream and have to go back to their home , I 'm willing to do whatever it takes to get into your university .
I would like to have the orientation material to increase my chances of getting into university and I will do me best to get very high grades in order to increase my GPA when it 's added to my transcript , to sum up , what I 'm looking for is to take a preparation class in business to be included in the final accumulated GPA .
Finally , I believe that it it a great opportunity to study in the United States and to improve my education and my lifestyle .
Besides , I 'm an eager , mature student , willing to study a for master 's degree at your university and I 'm looking forward to getting a response back and your recommendations .
Yours sincerely ,
I am forty - nine years old and I am a quite crazy , so I make a lot of mistakes .
First , I want to focus your attention on the fact that , normally , the mistakes have not importance , because all the things have fix and , if they have not fix why do you worry ?
In the last trip , I parked my car on the airport car park , it has many plants with several sign .
I left my car in the plant with the orange color , but when , some day later , I looked for my car I made it in the plant of the intermediate color .
I spend quite a lot of time thinking and when I had decided go to the police , I passed in front of the orange sign and finally I found my car .
Dear Thomas
How are you ?
The weather here is sunny so I recommend you to bring summer clothes . It is sad that you are only come for one week , but we will enjoy ourselves a lot .
Finally , you would see a big red house with lots of windows .
See you soon .
Recently , studying online has become a very popular alternative way to study .
Although it provides students with lots of advantages , not everything is as good as it sounds .
How can they solve their problems if there is a lack of student - teacher interaction ?
What is more , this kind of students are between eighteen and twenty - two , when they need to socialise and interact with other students to enjoy their free time .
However , this method of studying is cheaper than the common way , and it also can be completely free , which is a big advantage .
Nevertheless , I can understand people who choose the second option .
It is up to you !
No Future for public transport :
Nowadays , people want to travel by their own conveyance by their own car , bike , scooter or something like that .
Everyone wants to have a stress less / happy journey , whether it is for a long route or not .
Now , let me tell you the scenario of public transport .
First of all , we always need to wait for it and it will run according to the scheduled time only .
In winter , it is fine . We can adjust in crowd , but if we talk about the summer session we can not adjust when we are travelling in a suffocated environment .
We need to book tickets in advance , in case we are planning to go via public transport , because again , the issue of availability of seats are there .
I live in Trieste , a very beautiful city , but this city has a great problem : it has a lot of cars , more cars than inhabitants .
Of course , it 's an exaggeration , but I say this to confirm that in this city the number of the cars is very high .
By the way , the public transport is not so convenient , because at a certain hours you can not find a bus .
In our city , the buses stop at midnight .
Also , the ticket price is not cheap .
So travelling by bus is not convenient , not only for time , but also for the problems that you can find .
My father lives in Pordenone and he sells cars .
He wants to convince me to use alternative means of transport , but after I see the price of this ecological vehicle , I considered that I 'll buy one of them only if the price becomes
Currently , people think about if they can get good english in my country or whether they have to move to an english speaking country .
And after that , it depends on the personality , status ( single , engaged or married ) , and even the ages of people , whether they will decide to learn in their own country or go abroad for getting english .
On the one hand , studying abroad is a great opportunity , especially for young people .
They usually go abroad because they have not so much responsibilities just it prepares them for their professional future .
But They can only afford it to work as a au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porter , because that include accommodation , normal wages and you do n't need a high level of english .
On the other hand , you might find yourself getting homesick .
Of course , you leave a lot of things , such as your family , friends , foods , places , own things , etc . , and nobody can put up with being very far away from all these things .
Moreover , people about mid 's 30 years old , they do not usually leave their country and try to get a new language from are living .
So , you do n't hesitate and move to the new country , in which you do not only get language , even a different culture and lifestyle too .
Since 2010 , my town has tried to include some changes to boost the town .
Recycling is the solution
In the last five years , many new bins have been situated near all neighbourhoods .
This one is very important because it contaminates so much .
For instance , clothes , shoes , toys , electronic devices , etc .
More green areas
This town has not only focused on recycling , it has also promoted green areas .
Because of that , 5 new parks has been created recently .
Moreover , residents have become more conscious after they have read the leaflets which explain the importance of respect the environment .
Conclusion
I am writing to you about the job offer for work in Green Pepper Cafe .
I would like applying for this vacancy because I think I have most of the requirements that you are asking for .
I enjoy learning new recipes and I try to find out different flavours and sensations when cooking .
I worked for more than six years in a supermarket as well , so , that is why I am accustomed to deal with customers and cope with difficult people in a busy environment .
I would be glad if I could get an interview for giving you more details about my work experience , my skills or what you need to ask me .
Yours sincerely
Madrid is one of the most famous shopping cities in the world !
In Madrid , you can find clothes of the best desingners , such as Carolina Herrera , Dior and so on ...
but do n't be afraid if your budget is quite limited , because we have some places where you can find great colections with 50% off .
So , if you prefer save money and look fine , you have to visit ours outlet , where you can find all that you are looking for .
Nowadays , people 's life is having an unexpected change all because of globalitation .
In the past , people has to manage their time so they could go to their work , take care of their children and maybe also study .
Globalitation starts in the 20 's , so a huge amount of the population has experience this change , in my opinion , it is kind of good .
Now , people can interact with other people from other countries by texting , facebook or whatsapp .
The need of export and import items has increased in the last 10 years consequently the life of the people has been raised in faster respond .
Everyone needs an instant answer to what they are asking for , if they send an email , you must received it in less than 1 minute .
The personal contact shows a decrease in this time , because people do n't want to face their real problems , instead they can see all the poblems happened in the world by their smartphones .
In the future , people will comunute between them by their computers , cellphones , and tablets , and this kind of technology will lead us to a lonely life .
And we have some other media gadgets .
But will people 's lives really change so dramatically in the next 50 years ?
Of course , there will exist some more electronical things like some new handys , with functions we could not expect right now , and there will be some other gadgets .
But if we speak of the change of people 's lives , there have to be some more dramatically things .
But I think that this is something we wo n't be able to do .
To put it in a nutshell , we could say that our global world will be more electronical , and there will be more gadgets , but that wo nt change our lives dramatically .
I believe that we haven't never thanked her for what she did and do for us .
For that , I 've had the idea of giving her a present .
Yesterday , I saw a nice present for her in the new mall of Jerez , called AreaSur .
It was an amazing gold watch .
It seemed not to be very expensive and was luxury and lovely .
I think that a clock would be useful as well as necessary for her .
What do you think about buying it for her ?
If you do n't think the same as me , you can choose another present , I wo n't have any problem with that .
We can go by bus .
You only have to walk through the road in front of home and you will arrive at the bus station .
Then take the third line and two stops later you will arrive at the mall .
I will see you there and I 'll guide you in the mall .
I hope to see you soon , brother .
Send me an email when you 're able to go shopping .
Quique
What 's the safest transport in the world ?
And the most comfortable ?
In my opinion , any transport is completely safe , however people say the plane is the safest mode of transport .
Relaxing because you can travel by yourself , with friends and with your family .
When you make a long trip , you can go without pressure .
If you are tired , you can stop at a petrol station or at a restaurant to relax yourself , and if in the car there are more passengers you can change with them , so you will feel less tired .
- Gasoline is too expensive
- There are n't enough car parks and they are very expensive , for example , when you travel to Madrid , it is impossible to find a free parking space .
- Often you can be involved in city traffic jams , especially in the rush hour .
This situation only is present in Caceres when there is a rainy day , but in other cities , like Madrid and , Barcelona … is a daily situation .
I think , driving can be dangerous because people must respect speed limits , and not every time that it is .
Every holiday , the DGT , in Spain , make an awareness campaign to remember us about the good manners when we are driving .
On the other hand , travelling by plane , people say , is safer then do it in others transport .
I do n't make sure this affirmation .
I 'm afraid to travel by plane .
In this moment there was a tropical storm , and the turbulences are horrible ; but a not time I have stopped to travel by plane .
It is true , that plane is very expensive , but at least I never haven't be able to book a cheap ticket .
I look for the perfect offer , but in summer it is impossible to find it .
For example , there are a lot of countries where the bike is the most main mode of transport , like in Belgium .
I remember there were kilometres and kilometres of cycle line , on the contrary than here in Spain , where few cities , like Madrid or Barcelona , strengthen their use .
This is simple , because not everyone has a personal vehicle .
Public transport is one part of social development .
It will make people feel comfortable .
The bar chart shows the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. and Jack&Jones Co.
we can see the number of the projected sales of jeans of Jack&Jones Co . will be at 450 thousands of pairs in next Jan , it will be higher than the number of the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. ; about 300 thousands of pairs .Then the number of Jack&Jones Co . will drop to 250 thousands of pairs in Feb next year .
The projected sales of khan 's of Mango Co. Next year will begin at 150 thousands of pairs then it will go down a little bit in Feb .
The number of Mango Co. will grow up steadily from May to July next year , it will stay remain at 500 thousands of pairs for four months then get the highest number of about 600 thousands of pairs in this period .
A very different morning
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise . There was a small present left on the ground .
I looked around but no one was there . "
Hmm ...
Is that present for me ?
" I asked myself quietly .
Besides , I was not sure whether I should take it up .
I looked around one more time but still I did n't see anyone .
As it was quite early in the morning , there was just silence everywhere .
I sat down in my kitchen and put the present on the table .
While the water was boiling , a lot of different thoughts came into my head : " I do n't have any birthday today and there are a few more months until Christmas ... What could be the reason for such a nice present wrapped in a pink paper ?
Maybe someone wishes to make some little surprise for me , does n't he ? " " Ok , lets open it !
" I encouraged myself .
Oh , if you only knew - that present made my day !
When I opened it I found there my favourite chocolate with a very cute ' Thank you ' letter .
I got it from my neighbour and he just was so thankful for my help tidying up his garden the week before .
Actually I love receiving presents .
They colour the world , they lift you up !
And there is a truth : the more you give , the more you get back !
Although many people believe that our lives are getting better than they where 20 years ago , scientist have proved that , if we carry on with our ways of living , using , for instance , modern technology , we will lose control of our lives .
Technology has reached such a point where we need to do anything in order to achieve something .
To support this idea , a study was conducted 6 months ago .
The study tried to explain people 's reaction to different resources .
Out of 20 tested people , 17 managed to write their composition within an hour .
Secondly , keeping the main task , they were given a tablet with wireless connection to use instead of books .
The objective of this study was to see how people adapted to new technologies and how our cultural roots are being forgotten .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Montserrat Márquez , I am 23 years old and I am really interested in the advertisement I saw the other day about working on summer camps in the USA . I have worked before but in my home town , Mexico city , and I think I would be a perfect candidate for this job .
As a matter of fact , I have been camping since I was 6 years old , and for this reason , I started working on summer camps when I was 18 years old .
I am a suitable person for the job because I am used to work with children of all ages , but I prefer to play with kids between 8 and 12 years old , also , I am always trying to improve different activities therefore avoid getting bored , and I do not mind working in other areas of the camp .
To sum up , I would like to participate with you , and I can promise you will not regret it , I hope to hear from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Montserrat Márquez
It 's nice that you finally decided to come to visit me .
Is easy to get to my apartment from the airport , you can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to the powder street , and when you get there , you just call me and I get there , my apartment is not far from that street .
Is cheaper to travel by bus , but it is not very safe , so you need to take a taxi , It is a bit more expensive , but is much safer .
You should bring nice but durable clothes .
I 'll wait here , and I really want to see you .
Have a good trip .
See you soon .
If you want to become an artist or politician , you must be ready for journalists following you all the time .
I suppose that sometimes celebrities enjoys people gossipping about them .
In my opinion they are also people as we are . They have their own life ,
and that is why I do n't understand why is it so important for people to know what happenes with a celebrity ?
I think it is not so joyfully , when you wake up and see a camera 's flash !
Also , when you spend time with your boyfriend or girlfriend , you know that someone is taking a photo of you .
Am I right ?
WAYS TO TAKE CARE OF THE ENVIRONMENT
Introduction
The aim of this report is to inform you about the ways in which my village carries out measures to look after the environment .
For this , we will analyse several aspects , such as what local residents do with the rubbish and how Lanjarón tries to keep the area clean and makes it attractive to people .
Recycling : The best way to deal with the rubbish
Nowadays , there is more and more rubbish because of the high amount of package used to wrap products and the increase in consumption .
In Lanjarón , as in the rest of the villages and towns , people are getting used to buying and consuming much more than they used to do in the past .
For these reasons , what people usually do with their rubbish in their daily routine is to sort it and put it in the correct bin .
Keeping the village clean and attractive
Lanjarón is one of the most tourist villages in the region of La Alpujarra ; therefore , it is very important both for the council and the local residents to keep the village clean .
To get this , the council sets different environmental activities for the citizens to take part in .
At the end of the competition , those whose area is cleaner and most attractive receive an award .
Conclusion
We have to bear in mind how important the environment is to us .
On one , hand , some people think military service must be mandatory .
There are different dangers of a military nature , such as terrorist attacks , wars and other armed conflicts .
As a result , there are more chances to overcome the conflict with minimum human losses .
Moreover , it can educate young people to be more self - reliant , because the majority of teenagers at the age of 18 do not know how to be independent from their parents .
However , the critics claim that obligatory military service is a waste of time and has a negative impact .
For example , it is difficult to find a good job or go to university after military service , because during the one or two years of service , soldiers do not develop any knowledge except military knowledge .
Another big problem is that military service is dangerous and has a risk .
There are different physical exercises that can be harmful to health .
Besides , there are emergencies , which can happen with guns or weapons , such as explosions and accidents .
It means that soldiers who have already served some time , bully and beat up new recruits for fun .
These acts often turn out to be tragic , having a long post - traumatic effect on the young person or even loss of life .
Army years often have an impact on the whole family , especially in the case of bullying or the possibility of being sent to the warzone .
I prefer to eat at home
Also , the food I make by myself is much healthier .
But if I make my own food , of course , I wo n't use any kind of unhealthy ingredients .
And also , homemade food has a better quality than low - price restaurants .
Secondly , it 's much cheaper to eat at home , because restaurants want to earn money .
So you can save lots of money if you cook at home .
Some people think cooking for themselves is too annoying or tired , so they go out to eat .
But actually , if you cook much , you can use your energy , so you can consume your weight .
Also , if you cook three times a day , your cooking ability will go up .
Thirdly , eating at home is more comfortable .
When people are surrounded by strangers , people all think they are watching me so I ca n't do that or this .
But if you eat at home , you do n't need to be caring that somebody will look at you open your mouth too big or talk too loud .
Also , the restaurant do n't know how much you can eat , so sometimes , they give you too less food you do n't get full .
Or sometimes they give you too much food so you have to throw it away .
And as you know , throwing food away is a bad habit to do which makes our planet , Earth , will be polluted .
And sometimes , if there are many customers , you have to wait for the chef to cook other 's food first . You can save time if you eat at home .
Fifthly , we can have a family time while eating .
But if you eat at home with your family , you can have a joke while preparing dishes or talk about their own private life things .
Because it 's do not feel free to talk about anything outside , because the people at the next table might hear what you are talking about .
So , by having a family time while eating at home , you can have a talk and be a much closer family .
Because of these kinds of advantages and reasons , I prefer to eat at home .
To sum up , the fundamental characteristic of social media is the design of a " Virtual profile " , it requires time to maintain connection between links , friends and be part of groups , this connections will produce negatives effects , especially on psychological well - being .
This outcome , along with several studies , suggests reasonable use of connection media .
However , it is also likely that people 's life , such as loneliness and depression , might explain the effects that social media can have .
Furthermore , it is also possible that , in a future , people will be a subject responses , posts and chat rooms , in which there is awareness of wrong vocabulary , poor routines and compulsive use .
Some people claim that life will change a lot in the next five decades , but , how will it change ?
On the one hand , we have technology .
Technology has developed really fast in the last twenty years , so it 's expected to develop the same way in the next fifty years .
Cell phones are a great example of this evolution .
Fifteen years ago , cell phones did n't have music or a camera , while nowadays they have camera with high definition and you can download a lot of music .
On the other hand , we have transport .
Right now , people are starting to buy hydraulic cars which is more eco - friendly and cheaper because you do n't need to spend money in gas .
Basing on this , we can assume that this kind of cars will be the only ones on the streets fifty years from now .
Science will also change .
Every aspect of science will evolve , for example , new medical discoveries will be made by doctors .
Chemistry may have the chance in the next fifty years to confirm their theories about the existence of atoms .
To sum up , I believe that people 's lives will change a lot because everything will evolve .
I 'm a teenagers and I like to watch movies , as other teenagers .
My favourite kinds are comedis , detective stories and love stories .
I mostly like comedies because they create my mood and put me in high spirites .
Most of us think it 's a great idea , but is it better than our comfortable life in the city ?
Would we live better without technology ?
As we know , the countryside has no pollution compared to big towns , because there are n't cars , lorries , moped or any other motor vehicle .
On the other , hand , technology makes our life easier .
We can get information , chat with friends or even order food instantly with Internet , however unfortunately , we do n't have it in the countryside .
However , I think humans have evolved and we are very happy with technology and the Internet .
There is no doubt that using your private car is much more comfortable & convenient for any person .
Your car represents a kind of luxury & comfort , which is clearly illustrated during driving or travelling for long distances , as long as you have a comfortable seat with a certain personal zone area .
Moreover , you can control your driving speed as fast or slow according to your mood , and so , you own your time .
Even after your arrival , you will have your own car to go here & there fleetly & freely whenever you like , so you have a flexible schedule .
Besides , the presence of a car during a trip is very important for coping with the different conditions and environments you are facing during the journey .
On the other hand , public transport has now become non hygienic as lots of people are crowded into a small and closed area , and so , a lot of breathes & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed place and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases , especially in the winter season where the respiratory tract infections flourish , e.g. cold & flu .
And so you do n't own your time to do what you want whenever you like , although this is my leisure , my free time , which means the time of relaxation & meditation .
My town is one of the cleanest towns in my country , the authorities have been arranged amny procedures to ensure that the town keeps clean at the same time as be environmentally friendly procedures .
As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy , is that the garbage needs to be separated into 3 parts that is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycle bins , one for food and green garbage , one for only papers and catroons and the last is for the rest .
Another handy rule has been decided which is the plastic and the glasses need to be thrown in different bins that are available for the public udsage in each supermarket center , in these , people can find these bins in easy destinations available everywhere .
All the previous steps and more are being applied by my town 's sitizens in order to improve the environment quality and go long with all the procedures that help them live a happily healthy life .
There should be a future for public transport .
It is more important than ever for anyone to think before using their own car .
We are damaging our planet .
We are using up our vital resource in a fast pace .
It is exactly the same for driving cars .
A lot of us , just turn on the engine of our cars without considering walking up to the bus stop .
The public transport system in the UK has so many problems to solve .
The punctuality of trains needs to be improved greatly , too .
In my opinion , we need to save a future for public transport for our future and it is vital to reduce the use of private cars . Travelling by car is more convenient , but with improved public transport , we need to reduce the use of cars .
All in one - come and watch
Have you ever been asked to make a decision and choose only one thing out of many that you really like ?
I am sure you have .
And then you always wonder what would have happened if you had chosen the alternative .
Maybe you just missed something really special ...
You do not particularly like that feeling , do you ?
There is a group of young people who decided once that it is ridiculous to choose if you can have all in one - do you want to meet them ?
Actually , you will have a chance soon .
The Red Dragon Theatre Group is coming to our town next week .
They will bring a lot of good sense of humour , music , dance , and anything you can think of that should appear on stage .
Their main concern is to make you think , laugh , maybe cry a bit , but above all , to give you a great time .
I bet you will love them at first sight .
The group is going to perform in The Globe theatre and they have promised to meet your expectations .
The choice is obvious this time ...
Simply , come and watch .
This amazing film is about two people from a crew of astronauts sent out in space to launch the ' HUBBLE ' telescope .
Soon , one of them was informed that an asteroid hit a satellite and created debris , which was heading for the Shuttle , where the two astronauts were .
Eventually , the debris hit the Shuttle and thus more debris was created which took the orbit of Earth and moved around it with a very high speed .
The damages which the impact of the debris caused to the Shuttle were catastrophic !
To survive , the astronauts had to get to the International Space Station , which was very far away from them .
Moving to the ISS , one of them lost his life and , so , only one of the crew remains alive fighting for the survival .
After the long sequence of events , the remaining astronaut first got to the ISS , then , with a Russian spacekraft , moved on to the Chinese space station called TIANGONG .
And so , the astronaut launched the escape pod and got home !
" Gravity " is indeed a great film and moreover , I myself recommend it to you , students .
My hometown , Piliyandala , is probably the smallest town in Colombo district and provides shelter for more than 100,000 people .
The town has approximately 15 villages and all of them are governed by the urban council .
The Garbage control service is one of the main supporting subsidiaries of the urban council , which was founded two years ago .
Five years ago , the town did n't have any garbage control services to manage the domestic rubbish .
With this garbage control system , household waste being collected on a weekly basis and transported to recycling centers .
Two years ago , the council started a wastebasket distributing program among the villages , with the intention of easing the garbage collection process .
With this approach , it is very convenient for the workers who are engaged in the garbage control service , because they can collect all the garbage of a village in one place .
Villages , on the other hand , are doing their best to reduce the load of domestic waste .
Nowadays , lots of people are discussing the problems of life in the next 50 years . in 50 years ,
surely , science and technology will
progress , and this could have some pros and cons .
I think that in 50 years the public transport will be more efficient .
planes , trains and buses will be faster and maybe , thanks to the progress of technology , we could beam - up every where .
Also , thanks to the progress of medicine , we will achieve some important goals .
This will be a great achievement !
Hello Harry ,
Everything is going great !
I 'm so pleased you 're waiting for me .
According to the schedule , the train arrives to platform # 5 of Central Station at 9 am .
Hope you wo n't get stuck in the morning jam .
( With this letter I 'll send you my new photo of me , but ) anyway , I think you can recognize me by my old photo .
Just in case , I 'll be wearing that yellow hat you sent me last year .
Do you remember it ?
what does she prefers?(I remember you said she liked chocolate .
For sure she has to taste our local chocolate .
Ask her . )
I madly want to visit the ferries wheel in London .
Hope we 'll have enough time to go there .
Also , we can go to some parks that I think are incredible there .
Anyway , we 'll discuss where to go after my arrival .
( So you do n't need to hurry now . )
Thanks for care .
Hope we 'll have a fantastic holiday together !
Kind regards ,
Francois
It tells the story of a beautiful woman , played by the always stunning and talented actress Milla Jovovich , who is pulled off a bridge by a mysterious serial killer .
No one can figure it out until the very end .
For most of her friends in the dorm of University of Education , Mimi is just an ordinary girl , neither beautiful nor smart .
He loves Michael at first sight when he first met her and he tried to take any advantages of opportunities to win her heart .
There is no doubt that the Southerner in Vietnam have had prejudices against Northerner for a long time .
It is unfortunate for Michael to get access to her because she is a Southerner .
I will love you forever and I will come back very soon .
I'll never love any girls but you " .
In terms of love , he did n't love her anymore , but he still kept in contact with her .
She did n't know anything and still waited in pain .
Everything is fine until the end of last summer when she had some days off and made an important decision to go on a holiday trip to visit her boyfriend without any notice for him as a resault of causing completely surprises .
Never in her life had she been to as crowded a city as Danang , so she feft very nervous but extremely excited about meeting her lover soon .
She burst into tears , making efforts to leave that room as fast as possible .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Mikel ,
Hey!how are you ? How is life going ? Hope your done with your prestigious exams that you told me about .
Anyway , I ve recently been organizing an environment - saving event for our breathtaking city by doing a recycling campaign .
Since your dad has a recycling factory , I taught that he would be pleased getting the bottles and the other recyclable material as well .
Aswell as you know , in our country there 's trash being thrown everywhere and most of the things that are thrown away are recyclabe .
The charity I chose to invest in was the envirosavers charity , as they have recently done a good job in re - building animal habitats , so I taught that they might need money , since they just spend money in building the habitats .
İn the event , there will be charged entertainments for all age groups , there will be live music , and we also have a lottery which will be going on .
Waiting for your response and help on they day . Do n't forget ; no amount is too small .
Ertan
Hi Mary !
Thank you for your letter .
It was great to hear from you .
It has been such a long time since we wrote to each other .
You never told me that you were thinking of playing an instrument .
What kind of instrument are you going to play ?
In my opinion , you should try to organise a schedule for your activities .
If you do n't follow the schedule , you should give up one of them .
For instance , you have been doing sport since I met you , so as to give up it for a season .
Do n't you think so ?
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Dear Mrs Elisa Stephens ,
I would like to ask you for just a piece of information .
Surfing the Internet , I have found that if I catch a bus I will be able to get off in several station ( Coach station , Patcham , Preston Circus and so on ... ) , while when travelling by train , I can choose between Brighton and New Brighton .
In fact , I am studying a lot to pass the CAE examination ( Certificate in Advanced English ) , but I am facing several difficulties .
Also for this reason , I have chosen to spend this period in a family .
Indeed , I think this is the best way to improve , by listening to and speaking with native English people .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you soon ,
Yours sincerely ,
Vincenzo Manna
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat so I have lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area is changed so rapidly , such as , Now it have a lot of condomedium were buildeda long the main road and nowaday this area has a big shopping mall and a modern hospital and a large police station . That 's make my life so convenience and safe because i can walk from my house to go to the shopping mall in about 10 minutes other that i can walk to the hospital in just about 5 minute so i did n't worry when i got sick and The large police station is set in front of the hospital . That can assure safety for everyone who live in this area .
For this reason , This is the adventages of living in this area but because of many populations in this area , that make traffic in every rush hours especially in the morning very jam and it take so long time to drive a car to work that is the disadvantages for living in this area . So , In my opinion , this area should have an improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to link covered around this area .
Mary and Amber were having lunch at a restaurant .
However , Mary saw a young man with a baseball cap taking away something .
Mary yelled loudly at the young man to call him to stop and everyone in the restaurant noticed about him .
The manager told them that this guy had stolen many stores in the town , and finally they got him .
The stories of Stephanie and Ali in Rust and Bones , and Pat and Tiffany in the Silverlinings Playbook all began with their lives going through life - altering events .
In Rust and Bones , Stephanie injures herself in a brawl outside of a club and wakes up to realize she has had her legs amputated .
Ali , an unemployed father in his mid-20s who is struggling to make ends meet and support his young son , saves Stephanie and helps her get back on her feet .
Similarly , Pat and Tiffany were also going through hard times when they first met .
Pat had just gotten out of rehab for bipolar disorder , whereas Tiffany , a widow , who had just lost her job .
Once again , their relationship began as friends and transforms into love as they help each other conquer personal challenges .
In sum , both movies portrayed love as a chemistry reaction that stems out when two people are willing to help each other out of life challenges .
In the movie of Rust and Bone , Ali takes Stephanie going out and takes her swimming , even has sex with her , helping Stephanie to restore her life .
On the other hand , after Ali starts his kickboxing career , Stephanie always cares about his conditions , and then becomes his middleman .
Same as Rust and Bone , in the movie of Silver Linings Playbook , Pat companies with Tiffany to break away from the past ; and Tiffany help Pat to get the courage to find the way back into love .
All they want to do is to repair the love meanings and find happiness in their life .
Ali realizes he loves Stephanie and he wo n't be the man he used to be anymore , who do n't believe in love and only want one - night stand .
And in Silver Linings Playbook , Pat and Tiffany , who both used to be stuck in their misfortune in the pass , leave their pass behind and move on with each other 's love and support .
This two movies give us a concept : no matter how worse the lives are , love can make people brave and help them find out the value of their lives again .
Albeit those things in common , at the beginning of the movies , the depression of the characters came from different situation .
However , the characters in Rust and Bone are suffering from declined life quality ; Stephanie lost her legs , and Ali is an impecunious man .
In addition , love is portrayed in different ways in these two movies .
Silver Linings Playbook , as a Hollywood movie , describes the love story in a hilarious tone .
The scene is bright and the rhythm is light , even if in the saddest section .
Rust and Bone , on the other hand , presents the story in a realistic way .
In my opinion , being included in the fresh TV news is a huge contribution , a great opportunity to introduce yourself in the way you like it .
They 're being followed constantly by paparazzi , and their private photos are being bought for millions of dollars .
Of course , being in a similar situation does n't seem to be easy but I think that it is one of the prices of being famous .
We should n't underestimate the importance of societal and environmental problems .
They both must be solved because of their great negative influence on the world .
On the one hand , I think that the most significant is societal problems because they cause other problems , including environmental one .
People always use nature and its resources to satisfy their needs .
Their activities caused lots of negative consequences , such as air , water and land pollution , deforestation and climate change .
These issues are so burning in developing countries .
That 's why I consider that societal issues are the most dangerous .
For example , developing countries can not protect the environment because of their poverty , low incomes , and population illiteracy .
Such disasters as earthquakes , floods and tornados affect a lot of people every year .
It has an unwilling impact on society as people are forced to save their lives , leave or renovate their houses , and to look for clothes , food and others .
In my opinion , the main decision is to develop people 's potential , and increase their awareness of personal effects on nature .
If people take responsibility for their actions , we will avoid plenty of consequences .
We must have strong leaders who will strive for a beautiful world .
People ca n't satisfy their limitless needs ; they think only about their wealth .
He must inspire others to achieve appropriate goals and to do their best for the world .
In my organization , we strive for peace in the world .
We believe that we can develop leadership in each person and in such ways we can avoid a lot of global problems .
This exchange program will give me the required knowledge that I can use effectively to develop Ukrainian society .
Sometimes I have an opportunity and desire to do something , whereas I do n't know how to do it properly .
I hope this international experience will teach me how to work on increasing my country 's welfare .
Though the new problems occur quickly in our state , some people and community , try to do their best to develop the civil and democratic society .
Moreover , our country pays little attention to them , so the population should do everything on their own .
What is more , this project will give me available experience , including specific skills that I can use to spread healthy tendency in the social sphere and careful attitudes to the environment .
It 's a multimedia device so that while you watch TV , you can listen and see other people or cartoons , and it seems the characters are alive talking directly to you .
Today the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can watch the programs at any time you want to , and if you do n't like a program , you can change the channel and watch anything else , if the increase of channels and the competitiveness , the audience has increased also its power of choice .
We have the power to choose what we want , but with so many options , we must be aware of our own decisions , I want to say that , although we have so many options , not all of them are effective for us , we are able to decide if we 'd rather see a comedy or a documentary .
The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficult in their lives , but there are also the solution of all the problems at the end , the lady get married and live happily with his love forever .
Although they have a nice ending , we need to remember that the real life is different and the difficult makes part of our lives , they are there to us to give value to everything we have and to remember us how fragile and , at the same time , how powerful we are .
Having said that , we just need to remember to be aware of what we want to receive from TV while we are choosing a program to watch and be happy with our choices !
Pros and cons - cars in major city centres
In the last 10 years , every second family has had more than one car and , most of the times , each member of the family drives his own car .
Moreover , cars pollute the air significantly and it becomes unhealthy for breathing .
Only public transport is permitted on the main streets , because it is used from a lot of people .
Some drivers are not keen on this ban , because this is inconvenient for them .
In my opinion , these measures related to the ban of cars in the city centres are effective and limit the traffic jam and the air pollution .
How does Shakespeare make ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' magical ?
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' , Shakespeare creates a magical mood and setting by using characters , such as the fairies , and events ( such as transforming Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head ) .
He uses it to help her and try to solve the problems in the lovers ' relation ship as Lysander and Demetrius are in love with Hermia consequently Helena is in love with Demetrius .
It 's almost a love triangle !
The misuse of magic is when it causes an argument between the Athenians .
This whole dispute could have been avoided if not for Puck 's mistake .
Without the misuse of magic , the plot would n't be the same .
In this play , the fairies are almost like the heart of the book .
The fairies also affect nature as Oberon 's and Titania 's dispute results in the wind ' piping ' to them in ' vain'(2:1:88 ) .
Due to having fairies as characters , it adds magic , as fairies do n't exist in the human world .
It creates unreality and fantasy .
The fairies ' magic is built by the contrast of the lives of the fairies and those of the " mortals " .
As a reoccurring theme , Puck 's use of magic creates humour , conflict and balance in the play .
Puck 's magic also adds to his naughty , cheeky , attractive character in this play .
This also leads to more humour as Titania falls in love with Bottom and calls him her ' sweet love'(4:3:30 ) .
It also creates the comparison of Titania , a beautiful , delicate creature , whilst Bottom is completely grotesque .
The idea of Titania having a ' flowery bed'(4:1:1 ) and the idea of Bottom , at that time , looking ' monstrous ' and ' strange'(3:1:91 ) creates a distinction .
The image of the elegant fairy queen referring to a man with a donkey 's head as her ' lover'(3:2:186 ) seem ridiculous .
As well as for his need , he uses his magic to help ' A sweet Athenian lady ' ' in love'(2:2:260 ) ; namely , Helena , with her situation with Demetrius in Act 2 .
Therefore , he is shown as a sympathetic character .
However , Oberon also uses his magic to get the changeling boy from Titania .
When Oberon finds out that Puck has transformed Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head , he gets annoyed at first at Puck 's mistake but later realizes that Titania has fallen in love with a ' vile thing'(2:2:40 ) , a man with an ass ' head .
Titania 's uses her magic to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) the bride 's bed so that Theseus and Hippolyta would have beautiful children and live a happy , married life .
Titania 's fairies are also characters who use magic . They use it to protect their ' fairy queen'(2:2:12 ) from ' spotted snakes with double tongue ' , ' newts and blindworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
Their magic , like Oberon 's , is used to help people , nevertheless not for themselves .
Also , the fairies ' language is magical , as most of their lines are spells and sound as if they were in a fairy tale .
The clothes of the fairies and their lives are also magical .
The place where Titania sleeps is full of ' oxlips ' and ' eglantine ' .
She sleeps on a bower and she wants a fan made of wings of butterflies .
The food they eat like ' apricocks'(3:1:152 ) and ' mulberries ' ( 3:1:153 ) sound exotic as well as not being our daily meals or snacks , which also shows another contrast between the humans and the fairies .
The language of the fairies creates magic by imagery that is absolutely exquisite .
Most of us probably haven't heard of ' oxlips ' ( 2:2:250 ) and ' woodbine'(2:2:251 ) .
Shakespeare 's choice of words creates this .
He talks about ' musk - roses'(2:1:252 ) and ' wild thyme'(2:2:249 ) giving us this image of this beautiful land , with green grass and all sorts of flowers .
This image will probably look like where the fairies live or associate it with a fairy tale .
By doing this , we begin to realize the magic in this play .
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' there are many spells , e.g.
Flower of this purple dye ,
Hit with Cupid 's archery ,
Sink in apple of his eye .
When his love he doth espy ,
Let her shine as gloriously
As the Venus of the sky .
When thou wak'st , if she be by ,
Beg of her remedy .
OBERON(3:2:102 - 109 )
The language used in this spell contains many references to nature ( ' Venus ' and ' Sky ' ) .
This is how it creates magic and creates the setting , as in William Shakespeare 's time , they did n't use many props .
Just by reading this , you can imagine this fairy king chanting a spell on a purple flower called ' love in idleness ' and you can understand Cupid ( the Greek god of love ) had blessed this flower with his archery , giving you an understanding that this is a love potion .
Shakespeare has also used metaphors and similes such as ' let her shine as gloriously as the Venus of the sky ' to create the thought that Helena should look like a ' goddess , nymph , ' in addition to being ' perfect ' and ' divine'(3:2:137 ) .
Shakespeare says ' Flower of this purple dye , Hit with Cupid 's archery ' , causing mystery and letting us think about what he means .
Shakespeare also uses the idea of magic in his conversations with other characters . For example : when Titania speaks to Oberon in 2:1:60 - 145 , she mentions nature many times .
She describes the winter as ' angry'(2:1:112 ) as Winter is sometimes thought of as a miserable season .
The fairies recite their sentences as if they were a poem or song . '
Spotted snakes ' and ' Thorny hedgehogs'(2:2:9 - 10 ) are references to animals .
Animals , insects and plants are commonly referred to in ' ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' and these descriptions add to the magic .
It creates the sense that the fairies thought that the animals were dangerous and the way they describe them engages the reader .
The description of the animals and insects makes them seem as if they were evil spirits to the fairies and spirits are magical .
This play also refers to ' sleep ' and dreams .
After all , the book is called ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' .
Due to the magic , the bizarre events were interpreted as a dream , as there 's be no easier way to make the humans understand the events that had just happened .
Thinking of it as a dream creates innocence and vulnerability .
Also , the thought of all four lovers having the same dream makes it seem strange and magical to them .
Also , Shakespeare uses the thought of plays .
He adds the play ' Pyramus and Thisbe ' which is a bit like a mini - play based on the storyline ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' , as there are two lovers whose parents do n't permit their marriage .
When the ' mechanicals ' , or workers , change into their characters , it is a bit like magic .
The characters in the play , like ' moonlight ' , are basic ideas of transformations like the ones that magic creates .
Also , there is the idea of the alteration of form that Bottom 's head gets ' translated'(3:1:104 ) into expresses the magical feeling that again this is not possible in the human world .
Potions are also used to show a sense of magic .
In the human world , they did n't use spells or potions .
The effect that ' love in idleness ' has in the play , creates the plot and so potions play a main role in the book .
Without magic , the play would not have the same elements of humour .
Also , the absence of magic would alter the overall plot .
The repetitive theme of magic plays a significant role in the play .
To summarize my points , I personally think that Shakespeare presented magic in the play by using thoughts such as transformations , spells , potions and aspects that do n't exist in the human world .
Shakespeare has done it again !
By Pravinija Mukherjee
7Y
Luxor is an amazing city in the south of Egypt .
Lovers of gold and silver can get real bargains at the bazaar shops .
You can enjoy your time here .
You will never forget this amazing experience and the fragrance of the land of the pharaohs , legends and history .
The city of Old Thebes
Nowadays , most schools and universities are helping students to find their most suitable jobs .
Enterprises want to recruit young and experienced people and universities and schools have noticed that , so they are hands on the task .
I shall consider two of the proposed methods .
Students will be able to get know deeply their task as employers .
So , including in the CV the experience , seems to me , a step further in the students ' s career .
I entirely share this idea .
Universities are supposed to give their students information about the skills that a work involves .But sometimes , universities gives them more theoretical formations instead of the practical formation which enterprises are searching .
Generally speaking , students finish their degrees with a limited range of experience .
I would therefore argue that the best way to help students is to combine a kind of " training " for their work life and some theoretical knowledge .
They have to learn the skills that a job involve and the only way to get this is by practicing .
Now a day 's , we are having " n " number of International Sports , where one can prove their own talent and have their socialism .
The shape of the court is in a rectangle and it is divided in half by a net .
It 's a good exercise to make one fit and it 's easy to play .
The fun in this game is that we need to drop the shuttlecock on the other side of the court and wait 's until the opponent responses to it .
As it 's a mind - set game , the player need to focus on the weaknesses and act accordingly .
To be a successful player , one has to learn some tricks , which helps make their game easier .
And last but not least , as a player , one has to keep in mind that , they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands , where instead of that , one has to fight until the last mint of the game in order to decide whether the player is the winner or the loser .
Thus , by boosting themselves lead to success .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm really sorry that I can not accept your offer to work at your restaurant .
I 'm very busy with my new job and with the kids .
But I have someone in mind that can help you at the restaurant is my sister Sorina . You met her at my party .She is a lovely girl , hard working , flexible . You will love to work with her .
She has a lot of experience , she worked in a restaurant for 5 years and also can cook .
Let me know if you are interested in getting to know her better .
Yours ,
Stela
I am very glad to hear that you will come to my country .
In Viet Nam , many places are worth travelling to , such as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or especially Ninh Thuan .
To experience it well , you should stay here at least three days .
Last time , I just had a chance to stay for two days , and I felt regret when I got home .
However , if you are able to cook , I think you will be fine .
Besides , you could sell your own food on the streets , which sounds very interesting .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
A student group use to meet at the College Theatre every Monday for watching films and , afterward , discuss about them , but you 're not alone !
Each Monday there is invited a different guest speaker to the Film Club for manage the discussion with a good drink , thanks to the Coffee Bar 's special late opening .
Famous directors such as Ridley Scott and Alejandro Amenábar came to the club in the last weeks .
On the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club for speaking about the film where they appeared : " Saving Private Ryan " , and their process to get involved into their characters for a real - like acting .
CONCLUSION
If you love the cinema or if you only want to take a break in your daily routine and meet new people and make new friends , you ca n't lose this great opportunity to turn a grey Monday into an amazing start of the week .
However , they want to go out and spend time with their families , as well .
So , where to go ? What to do ?
I 'm suggesting you choose between two different places : the beach or mountain .
If you prefer to go to the beach but you are not sure what to do there , here are some special ideas to consider .
Playing in the sand , burying people one another or making sandcastles might be a great way to spend a day outdoors .
It could be a different way to spend a quiet day in a peaceful , placid and restful place .
In my opinion , no matter where you go , just take your camera and take photos in order to be able to remember that wonderful , amazing even unforgettable moment .
Purpose
The purpose of this report is to showcase the ways in which power consumption is reduced , joined by the saving of natural resources in my city .
Measures being taken
They also encourage people to use bicycles in order not to consume so much fuel .
Their success
More things that could be done
Great Eats !
La Cacharrería is a small , Spanish restaurant in the old town of Cáceres .
It is a popular place .
The interior is simple .
The tables are small and tall but they are comfortable .
The atmosphere is friendly and relaxed .
There is a little courtyard with three tables .
La Cacharreriaes is a tapas restaurant , so you can choose lots of different , small dishes and share them .
I also recommend the zucchini flower or the salads .
The food is always fresh .
The service at La Cacharreria is very good .
Another thing about this restaurant is that it is cheap , about 20E per person .
I recommend La Cacharería , because it is a great place for a quiet meal with friends .
Hi Ryan ,
I hope to receiving your answer soon .
Bye ,
Aranzazu .
Sleeping to much is a relief , but for others it can be torture .
Different factors such as stress , psychological problems , noise , lights , that do not let you rest .
" Sleep and Your Health " talks about this .
They mention 3 things we should do to sleep better and be healthy as well , which we will discuss below .
I sure do not get enough sleep , but it 's not a sleep disorder , if not , the pace of life I lead .
The reading speech of many , but those with whom I identify most is caffeine before sleeping and eating heavy food before bedtime .
I definitely need to pay attention to these factors and , that way , I can see improvement .
The third and final step is to try to identify problems at first .
It is very important to know how we can improve our health .
There are different medications or even natural things to improve these conditions .
In summary , it is important to pay attention to our health .
So , for now , we must sleep well to be healthier .
My favourite sport .
Let me tell you about my favorite sport .
I like many types of sports but I prefer swimming best .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
We have a swimming pool in our school and we swim from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. When I swim I feel very happy and relaxed .
The benefits of swimming are that your body is healthy and your brain is alert .
To practise this sport , first you have to meet someone who can teaches you how to swim , because it is a beautiful sport but it is also dangerous .
You have to have a good coach and a good swimsuit .
If you try it , you can do it .
Karen
Cars actually have many advantages .
The main reason to consider there is a future for public transport is that , according to ecologists , we must cut down the massive use of cars .
The pollution level is more and more increased by this excessive use .
Everyone ca n't afford a car or , for any reason , some people are n't able to drive one .
In conclusion , from my point of view , people from all over the world would rather travel by car than travel by public transport , but we 'd better use this means of transport if we want to continue living in accurate conditions .
Garo ,
Please find below clarification related to the below issue :
During a meeting with head of the department in MOH , I was complaining about service of the microscope by their staffs ( almost 99.9%from Olympus Microscopes are not under Service Contract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested to provide the required training for his all staffs , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
The next day I have received a call from one of the technician , Mr. Humam Altannous ( who was a compliant against us ) , and asking to repair the Microscopes in Malariya Lab ( which are not under warranty or Contract ) .
But he is not ready to accept it and is asking us to come and repair the unit without any repair request being issued . please note that our telephone conversation was only for 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me and hang - up the phone ) .
He was not asking any Manual / trouble - shooting instruction during our call , what he mentioned in his email .
The next day I was compliant against him with the Head of the department , It was only during that time only I came to know that he is one of the technician who is taking care of repairs of the Microscopes in the department , and his Manager requested me to not repair any unit without an official request , beside he will come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
We hope that the above explanation is sufficiently clear and exhaustive .
Thanks for your kind understanding
Firstly , I have asked about the music that is listened to and about their favourites styles and groups and the results showed us that they are n't similar compared to the music they liked a few years ago .
In addition , plenty of girls who were interviewed told us they could n't stand reggaeton music , however they used to want to listen to it in discos because they could dance .
In my opinion , young people do n't have a musical culture and magnificent bands of music like the Rolling Stone are going to have to remaining in the oblivion .
Most people prefer to watch reality programmes where people have to live with unknown people , in order to gossip about them .
Finally , I also talked about the clothes they usually wear .
First of all , thanks to the internet , you can meet or talk to people even if they are not by your site .
Furthermore , if you are a shy person , this way is very useful for you because you can talk more directly with someone .
Secondly , if you use the Internet to meeting new people , it 's a good way to finding people with similar interest . You can enter an application and you can explain how you look like and someone is interested in you .
Finally , I think that thanks to the internet you can talk with someone who live in Japan , but often you stop talking with someone who is in yours front .
In conclusion , I 'm agree that the Internet it 's a good way to meeting friends because you can get to know a lot of people around the world .
The statement - ' There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . ' can be discussed in relation to two different aspects .
Transport has become faster and more convenient , and it can be attributed to a lot of factors , such as better roads , new technologies and innovations etc .
People who travel daily to work , usually prefer public transport over their own car as it is a cheaper option .
Also , as public transport such as the metro do not need to face traffic , it is always a faster way to reach the office .
On the other hand , if I would be travelling to see my friends or family in a nearby town or just on a holiday tour , I would prefer my car .
In future ; the environment will also become a key factor in determining the state of these transport mediums .
In my opinion , it is , probably , the base of the values of every society , because our children from now will be the men or women of the future .
In Spain , the vast mayority of schools are state schools .
I studied in a state school and I believe that I get a good education , not only academic training but also strong principles to live in society .
From my point of view , I feel like we are losing things so important as the effort to reach goals or respectful for everyone .
Nowadays , we are living in a global world and we must learn how to live together . Therefore , the education is the only way to achieve it .
For instance , knowing other languages , like English , is increasingly day a day .
there are a variety of transport mean .
Some are private and some are public .
Public transport means such are trains , planes and buses are known as the most cheap and are used by all travelers , and the coast of using them is something that suits the people who earn not so much money .
They cost too much to own them , and to run them .
Their fuel and kits are rather expensive .
The user of the transports mean are differ , the public ones are able to carry big number of travelers , where as the private means are used by very little number of people .
Introduction :
Minuses :
The club 's cafeteria , locker rooms and bathrooms are too small for the number of members .
Pluses :
The Club offers a wide range of activities to spend time doing .
Those activities developed my interest in sports and nature .
The staff must also be congratulated .
Recommendations :
Although the facilities are well organised , they are too small , since more and more people are becoming members of the club .
Dear Jo
Thanks a lot for your letter ! I am pleased to hear that everything is well with you and that you are coming to Poland .
In my opinion , Poland is beautiful country , so you will not be disappointed ! I would recommend you starting your trip in Poznan .
I would love to show you around my city .
Next , you can head to Warsaw .
It 's a beautiful city !
I would like to ask you if you like mountains ?
If so , I recommend you to explore Stołowe Mountains - in my opinion , it 's the most beautiful place in Poland .
There are surely a lot of job offers suitable for you !
I think your knowledge of English will be your great advantage .
Best wishes ,
Piotrek
Hereby I am writing in reference to the advertisement published for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , in order to apply for the job .
I would like to share with you that my younger brother adores me , such as my other cousins , whose ages remain as the required standard for going camping .
I am also a talented cooker for kids , my view is also trying to convince them that cooking is fun and sometimes they ask me to teach them how to make basic dishes , such as ommelettes , spaghetti and more .
My plan is to have fun and provide fun with my work for children , I consider myself very patient and I do care for children , in that order of ideas , I would like to apply for the job and , if it 's possible , join your next camp in the summer .
Gerard
Doing sports or just watching them ?
Nowadays , there are many people who practise sports , but other people prefer just watching them .
On the one hand , doing sports allows you to have a healthier life .
Most doctors recommend doing this .
Doing sports is a good way to forget about real life , you focus on the competition and it is like to have a rest from the cotidian life .
In conclusion , personally , despite the danger of some sports , doing sports is by far better than just sit in your house and watching them .
It would be a great chance for your club to share my ideas to improve your facilities .
Please refer to the good and bad points of your club , in my view , as below ,
1 . All the people who work in the club are attentive and professional
2 . The facilities are cheap to use
3 . The changing room is very clean
1 .
The gym of your club is not open from 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
2 .
I would like to recommend that the gym opens at 7:00 AM for the people who want to visit there a little bit earlier and the heating changing room should be fixed .
BTLee
The problem about this mansion is that the same hides a lot of secrets and misteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners , who are a family whose husband went to war and died . So the real ocupants of the house are nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister anne who turns out to be one of the most important characters of the film , and their mother , who is called grace and has a particulary obsession for catholisism .
The film descrives how the love that a mother can give to her children can easlily turn into an obsession.however,what makes this film so special is that that pretends to be a typical horror movie , but at its final scene , there is a suddenly change wich turn it more interesting .
It was made in the right place for such an unexpected film as it was made in a big manor on an abandoned foggy island .
I would recomend this film to anyone , even those who are easily scared scared because it is not as the resto of the horror movies , it is a film in which you are continuely discovering secrets as if you where another character .
You will have a great time .
Public transport was developed for people who were poor and could not afford their own transport .
At first , this transport was appreciated marvelously .
Everyone felt so delighted , but unfortunately , now people feels uncomfortable when it comes to travel via public transport .
In the early days of public transport , people were only stick to their normal routine and did not wish to earn more from their job or work .
Today , every single person is curious to earn money as much as they can and the interesting part is that this curiosity is increasing day by day , and so is their income .
So , now , almost 80 percent of people can afford their own transport .
The main advantage of having your own transport is that you do not have to wait for the public transport , you can save your time as you only need to accelerate your own transport and drive to your destination .
Public Transport is slow now , even though they are very comfortable , but unfortunately , people feel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper class would travel through public transport , it would affect his respect .
But still there are so many people who use public transport frequently , but that is only their compulsion and poverty .
When they would be financially stable , they would surely buy their own vehicle .
It is a well - known fact that transport is quite related with pollution .
Wheter public transport might be the solution , or be more adeccuate or not , it is something with arguments in its favour and against it .
You do not have to wait for a specific time to cath the bus , for example .
Secondly , people think buying a car is a cheaper option in the long term than travelling by public transport every day .
We also speak about noise .
If everyone travelled by bus , cities would be a quite different to the ones we know now .
Dear Paul ,
To tell you the truth about the concert , I did n't think that it would be cool but it was !
I really liked to work with special effects and the best thing was that I learnt a lot about that tehnology .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you !
Best wishes ,
Sasha
These modes of transportation can be easily found anywhere to reach your destination .
On the other hand , travelling by car is more convenient and safe .
Travelling by car is preferred by some people because of its convenience and advantages .
For example , air bags have been tested to ensure the safety of the passenger and the driver .
Also , this is the cheapest way to get to your preferred location .
I disagree that there is no future for public transportation as it is still widely used all over the world .
Moreover , this has helped a lot of people , especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
However , public transportation in the future might be improved and developed and will still be used by many people .
The side effect of depending only on cars as the main means of transportation are remarkable .
we should encourage public transportation all we can because every city now has a huge number of cars run on it 's streets and this number is going up speedy .having this huge increasing of cars that will impact badly in public health & the environment and infrastructure .
It is more convenient with modern lifestyle to travel with a car because of the privacy and independently.the remarkable development of car 's luxury features and more option .
although , it will be over cost in full , car service and the effort of concentration on driving . All of this negativity you can avoid it easily by using public transportation , it should be cheaper than using your own car , you do not have to look after it , and you can do activities wail you are on it , like reading or chatting with your friends or having important phone call .
The environment impact is an important factor we should consider , having this number of cars is like having thousands of factories in our streets giving us tans of CO2 gas and many other pollution gases.the speed of new train or plans or even buses is now competing withe car 's speed and is even more fast than it in a lot of places .
Using public transportation is better than use individual cars , but we should put more attractive things inside it and should have new designs and more privacy and luxury means , expanding the use in electric car and other clean energy is very important right now to reduce environment 's pollution as far as we can .
Hi !
How are you ?
Thanks so much for your last letter .
I have never forgotten that funny story about the baseball match .
It was so impressive .
Sport is really important .
Hope my thoughts will be interesting for you .
As for my personal experience of sports , I do n't do it professionally .
My future job wo n't be connected with it .
So sport is my hobby , a nice method of having a rest , spending some new unusual life .
Most of all , I enjoy playing volleyball and badminton .
I do n't know why exactly .
Maybe I had n't enough time .
Badminton is what I consider to be my favorite .
We have a great time .
It makes my day more productive .
How could I forget about cycling ?
It 's also useful for the cardiovascular system .
I 'm absolutely convinced , everyone should realize that the most important thing is their health and sport really can help .
So it 's better to choose sport instead of computer in order to relax , feel positive emotions .
The Home of the Future
Having lived during the century , which provided humanity with glass houses , question ponders , how will the home of the Future look like ?
Predictable , some of the solutions will remain intact .
Any changes would mean a resignation of comfort .
Buildings will become smaller , yet more functional and organised .
As a matter of fact , reduction of living space will not be noticeable due to thinner walls .
The windows are bound to be broader .
The screen will be no longer required for the computers and TV .
All electronic devices will be controlled by the voice or thoughts .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing this letter because I am concerned about facilities for shoppers in our area .
First of all , I have to admit I am addicted to shopping and I really like that there is such an extensive shopping area in our town .
Unfortunately , I think there are some aspects that demand improvements .
In my opinion , parking charges are too high .
Furthermore , the shopping area lacks restaurants and entertainment facilities .
People usually become hungry after shopping , so opening eating places in this area would be very beneficial .
In addition , the shops arrangement is actually very messy and finding the store I need is hard .
I would like to propose some solutions , as well .
Finally , opening restaurants with different types of food and entertainment facilities like movie theatres and gyms should be considered .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
My favourite sport is undoubtedly jogging .
I am very lucky because not far from my home there are three parks , so I can practise this sport whenever I want .
Usually I jog three days a week and , honestly , I could n't do without it !
Once I 've finished my training , I go home , take a shower and ... I feel like a new woman ! !
My advice for those people who want to take up this sport is to start gradually .
If you prefer , you can substitute stretching with a few yoga exercises as well .
Good jogging ! !
On the one hand , if you have money and a lot of free time , you can spend all day dodging in the mall for only one , special kind of skirt or pair of jeans .
And when you want to buy something in a lower price , you need to go to the mall when there are seasonal sales .
But then everybody goes crazy , you need to crowd through the mob , argue with another person for one , special pair of shoes in your size .
For me , it is only a torture .
Also , you can be robbed because in crowded places you can easily fall prey to pickpockets .
Otherwise , you need to have time to walk through all the shops and find what you need , every thing on the rack is calling for your attention , after a while you want to buy everything .
On the other hand , if you find a real bargain and buy something in a very low price , you will be happy and content for the rest of the day .
For me , it is not necessary because every seller gives the size of his product and then I can check if this thing will be good for me or not .
Also , you can always return it , like in the stationery stores .
Summing up , I prefer doing my shopping by means of websides or auction portals .
There , I can easily find what interests me , what is in my size etc .
For me , it is an easier and faster way to buy what I want , often in a better price .
The first step is design , which includes background colour , artwork and security issues .
Then they move to the next step , preparation of metal plates , while skilled machinists is needed in this process .
Printing is quite closely related to the first two steps , because the design and skilled machinists should both be considered .
And when the sheets of bank notes are being printed , colour on both sides , special ink and slightly raise image should be on the bank note .
However , there is a big difference between these three types .
Conversely , bad sheets and bank notes will be destroyed .
I am a pretty energetic , hard - worker and , also , I know how to speak English really well and a bit of Italian language .
Besides , I think I would be a good worker for you because I know to how cooking and how I to look after the children .
In addition , I am very keen on children and teach them the marvels of the environment .
I have worked in activities out - of - school before and in other summer camps in the south of America , too .
Besides , I need the money to become free and no longer depend more of my parents .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Contact me by email .
Thanks .
Elvira
There are so many options on television that sometimes it 's hard to make up your mind , do n't you think ?
Moreover , the repeating is massive , I bet that at least once a week you can find that old series called friends , ca n't you ?
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Firstly , I must inform you that I am dissatisfied with the hotel receptionist , because he forgot to place my wake - up call and , as a result , I overslept and I missed my flight .
I had to buy a ticket for the next flight .
Furthermore , I was late for a very important appointment and I lost a lot of money .
I believe you should give this matter your urgent attention .
I feel that you should refund my cost of staying at your hotel and I demand a refunding of the cost of another plane ticket I had to buy .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
The Warriors Museum is the best known museum in the region .
The guides are helpful and brainy - you can ask them any questions and they will answer .
The breathing landscapes you can see from a museum are also a great advantage .
The museum is located near the center of the city , you can get there by bus in 5 minutes or go for a walk for about 15 minutes .
Tickets cost 15 zlotys for students and 20 zlotys for adults .
I hope I was helpful . I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
My name is Arturo Archuleta , I 'm from Mexico and I 'd like to talk about my favorite sport , " Muay Thai " .
The first time practicing Muay Thai was 5 years ago , at that time , I was n't sure of practicing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most of the young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't practise Muay Thai and it is not well known .
It was hard at the beginning , just like when you start doing something new , so here are some tips if you want to start practicing Muay Thai .
Be confident
Work on it , that 's part of mental strength .
Warm - up
Before starting the practice you should warm up , you do n't want to cramp up , right ?
Never give up
If you do n't know how to kick or blow , ask your shifu ( teacher ) and keep doing it until you get it .
Practice
All this will help you to improve .
Enjoy
You know you like a sport when you enjoy it and you feel comfortable to practise , that 's what I recommend you do , enjoy and be happy practicing because Muay Thai is a beautiful sport !
I am an economics student in National Chung Cheng University , which is placed in Taiwan .
The reason why I want to change my major is that I found that I have a big interest in Accounting than in economics when I studied in the first year of university .
Another reason for being a graduate school student is can to learn more practical knowledge which can be applied in my future 's career .
So , If I can join your school , I will cherish this opportunity and work hard in school .
When I was a child , my math score was better than in other subject .
Also , I have some jobs experience that is relevant to Accounting .
My first job was as an assistant of my financial accounting 's professor .
Another job was a part - time job in Leofoo Village .
I think patience and carefulness are two pivotal personal traits to major in financial accounting .
This is a nervous and excited decision to me , but I wo n't regret it and I am ready to join the field of the Accounting and to be a graduate school student .
Mike was one of the best awardees in the class .
He 's been doing great in both academic and extra - curicular activities in the school .
As the tournament began , he 's been getting a high points for his team , and because of that nice contribution they have won the game .
It had been a very extensive and tiring day to all of them but Mike felt he had achieved something really good because fortunately he was won as the most valuable player too .
He 's not only doing excellently as a student , however he 's been known as one of the most popular students because he works voluntarily as a couch to the younger kids in his town .
He wants other kids to be inspired also in everything they are capable of doing .
For him , it 's absolutely right to begin doing something meaningful in their lives .
As we all know , youth is the hope of our society and they have proven that .
the mistake is something you may do unintentionally . However , people believe that mistakes can later be improved or ignored , whereas , sometimes we may make mistakes that could break somebody 's heart .
Michael was a teenager therefore was not mature as a an adult , thus his decision were all emotional .
Who was not only fair but a very attractive girl .
As soon as she entered through the college gate , everybody was smitten by her .
And they both had a great understanding . However , this innocent girl had grabbed the attention of all the viewers similarly , the two .
The girl liked Michael 's friend , Henry .
Michael could not digest this fact , since he could not compromise on anything .
Michael thought of a dirty game . He called , Henry at a birthday party and took him on the terrace and pushed him down .
Henry kept on shouting at him to stop and not to betray his oldest of the friend . "
do not do such a thing that would make you regret it later"Henry said .
Henry fell down and his head was injured . Michael left him to bled profusely and later a pedestrian saw his body , tried to look at his pulse rate , but encountered that he was dead .
Later , the girl discovered that Michael was all behind the incident .
After the inquiry , Michael was put behind the bars and the girl went away .
And Michael just had the regret all the way later
Have you ever thought about what your life would be like in the next 50 years ?
If you are quite young , you can expect to be alive in 2064 .
It 's quite amusing to try figuring out what the life in the future could be like .
First of all , oil should be overcome as a source of energy .
Secondly , we can expect to live in a hi - tech house , with smart furniture .
They could cook for us , drive our cars , wash our dishes , take care of our children and so on .
On the one hand , we could live in a more relaxed way , on the other hand , we colud think about settling on other planets .
Would you like to live on the Moon ?
Can you imagine a holiday on Mars ?
Finally , you can think it will be a green , peaceful , enjoyable world .
The members of my family are my best friends .
Why do I think so ?
I 'll try to explain .
Every day , for we are looking for friends .
It 's a way to deal with the external world .
But what if nobody wants to talk to you ?
What if you 're alone and no one can understand you ( and you have no money and insurance to visit a psychologist ) ?
You return home .
There you can cure your sick heart .
They treat you for who you are and know all your faults , but still love you .
My parents are my best friends because I can trust them , love them and look forward to our meeting .
Thank your parents if they are alive and think about if you would become a good friend to your future child .
THE LUCKIEST MAN IN CÁCERES
The luckiest man that you can know in Cáceres is called Sergio .
He is still in his twenties and he has studied computer engineering .
Until now , all is normal in his life .
However , when Sergio finished his studies he was hired by Microsoft in the United States .
Despite this , one day Sergio realised that what he was doing was not his true dream .
He did not want to earn much money , what he truly wanted was to earn enough money to travel around the world , and not a job which does not allow him to do his hobbies , although it gives him a lot of money .
Then Sergio left Mycrosoft , created his own website which gave him enough money , and travelled wherever he want .
Now he is a famous person on the internet because of his blog : ' Live to the fullest ' .
From : Rafa
To : Alex
Subject :
First , I think that 's a fantastic idea to go to the new activity centre . We 'll enjoy it a lot and meet new places .
If we have extra time , we can do the other activity whether you want .
But you can tell me other option when I to go to your home .
The population grows , with more business skyscrapers , residential houses and advanced transportations , at the cost of diminishing farmland and , wetland as well as deforestation .
Though the modern cities are emerging repaidly , the problems caused by excessively exploiting the enviorment are severly various .
It is clear that habitats for all kinds of wildlife are vanishing as the bio - diversity decreases .
The red coral reef off the coast in Austrialia , for instance , serve as a shelter for algea and other sea tiny fishes and an index of enviroment fragility .
Due to the massive construction of five - star hotels on beaches , the biological chain there are cut off and enviromental variations are gone away .
On top of that , It is the regulation capacities of the enviorment that for temperature , moisture and even the sandstorms are erode as less plants engage inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen into the whole system .
Secondly , the government must fund environmental organizations , in order to manipulate and coordinate more power to stop the illegal hunting , deforesting and animal extinctions .
Furthermore , the government should go out of their ways stand united in such a way which joint endeavours could be effective globally .
Hello Paula
We prepared for it for a long time , but I had a wonderful experience .
I learned to decorate the stage and sew costumes .
During the concert , one boy forgot the text and began to improvise .
All the audience began to laugh .
The concert was very good .
The course is going to finish , so the teacher want that we go out to a restaurant .
The choice was n't easy because the teacher is vegetarian .
The owners cook all types of cuisine and we can go there after the lesson .
The prices are not expensive and the foods are very good .
There are not many tables , but we are only seven people and this is n't a problem .
We will go there next Monday .
I have booked a table for eight people because our boss will come too .
We will eat a legume soup as a start , a boiled fish with green salad as the main course and a dessert at the end .
I have just fixed the price per person .
We are going to pay 15 euros per person .
I think it will be a wonderful way to finish our English course where we have surely improved in writing , speaking and listening .
Therefore , I want to say a special thanksgiving to our teacher .
In my area , young people have a lot of options .
If the weather is n't good enough , they can find a lot of cafes opened from morning until late at night and here , if they are old enough , they can also order alcholics .
At the " Soft Notes " , you can ear music played live every Friday and Sunday evening .
In this place , there are guys and girls attending pedagogy who organize activities to entratain children of every age .
In the moment of choosing , very different aspects , like ecological effects , the economic viability and even time uses , take part on the decision .
Firstly , the car option is the best one in terms of comfort , because you do not depend on a specific time to travel and modern cars have the best technology in equipment and facilities .
By the other hand , traffic is the biggest trouble talking about transport , the cars facilities are replaced by the need of punctuality and , depending on the city , the delays are a concerning point when we talk about travelling by bus or trains .
To sum - up , neither cars nor public transport is considered the perfect option , but considering the long term consequences , as is nowadays common in some European countries , bicycles are the best way .
Dear Jane ,
it 's so kind of you to send me my favourite Glaswegian postcards !
Well , to start with , I 'd like to attend an intensive English course ; you know I 'm fond of foreign languages and keen on learning English as much as I can .
I 'm a greedy guts !
Michael
Fashion , clothes style , trendy appearance , make - up , properly , the hear ...
Normally , people choose clothes that famous people wear or that appear in the magazines .
I think that there are many different occasions , and each one requires a different type of clothes .
For example , in work interwies and work that have a direct contact with the public , it is better to use a for or smart style .
And the same happened with parties , festivals , sports and other events .
Although in some occasions some clothes styles are required , people should have the freedom to choose what clothesdo they want to wear , and it should not have consequences in our life .
In cities like Mexico , some people have the opportunity to use Uber , that is a service that you can use if you have a credit card , it is an amazing service , but not all the population have a car or the economic status to use an uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the buss or cab driver yell them or drive bad , in Mexico , the public transportation , in specific the cabs , are not a very secure service , because some of the drivers still and kindnap , in may situation they can kill you if you do not have your precautions . but despite of this , it is very sad that in that place people can not do some thing because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more , so they have to took .
In cities like the United Sates of America , where people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social condition so for the American people , public transportation it does not matter , they have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decided for commodity .
The future of the public transportation can be death or can be in growth , it depends on were do you position your point of view , in Mexico , maybe it will never die , but in the United States the public transportation is now in agony .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She went to the kitchen and saw a beautifully prepared breakfast .
Suddenly , she remembered that for three days she had been living with Chuck - her boyfriend .
The day was very sunny and cloudless .
Flowers was in every colour of the rainbow , the leaves on the trees were going green .
When she came to the office , she saw on her desk a note with a heart shape .
She smiled and thought that it is a joke .
But moment later , she found a second letter about the same shape .
She opened again and again read : " Meet me at 11 at the fountain in the park " .
Anna looked at her watch and went as fast as she can run to the park .
It appers that at the fountain stay Chuck , and waiting for her .
When she come closer , he knelt on one knee and said : " Will you marry me Anne ? " .
She was shocked .
She was run out of words and just nod her head , what it means : " yes " .
They together come back home and spend the rest of the day together .
At the end of the day , she said : " You 're right .
It 's the best day of my life " .
Sarah focused on her cellphone , and Stephan was listening to music loudly with his MP3 .
After a few minutes , Sarah was chatting happily on the cellphone and did n't see there was a tree in front of her , so she bumped into the tree and hurt her head .
Sarah yelled loudly for help , but Stephan did n't notice and hear that , so he kept on walking and listening to his music .
Fortunately , there was a mother with her child strolling behind them , and she saw Sarah got hurt .
They took her to the hospital .
Stephan was still listening to the music and crossing the street .
But he did n't aware that the traffic light has turned red , so the car could n't go through .
The man in the car was very annoyed and pushed the horn seriously , but Stephan did n't hear that .
The man got down the car to tell Stephan to stop listening to the music and pay attention with things around him .
Stephan went to the hospital immediately to see how Sarah was .
Luckily , Sarah was fine due to the woman who was walking behind them had called the ambulance at once .
Stephan was glad that Sarah was alright and also thankful to the woman .
After these incidents , not only Sarah but also Stephan realized how dangerous it was when you focused on technological products instead of the things around you .
Book Review :
The Hunger Games
I have just read the first book in a trilogy called The Hunger Games .
When I started reading I could not put it down because it is a fascinating story that grabs you .
The story takes place in a country called Panem which is located in what was once known as North America .
Katniss , the protagonist , is a teenage girl of 16 which is forced to poach to feed his family since his father died
An increasing number of people begin to discuss for the success in school or work , and whether the having an ability to adapt or adjust to conditions or circumstances is more important than having excellent knowledge or a field of study .
Many people air their opinions based on their own value system .
However , does the claim really ring true , conforming the real situation ?
It is my contention that the people , who have the ability to adapt or adjust to conditions or circumstances have a higher percentage be successful in school or work .
That is why it is not to be the key point that is considered the key to success .
According to the investigation conducted by the 104 human resource bank , the percentage of people using the knowledge in the work field that they learnt from school has surprising reduced in the last two decades by roughly thirty percent , a figure that has nearly one half compared to that of a half - century ago .
This phenomenon had been curiously many experts .
In sum , there may be some people who may disagree with my position on this matter .
In this essay , I will discuss whether older or younger parents are better .
Nowadays , the statistics show that many people are younger than in generations before .
Every child wishes to have young parents , but is it really better ?
Actually , the teenagers are right because younger parents have a stronger relationship with their children .
Apart from this , the small difference between the ages is also an advantage .
On the other hand , a disadvantage is that young parents are not able to protect their babies without having experience on that .
In my age , young parents and I have in common that we go out in the evenings .
From my point of view , older parents can give better advice in every difficult situation .
However , the progress in adolescence is important for the next stage of life , so I believe both are good at bring up their children .
To conclude , you can not change your parents anyway .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He was shaking .
" I can't ... do it " , he slammed his head on the desk .
" I ca n't . "
He looked to the bathroom door and walked over to it .
He turned the lights on to see his face .
It was a note .
" Tom . Tom . Tom . Tom , " it said .
That scared him .
It could n't be him again ...
He turned the note to see something .
" 1992 - 2015 " .
He felt it again .
The same feeling he had when he saw it .
He fell backwards and when he looked up , he saw it again .
" Tom . You are impolite .
First , it is my family that helps me to make a good decision . I live with my husband for more than ten years , so we know each other quite well to support the other one .
If somebody in my family ask me to help , I need to know the whole true , without any potential lies .
On the other hand , there is one other most important thing in my life- health .
In conclusion , if I have to think about one thing , which is more important in my life that the other one .
I will always choose the health , because when a person is healthy , he or she can do everything .
There are some solutions to prevent the rise in the consumption of sugar - sweetened drinks .
The first solution is to change the portion size of soft drinks , which means smaller size of beverages could contain less sugar .
The National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) points out that the most consumption of beverages for a teenager per day is sugar - sweetened soft drinks .
Therefore , the changing portion size of soft drinks would be efficient to reduce sugar intake for teenagers each time .
The limitation of this solution is the public may not be satisfied with this size of soft drinks .
To overcome it , the producer of soft drinks could take a investment to teenagers what size is suitable before changing it .
Another solution to this problem would be education .
Family education would be introduced to their kids .
The National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) reports that teenagers are the main soft drinks consumers and the most consumption of beverage is sugar - sweetened drinks .
If parents educate their children to keep away from soft drinks or cultivate the awareness of drinking water .
They would not consume such a large amount of beverages .
However , children my get soft drinks outside the family .
Therefore , their kids would follow their parents ' habits and behaviors .
In conclusion , increasing the consumption of soft drinks is one of the issues to prevent from obesity and overweight .
A number of strategies could be efficient to address these problems .
Teenagers are the main target who drink too many soft drinks .
So that parents ' education and changing portion size could be useful to address the problems which happens around teenagers .
We can say that the Coyle 's idea is well developed thanks to two features that pass through the chapter and likely the entire book : first of all , many significant references and specialized people are mentioned to define what " deep practice " is ( a psychologist , some experts in their own field , authors who have already analyzed that particular topic … ) ; secondly , but no less important , Coyle himself collected the most of his information while visiting at least nine places , nine " hotbeds " ( 12 ) where talents grow , as a sort of collection of data gathered from laboratory experiments .
It has to be that way !
Although we did not have the current social communication means such as Facebook , Twitter , Whatsapp , we were very sincere and close to each other , more than these virtual frienships prevailing today .
I have already exprienced one friendship through an organization , International Youth Service IYS , a benficiary association established for youth friendship .
I have a personal experiment backs to 1987 , in this year , I had started a pen friendship with a German girl called Claudia who was 17 years old then .
The surprise is , today I am 44 years old and Claudia is 40 years old and we still correspond to each other through the modern means of Facebook and Whatsapp , of course , we no longer can wait for thirty days while we can chat and see each other live .
In my country , I have two sincere friends since we were about 7 years old and we still in a strong friendship up till now .
It is not necessary to agree with each other in everything where we always debate and challenge whose opinion is correct .
Meanwhile , we support each other in crises , regular life troubles and sickness .
Skate or Hate
As I am in my late 20s , I 've found it hard to find a sports activity that would neither be so competitive as those in fashion in my country nor as demanding , so I could do it in my free time .
One fine summer 's day , I was walking along the streets of a coastal city when all of a sudden I came across a shop that caught my eye .
In one of the windows I found a skateboard and along came the memories of the year 2000 and the MTV channel that I was brought up into .
I thought to myself that could be a challenge and , with no second thoughts , I purchased the board .
It is funny how such a simple activity can bring so much joy into a person 's mind during the well - deserved breaks .
I suggest playing safe and being patient .
No future for public transport ?
However , the latest studies shows a car is not always more efficient .
In deciding whether to choose a car or public transport we need to consider many factors , such as length of journey , time of the day we travel , area we travel through , number of us , weather etc .
As there are cases where a car is much more efficient than public transport , and the other way round .
In addition , travelling by train saves a great deal of money as there is no parking fee .
Moreover , there are discounts for regular journeys .
A car is unbeatable for its flexibility .
Although , there are some disadvantages of using a car , such as traffic jams and a high maintenance cost .
All in all , in most cases , using your own car can save you money , time and effort .
The popularity of cars confirms it .
Therefore , it has a safe place in our society .
The use of public transport has become an important issue nowadays .
There are those who try to avoid the use of public transport and prefer driving their own car due to the advantages it offers .
However , there are those who reject this and are in favour of the use of public transport .
Firstly , it allows you to go directly somewhere , without finding out the information about the timetables of public transport such as buses or trains .
Another benefit of not using public transport is the time you can save .
For instance , if you have to go to another city by bus or train to reach your workplace , the time you waste since you set off increases .
Saving time in the mornings allows you to sleep more or to spend more time with your family .
Moreover , the use of your own car has more advantages . Travelling by car avoids you getting wet when the weather is rainy .
The government usually advise the population to use public transport to cut down pollution and the amount of gases which damage the atmosphere .
In addition , it is often claimed that it is cheaper than travelling by car .
Although it has some benefits , in most part of the country , especially in the smallest towns , the public transport is not enough developed .
In my opinion , it could be useful hardly ever times , so it would be necessary a great amount of improvements .
This is an interesting concept because it can give the government the money it needs to solve its other problems and does n't necessarily break any rule of personal space .
Dear Mr ... ,
First , I want to present myself . My name is Daniela and I 'm 16 years old .
My English is improvable but by speaking I hope that I 'll do it well .
I like organising activities and games to make people enjoy their time .
I 'm a cheerful person , so I would attempt to give my best for receiving the attention of the children .
Also I 'm very responsible and hardworking , so I would take care of the children and I would do my tasks the best I could .
It 's a wonderful adventure .
Sincerely ,
Daniela Conti
In this article I am going to write about my favourite sport , football .
I love football because it 's a team sport .
You feel that you are a part of the team and everyone is together .
It 's also a really fun sport to play .
It 's really fun when we are playing for different cups , Gothia , for example .
It is the worlds biggest youth cup and are located in Gothenburg in Sweden .
Both cups are really fun to play in , and it 's extremely fun to go far in the cups .
And when a football training session goes bad , you do n't have to complain so much about it .
Just keep going and try to do it again .
Of course , you can be angry , but it 's not a big deal .
well , the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nigth because it 's when I arrive at home and I have finish my whole rutine , so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax , so I would say that nigth is the most relaxing part of my day , so it is the one I prefer the most .
Ithink there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life , but it depens on the situation , because I also like to let thing be alnd let them happend because they have to happend , so the majority of the time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happend and not to plan anything . But if it 's something related with my future or sometehin that will be really afect me , I will prefer to plane it , like what kind of job I want to do or about my dregree or things like that .
Sport centre
This centre offer several activities , like swimnpool , paddle , tennis , ritmica gym , judo , ballet ...
Furthermore , it has various coaches and with a perfect timetable for the parents that are busy in the daytime and for young people that need to go to classes after lessons .
In my point of view , it is a good situation because the children can do different after - school activities without moving too much .
I want to emphasize that , thanks to his full schedule and the amount of the coaches , adults , like children , can do different activities at the same time instead of to have to wait .
On the other hand , the only disadvantage I can see is that there are n't activities for the old people .
This centre should provide activities that do not require much physical effort for this kind of people , like petanque or something like that .
Finally , to say that it is a perfect sports centre and inexpensive , including a range of activities .
You knew him for years or will meet him in a year .
Friends are important and make your life happier .
When you are in a hopeless situation , they have the right counsel .
Thomas is looking for a thrilling job .
Thomas is a small and fine fellow .
He is one of the most persevering people I know .
David looks bored at the first moment , but in fact he is wetty .
His body is large and thick like an elephant 's .
David is always ready for a joke , but amazinly , that he has the ability to appear seriously .
When we meet us and the two friends were walking side by side , they look like Laurel and Hardly .
I really do n't like to travel by train or by boat .
My favourite way to travel is by plane .
It 's the fastest and most comfortable way to get to your favourite destination .
Especially I like to have a first class seat in a plane .
It really feels like you are i a five - star Hotel in a luxury suite and not travelling 10000 meters above the ground .
It often happens that someone jumps in front of it and you feel the vibration when the train breaks the bones of the dead person .
The metal used in this set is 18k white gold .
The tool to communicate with foreigners .
In my personal experience , I can say that if you learn a foreign language like English , you wo n't have a problem when I 'll go abroad on holiday .
On the other hand , when you learn another language there 's not only benefits but also drawbacks .
However , I must pay the fee and every evening it 's my commitment to study something or do my homework .
I 've lived in the United Kingdom for more than one year and I 'm learning better than when I was in my country .
Hi Jo !
How are you ?
If you would like to spend some time travelling , my country , Spain , is a fantastic place , because the weather is good most of the year .
There are beautiful cities to visit , like Madrid , Barcelona , Santiago , Valencia and all the cities of Andalucia , the south of Spain .
In Andalucia , the people are cheerful and welcoming with tourists .
I , m from Córdoba , so i tell you about the most famous sights in my city .
For a job , i recomended you travel to the coast in Cadiz , Malaga or Huelva and look for a job in the beach , because at the sime time as you are in the beach , you could obtain money .
Write soon !
Lots of love ,
Lucía
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
The bomb was going to blow up in a few minutes .
All in all , he would n't be able to stop the device .
Only a few long seconds spent thinking about what he had to do : he had to save the passengers .
He was scared .
He wanted to cry .
Desperately he started to kick the door , furiously , blind with rage , harder , faster .
The door opened .
Fortunately , a voice from the radio was trying to contact the man .
In a hurry , he dashed to the microphone and answered the control station .
" Where are the brakes ? "
Now in the distance he could see the first skylines of the city .
I enjoyed playing basketball , not only because I wanted to play a sport , but even because it 's a healthy way of leaving .
If you are playing a sport , you improve your abilities went your working in a team in which all the players have the same aim from the game : winning the match .
The most important thing that ya person should know about this game is that a lot of intelligence is requested , because you must know how to reach , how to get nearer to make their aim become reality , and that one is that the team should score as much as they can to win the match and have fun .
In my opinion , this sport will always be my favourite , because it made me feel happy and have a great time with my friends , and it also maintained me in good shape .
I am applying to this position because I would like to work as an organizer .
I think it will enrich my CV .
In my opinion , I am the perfect candidate for this vacancy .
First , I have achieved a good level of English because I have lived in the UK from July 2012 .
I like managing the conversation in a group .
Also I like watching every kind of film .
If you need a reference about me , you can contact Mrs Georgie , my English teacher .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely
For example , making the life better and more comfortable .
First of all , researchers should be interested in what they are doing .
Second , critical thinking , which is the deep thinking about the problem and the way to solve it , is an important factor of successful research .
Also , honesty , originality , which is the ability to think critically , independent and creative , and precision let research to be more valuable .
Moreover , working as a team for researching , let researchers to gain lots of research benefits .
Such as , ideas and learning more about the best methods to analyze data .
All members of the team will get benefits and push each other to achieve the goal by giving some advice and more information .
Also , Seminars are other good sources to come up with and listen to a new idea .
Researchers should not give up when they face hard problem with the research and should keep try by different ways to solve it and they will do it at the end .
Whenever researchers consider most or all of them when working on the research , researchers will get results with a high precision .
For example , if I travel to my company by bus , I must be on time and follow the bus schedule .
Sometimes , the bus schedule does not suitable for me .
Traveling by car , I can choose the time .
Moreover , I can choose my own route to go to work .
I can stop at my favorite coffee shop to buy drinks for breakfast .
In my own car , I can relax with music and enjoy fresh air .
Generally , although traveling by public transport is cheaper than by car .
However , I find traveling by my own car has much more advantages than others .
Dear Paul ,
As I told you before , last month I was helping at a concert of the greatest band in the world - Atmasfera .
Immediately , I contacted their manager , asking If they could do with some help .
That was such a good idea !
The day before the concert , I met the band members , and we started try on clothes for the next day .
We had so much fun !
On the day of the concert , I met the band two hours before the start , I ironed all the clothes , I even do the girls ' hairstyle .
When the concert hall was full , the band came on the stage .
I felt like that was partly my doing .
I was part of the team .
That was what I particularly liked about that experience !
I was dancing and singing all through the show , and after , the manager came to me and asked if I would like to work with them full time .
I will have to sleep on it .
What do you think I should do ?
And how was your weekend ? Hope to see you soon !
With love ,
Maria
There is no future for public transport ?
It 's not true .
I ca n't imagine our world without public transport .
I regularly take trains to go somewhere .
So do other people in my country , especially old people who have not got their own cars .
I catch buses regularly and see a lot of people there .
You can imagine how great is idea to leave your own car and take a bus to go to work or go shopping is .
Another good idea is to use bicycles .
I 'm glad that every year we have such a wonderful day called " A day without cars " or something like that , when people try to use public transport rather that their own cars .
We can help our environment to be healthier !
Dear Jane ,
Thanks for your letter - it was great to hear from you .
I was absolutely thrilled to read that you 've got a job as a tour guide in the Congo rainforest !
Well done !
Speaking of nervousness , I think I 've found a solution for you to shake off your nerves about using the English tenses correctly .
You wrote that this sometimes made you stutter during tours , which made you feel rather uncertain .
However , there 's no need to worry any longer , if you have a look at www.elihinkel.org/tips/tenses.htm .
I have got to leave off now , I 'm afraid .
Hopefully , you 're able to visit the site .
Keep me posted on your experiences in the jungle !
Love ,
Suzanne
Recently works Google , a multi - million dollar company , who is not only famous for search engines , is working on self - driving cars .
It is surely a fact that autopilots in car 's sure are handy .
Although it must be admitted that driverless vehicles are expected to help children , the blind , the elderly and others who currently can not safely drive themselves .
On the other hand , it will lead to more driving , because smarter driving reduces the cost per mile of vehicle usage .
The end result of additional driving could be more traffic and more aggregate fuel consumption .
To put the whole matter in a nutshell , the self - driving system is good to prevent accidents .
However , you should still be able to drive by yourself you can not only rely on that system , it is still not free from errors .
The Colosseum is a beautiful structure in the heart of Rome , Italy .
More than two thousand years old , it is still standing .
It was an immense amphitheater .
Thousands of people fought as gladiators .
It is in the shape of an oval but most of it is broken .
The italian name , Colosseo , is quite close to english .
Visitors can enter it and admire the inside .
It is the most popular amphitheater in the whole world .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to you in order to candidate for a position of the person , who will organise a Film Club in your language school .
I prefer to spend my spare time watching films , so in this way , both I improve my English and relax .
During the last year , I watched a lot of famous and priced films , so that I am prepared to follow discussions about them .
I am a communicative person and I often meet with my friends .
Among my aquaintances I have a reputation of being a friendly , positive and talkative woman .
I have good organizational skills and can explain things clearly in order for people to understand it easily .
I think I am suitable for this job and it would be а pleasure for me to organise your course .
Nikoleta Uvarova
Have you ever imagined your life without computers ?
Like many others , it seems to me that it involve various positive aspects to everyone .
In fact , a significant number of people agree that computers have made our lives much easier than before .
Nowadays , you can chat with your friends via computer even if they are on the other side of the planet .
A lot computers advertise their goods on the Internet , so millions of people would know it - computers enable us to automate various tasks that we can not do manually and that is really helpful .
Finally , in my opinion , computers is very useful to all of us .
He had to study more than ever in his life .
The first partial tests were going to be soon .
As his mother , he would work as an advocate .
The truth is that everybody had really high expectations of him .
The idea of becoming the people 's protector face to the law , was n't his .
When he was little , he heard his family talking about how happy they were because his brother Peter waas following in the steps of his mom .
Sadly , Peter was no longer there .
Michael 's mother cried for months and his father tried to look strong , but you could hear him sobbing at night .
Michael thought that playing his brother 's role would help .
He closed the door and knew at that moment that he had made a mistake .
Dear Madam / Sir ,
I have read your hotel 's advertisement about the Niagara Fall 's romance package in a newspaper .
I am writing to you because I am interested in booking this service at your hotel and would like to receive some further information in advance .
First of all , could you provide me with information about the whole costs of the package ?
Can you assure me of getting one by all means ?
Can I be sure that the hotel will not be booked up between Christmas and New Year 's Eve ?
In addition , could you provide me with information about the nearest airport and about the way to get to your hotel from there ? We must know this for any case since we are going to travel by plane from Budapest , Hungary . I would be pleased if you could assist me in booking a cheap flight as well .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon with all the details which you can provide me with .
Yours faithfully ,
Vera Borbála Solt
Each year we use more and more types of transport : buses , trams , subway , trains , airplanes , etc .
And of course , we use more and more personal cars .
Yes I do .
Now we are spending too much time in waiting for public transport and , of course , we would like to get to our destination as fast as possible , but public transport does n't provide such a possibility for us .
Furthermore , we use personal vehicles or rent cars for travelling , because it is more convenient and gives us the feelings of our independence .
I understand completely that some types of public transport such as airplanes and ships , will exist for some time .
But this is an exception , because existing technologies do not allow the usage of such personal transport as we would at present day .
But , the future will change this situation .
Helping Strangers
for instance , one day I was walking in the garden when I saw a girl falling down from a children 's swing in a playing area , I helped her immediately , and after I was sure enough that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident , she thanked me a lot .
in addition , young ages are observing an altruistic behavior from the month 18th .
so , in my opinion , children when they are witness always want to help strangers .
Dear Alison ,
Hi !
I 'm writing to say that I 'll be delighted if you to be my guest at home next month .
Now let me give you some advice about how to get to my place in Madrid .
When you get to Barajas airport you 'll have to take the subway and go to Atocha station and there you 'll have to change line and catch line three to get to Sol station .
I 'll be there to meet you .
If you 're not up for it , you can just get a taxi at Barajas airport to the same direction .
I strongly recommend the first option because it 's cheaper than the second one .
Besides , this way you can have an exciting start in Madrid .
If you get lost in the metro , do n't worry .
Give me a ring and I 'll pick you up wherever you are .
I hope to hear from you soon .
Best regards .
Juan
Saving the environment
AS we know , our planet 's condition is getting worse every day .
This is because human activity releases into the air substances that damage several things in our planet , such as the atmosphere and ecosystems .
The global warming , deforestation and drought are some of the consequences , therefore , we can do countless things that appear to be meaningless , but if everyone does it we can live in a much healthier planet .
Every day , scientists try to develop new ways to improve the way we live , so that we are hable to pollute less the planet .
It sounds a little bit strange , but by installing solar paniels and other features in these homes , we live a much greener life , undoubtedly , there would be some changes but , because we know why we are doing it , there would be no problems .
Also , the effects of those actions would be gigantic and would help improve the environment situation . Nevertheless , we will still have to change some activities and be less self - centred , so that we can all work for a greater objective .
In my opinion , in a decade we will be living in these homes , I ca n't wait to live it .
I enjoy playing this sport because it is very funny and competitive .
With football you can move all the muscles in your body and also exercise your mind , thinking about what is the best pass or when you have to run or stop .
If you want to start to play football , my advice is to be fit , because if you are n't , you can hurt your bones or muscles .
In order to be fit , you can run or ride a bike for two or three weeks and , after that , you are going to be prepared to play football .
The equipment is very important too .
I recommend you to play it with your friends , but if you are in a new city , you can search for teams on the Internet .
There are a lot of opportunities .
To improve your skills , you can practise alone and you will became better than before .
So play football and enjoy it .
Hi Jay !
I'm very excited!I'm going to the United Kingdom in a week 's time , but I 've already made some plans about it .
First of all , I 'd love to visit new places .
Moreover , I need to organise a tandem to improve my English , but if it would n't work , I could attend an English course .
Do you know any languages school?They're very expensive , so I will need more money .
Speaking about money ... I really need to find a job !
And my parents refused to give it to me because they say I must become indipendent .
Will I succeed ?
Who knows ...
In the meantime , what about helping me to find a part - time job ?
Text me if you find something for me .
Best wishes .
Eleonora .
St . Petersburg
Russia
23.05.14
Dear
How are you ?
My class visits museums once a month .
My favourite museum is the Hermitage , that is in the heard of my city .
It 's a great idea to go hiking with your family .
When and where are you going hiking ?
Have you bought any equipment yet ?
Did you go hiking last year ?
Hope to hear from you soon .
Best wishes ,
Inna
The Vietnamese education and study system is completely different from the Australian one .
Like to Asia countries , such as : Korea , China , and Singapore , the Vietnamese education and study system is really harsh and highly competitive to all students , especially for the primary students .
They have to study a lot , with from 5 - 6 subjects in a semester .
These subjects mainly focus on math skills , grammar , writing , but there are not any courses related to life and communication skills or innovative science .
All subjects are less flexible and all students are learning the same programs at the same time .
Meanwhile , the Australian education and study system is easier and more enjoyable than the Vietnamese system .
In a class , there are very few students with many more flexible study programs .
Additionally , the subjects in the school are given with the aim to develop the thinking and creativity of students .
They also play many interesting sports .
Secondly , it is not only from the school but also Vietnamese parents of the primary students who are also expected in the education of their children .
They usually hope that their children will get on the highest scores in school .
Consequently , Vietnamese children have not any life skills and have many health problems , such as : short - sighted , tummy - ache , spinal column … Sadly , the proportion of Vietnamese children who are short - sighted tend to increase in recent years .
Meanwhile , Australian parents also care about their children but in other way with Vietnamese parents .
To sum up , Australian children are happier than Vietnamese children . I think that primary students need to spend more time for playing and enjoy their childhood .
My first time was an exciting experience I will never forget : the touch of the rock , the high , the pain in your fingers ... I like climbing because this sport makes me feel alive , even if sometimes I feel fear .
Firstly , if you want to climb you will need , at least , a partner .
It is perhaps for this reason that people who climb are often couples !
Moreover , climbing is a sport in which it 's not too important if you are a man or a woman , because you does n't only use your strength but also your equilibration .
You should give a try to this amusing and thrilling sport that it 's a sort of competition with yourself : every day a little bit higher , every day a little bit more difficult ..
If you take up climbing , I 'm sure you 'll carry on ! !
My holidays
In winter it is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the near peaks : skiing is my favourite sport , I do that since I was five and I love doing the most difficult slops , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
we were in cold
Hi Mitak ,
I have recently watched The Ultiamtum of Bourne and I 'm so excited to share it with you . I believe you 'll absolutely love it .
It is an action movie that involves the secret games of the CIA .
The film is about this CIA assassin who ca n't remember his past , but he knows he 's being chased by the agancy .
Eventually , he reads about a journalist who is writing about him and a program called Black Brare .
Just before the assets get the journalist , Jason Bourne helps him to escape .
My friend , I can not recommend this film enough .
If you 'd like to see it , I 'm going to come along with you to the cinema , because I really wish to watch it again .
Dear Paul ,
I 'm sorry I haven't written to you for so long .
As you know , I was really busy last month .
My teacher asked me to organise a charity concert in our school .
My task was to find a band of musicians who would play at our concert .
I must admit it was really hard to find a really good group of players , who would juice up the audience and also play for free .
I decided to organise a casting .
In the end , all went fantastic .
We managed to raise much more money for a good cause than we hoped to raise .
That 's all for the time being .
Write to me soon and give my regards to your parents .
Bye ,
Paula
Throughout my life , I have lived in a few cities and villages located in the South of Russia .
Each of the cities has a unique set of transportation means .
In villages , the only way of public transportation is small buses , most of which can service up to twenty passengers in any moment of time .
In regional centers , most people commute via trolleybuses and tramcars .
The latest is the transport of choice of most people because its passengers very rarely lose time in traffic jams due to dedicated railway passages .
Those who are not satisfied with the public transportation system may use private vehicles .
I estimate more then 99 percent of them are cars .
I used to travel on buses .
But recently I bought a cheap bike and really enjoyed riding in the summer time .
Now , in November , the weather in Russia is not so good , so I switched back to buses .
My most recent dream is to ride on the EuroVelo roads network .
Hello , my name is Nina Joly and I 'm seventeen .
Thanks to my mom , to my travels and to the people I 've met , I 've learnt how to speak fearless and quite fluently in English .
I 've had a little bit of experience in summer baby sitting for some kids ; in Italy it is more diffiult to be a babysitter because , if you are underage , parents should have responsibility on you , so it is better to be over 18 .
I love playing with kids , but , as always , there are some rules that have to be followed .
The most important rule , in my opinion , is " having fun without hurting or getting hurt " .
During those few times with which I built up my experience , we all played together and we cooked together , so I taught them how to make some chicken and some pasta in an Italian way .
Honestly , I 'm not the best cook ever , but I can make a few good things like scarbled eggs , pasta and meet .
One of my carachteristics is that I 'm a very precise person , for example , I enjoy making lists because they make my mind clearer , and I strictly follow what I wrote so everything , hopefully , endes well .
Thank you for your time and attention .
Trust in flying with a horse
But my overall favourite sport is riding horses .
You know what is the most important thing about riding horses ?
It is all about trust .
If you provide confidence , the horse will trust you .
With this reliance , you can go throughout everything together .
But believe me , riding uses so much endurance !
Another good feeling is the speed when you gallop .
Some insist that no one will need a bus or the subway in the future .
However , in my opinion , it will rather useful to use public vehicles as time goes by based on two critical reasons .
First , people do n't want to waste their time finding parking lots .
The more people have their own cars , the more space to park is needed .
Unfortunately , there is a certain limit to space , so it is not possible that everyone can use their car every day , especially in mega cities like Seoul , New York , and London .
It is more convenient to move from here to there when you take the bus or subway , because you do n't have to worry about your car while working .
The second reason is more important and obvious .
It is related to the environmental issues .
Using public transport means help to protect the Earth from air pollution .
Surely , the government will try to make a better system of public transport because they want citizens not to use their own means .
For these reasons , there will be the future for the public transport , always .
Dear Sir ,
I am a very active person and I am accustomed to doing different kind of sports activities , such as swimming and riding .
As soon as the languages , I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and Germany fluenly and recenly I have passed the First certificate in English .
I feel that I have the right experience and qualifications to do this job .
If you think that I am the most suitable person to be recruited , I would be interested to hear from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Mary Smith
This topic leads me to think of the professional skill " Architecture design " .
This result in different of views on whether people agree that the best things for improvement people 's lives have already taken place .
I hold the belief that the topic for me is completely wrong , even if some improvements are easy to use and solves the most of problems .
First , the development of the population still continue , the space for living is still a serious problem , although , the skyscraper has already solved the most of problems from the population crisis .
They will destroy the environment when the raw material digs out from the site .
The pollution must hurt the local people and the environment from the site of raw materials .
Second , the computer system looks like they solves the most of problems ; however , this system make more dangerous in specific situations .
The " BUG " must be appears from a man - made system because of the incomplete coding .
That is why our personal information always leaks to the " hacker " .
For instance , when we enjoy the electronic commercial service and shop for the goods on the Internet , the hacker may steal the private information at the same time .
This is a normal phenomenon in Taiwan ; however , the police ca n't do anything because of the hacker 's anonymity .
That is what I said that the best improvement things still do not exist , even though the computer system have already solved some problems .
Of course , some people may be moved to disagree with my position on this issue .
Dear Jane ,
I feel very strongly that the daily exercise is a basic definition which we must keep if we want to be on shape .
What is more , it could help if you work out at home and buy gym equipment such as a treadmill or a bicycle .
By doing the chores of the house like the washing , is another way to exercise as well .
As a result , you will save time and embarrassment , especially if you are out of shape .
Friendship today
Friendship is actually a really important issue nowadays .
But are they real ones ?
In my opinion , the best way to develop your new friendship is , meeting them , have a coffee , a drink or whatever .
However , it could be a little bit unhealthy .
To tell you frankly a best friend has to offer you a different point of view and , what is more , it is important to say no sometimes .
For all of these reasons , we have to take care of our friendship theses days and social networks are ok to be in touch with your friends . But if you wo n't to make new ones .
Money : essential for youngsters ?
Should parents prepare the ground for their sons ' success or just let them work hard to build their lives ?
Why do we call them youngsters ?
But there comes a time when they are supposed to make it to adulthood .
At this point , lack of money might be a blessing in disguise .
The more they sweat to chase their dreams , the fast they ripen and the more they prize what they earn .
I 'm not dismissing the idea of financial aid , though .
Do n't get me wrong , please .
We have to preserve the ethical value of maintenance at the same time as we help the next generations to succeed by their own means .
My holidays in Spain ( 2nd part )
When I arrived at home , I just wondered one thing , to sleep , so I did .
I was really tired !
Then I met with my friends and we had a nice evening drinking some beers in the pubs .
The Tuesday was an extraordinary beach day .
Wednesday was the relaxed day .
It is a sweet olive oil pastry with honey .
My mum was preparing it the day before , and it was really yummy .
My family is catholic so in Easter , the main days for our religion are Thursday and Friday , It 's the same for my family too .
I 'm catholic , I believe in God , but I 'm not very friendly with the Vaticano 's rules .
Probably it sounds weird , but I 'm on my way .
At least , these weekend I did n't do anything in special , because I feel tired and I had n't got money enough to do any special plan .
See you soon Spain !
In my opinion , public transport is the future , because its quality and comfort will improve and it 'll be easier to move and cheaper , too .
If you consider the cahotic traffic and the long queues to get there and the impact of these factores on people 's health and people 's finances , I 'm sure you 'll change your mind about public transport .
In the last few years , public transport has been improving a lot in terms of technology , flexibility and diversity in terms of timetables , tickets and places .
The electric bus is an option in many countries as a way to improve the environment .
This type of transport is a great contribution to the environment , because it 's cleaner than those that need petrol or diesel to work .
On the other hand , it is possible to find hibrid cars , but they are more expensive than those that works with normal fuel and , for that reason , people 's first option is not this kind of car .
The theme of the environment is very important nowadays and can cost a lot to a country .
A country has to pay for their ecological foot and this means as much pollution is produced , the more the environment damage , in other words a , bigger ecological foot , and consequently more has to be paid .
Such strategies will involve taxes above poluent cars , the increase of fuel price and the definition of benefits to those who opts for more environmental means of transport .
So , the convenience of travelling by car is not totally true .
Of course , you are owner of your time and destinations , but it is enough ?
Think about its impact on your espences and on the environment , would n't it be better to take a bus , an underground , or a train ?
Dear USA Summer Camps ,
I have working in different activities like this , for example , in a famous basketball team as a volunteer , or in the hospital with children and their parents who live there .
Yours sincerely ,
Ana
A wise man said " The pen is mightier than the sword " ( Edward Bulwer - Lytton ) .
For instance , when you read , you have to associate characters and places , and memorize details .
At second , there are some researches that prove that , in general , people who read are smarter than people who do not .
This affirmation is based in the fact of the increase of literacy and development of verbal intelligence that people get when they exercise the brain by reading books .
That situation is another example of how reading is an excellent brain 's exercise , because when people have to imagine things , the brain has to be creative , and that kind of process is too important to improve yourself in problem 's resolution and the creation of important ideas in real life .
In general , all the things described before show how important is reading to exercise the brain .
So , next time when you try to avoid a book , think first whether you need that your brain to works faster or be more creative , because it could be a good idea to exercise a little bit your brain with reading .
Review Silence of the Lambs
One of those is the movie ' Silence of the Lambs ' , where Clarice , an FBI agent in training , has been asked to talk to an imprisoned Hannibal Lecter who has information about a serial killer the FBI has been trying to catch .
There were several reasons why this movie stood out .
First , I was really impressed by the performance of Jodi Foster ( Clarice ) and Anthony Hopkins ( Hannibal ) .
I have always thought of them as really good actors , but they were exquisite in this movie .
Secondly , the storyline was unpredictable and really clever and , for that , really enjoyable .
You had to pay attention throughout the entire movie to keep up with the story .
On top of that , was there tension at all times .
You will be watching with full interest .
Dearest Renee ,
How 's your first English literature lesson at school ? I hope it had loads of fun with plenty of new knowledge acquired !
I had learnt about the special features of the 16th century acting business and theatres in London , as well as the lifetime of William Shakespeare .
I ca n't wait to tell you more !
During the reign of Queen Elizabeth I and King James I , play watching was an entertainment for the locals to relax .
As it cost very little to get into an open - aired theatre , everyone jammed in and jostled to watch plays , though the poor stood under bright sunshine and had their heads burnt , while the rich sat in the shelter with an extra shilling paid .
At the same time , actors were busy dressing and reciting the scripts . '
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs . '
Do you remember this famous quote from Romeo and Juliet ?
Frankly speaking , actresses did NOT exist !
They used props , thick make - up , gowns , wigs and all sorts of accessories .
The ' Juliets ' even had to shave their beard and moustache and enjoy their role throughout the play .
One more interesting fact is that , both the lovers in the play were Italians , but their playwright had never been to Italy .
It could reflect the fact that 16th century London was a melting point of different cultures and Shakespeare probably got in touch with Italian culture by making friends with those local visitors .
Three trumpet blasts were given symbolizing the start of a play , yet none of the respected silence would be given .
The audience would boo and throw fruits to the actors in case they did n't like them .
Cannonballs were rolled around to make the sound of thunder .
Stage trapdoors allowed actors to vanish magically .
In a roofed - in theatre , pulleys and machinery were used for lowering actors on the stage .
By now , I have widened my horizons and increased my interest towards the spotlight on playhouses .
Write soon !
Cheers ,
Michelle
My village has been working on this project for decades . They have been fixing their techniques and they still know a day 's everything has cost us a lot of effort , we started from the easiest examples ( dividing rubbish into different containers ) to some that are more complex ( renewable energy ) .
The principal things everyone must have at their houses are three trash can for the division of the trash ; one must be for renewable materials ( rest of food , paper , carton … ) another for plastics , and the last one for glass .
All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) . Every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy , that provide part of the energy to each house on the days that the sun shines , but if there is no sun , the village has a dam beside us which provides them enough with water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only do we have hydraulic energy , but also wind energy ; in the out skirts of the village , there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
Also , our water has one of the best purification methods . After we use it , we clean it so we do n't contaminate the water of the river or dam .
To try to keep the environment clean , we have a big group of voluntary workers that work after their jobs here trying to keep this area as clean as possible by picking up all the rubbish and controlling the whole area in case there is something not normal .
Apart from this group of voluntaries every person of the village is obliged to take care of the environment and use the car as little as possible so the pollution is as minimum as possible . Here the bicycle is the most famous way of transport car are n't common . They are only used when transporting heavy thing or when travelling long distances .
But does everyone think in that way ?
The first advantage of buying new things in shops is that it is very satisfying , in particular for women .
Many of them are relaxed when they are searching for new , remarkable clothes .
Shops could give us even a 70 percent of sale , what helps saving more money .
One of the drawback of going to the shop is that we spend a huge amount of money .
We would buy next , impracticable high - heel shoes , which will spend a couple of years in the wordrobe .
The last but not least disadvantage against for doing the shopping , is that in the mall could prowl many pickpokets , because they could rob us .
In conclusion , buying new things is a good idea to spend an fascinating time with friends , however we could also lose a lot of money .
This bar chart deals with the costs of three different photocopiers .
Therefore , it compares the purchase price , the warranty expenses and the running costs of each product .
Interestingly , the pruchase price of " Carde " and " KD " is almost the same .
In " Cardas " case , the amount is $ 600 and " KDs " price is vagualy $ 700 .
However , " Sebu " rocks with a pruchase price of $ 1,000 .
All the photocopiers show a very low warranty price .
In this category , " KD " exeeds with a cost of $ 200 .
Wherby " Carda " and " Sebu " score with warrnty expenses of under $ 150 .
" Cada"s product has the highest running costs , with $ 1,200 .
In the case of " KD " , the running charges come only up to $ 800 , and " Sebu " has obviously the lowest expenses , with $ 600 .
As a long term investion , I would choose the " Sebus " model even though its purchase price is very high .
The reason therefore are its small warranty cost and especially its low running costs .
The kenn running expenses will compensate for the purchase price in the future .
Some people fear that if they do not wear the latest fashion , they wo n't be seen as a valuable person .
It is very important to choose those items which represent your personality .
In this way , they represent originality just by using their creativity .
To sum up , I believe there are pros and cons to wearing the latest fashion .
The most significant thing is that it is not what makes you beautiful .
It 's what 's inside that count .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He ran over to his treehouse on the mountain , where he used to spend time by himself or reading a book .
Two days before , Peter received a letter of someone saying to meet her / him in the treehouse at 5 o'clock .
The treehouse was built by Peter 's father and it was their secret .
Two years ago , Peter 's father had died , so Peter was the only one that knew where was the treehouse .
So , who could have sent that letter ?
See you later ... " .
Peter ran into his father 's arms , but he disappeared and he promised himself that he never ever would tell anyone about the secret .
I do not think that there is no future for public transport because not all the people can have a car , especially , poor people in the developing country .
Moreover , there are places on long distance we can not travel to by car , so we need a train or even a plane .
I can travel at any time without being restricted to specific times , as well as l can rest at any cafe to drink my favorite coffee .
Inhabits can go to the countryside to have a pacnic or excursion with their friends or families to relax .
As for animals , they are a part of nature , where is the home for them .
As a result , some of the most vulnerable species will face to die out .
For governments , restriction on exploring human land is one of the ways to solve these problems .
In conclusion , a wide range of buildings and constructions can not only destroy our own living environment , but also that of animals .
LIVE AND STUDY IN SPAIN NOW …
WORK WITH US ! ! !
We know that submerging oneself in the culture and custom of our chosen language is important and a better way to learning it .
We are , however , conscious of the financial difficulties that young people face today , it is for this reason that we propose the following idea .
Earn while you learn Spanish and become more independent !
All that is required of you is to have a knack for kids and love the idea of becoming an Au Pair .
Are you interested ? Do not hesitate !
Fill in the application form and and send it to us in the following email address :
The physical exercise endured during cycling provides a great workout for the cycler , and in addition to that , blending in with mother nature helps improve mental health ; you also save your own money by not paying for oil bills .
In the end , I sincerely hope this report proves informative and encouraging for many .
This was Ahmed Bishara and I am a fierce supporter of this cause .
Dear Sir or Madam
In addition , I am a very responsible person and I have got a first aid certificate , which has given me the confidence to deal with emergency situations .
I am not a professional athlete , however I am keen on sports , especially street running competitions .
I enjoy participating , whenever possible , in competitions in my city as an amateur athlete .
I would like to enlighten that you I am available for the dates given , because I will have finished my degree course in June .
Finally , I want to let you know both of my references are happy to be contacted immediately to confirm my personal qualities .
I hope to hear as soon as possible from you with an interview arrangement .
Yours faithfully .
Save yourself
Have you ever thought about what you can do to help the environment ?
Maybe not !
There is a lot that you can do ...
This year , I decided to clean the local forest with my family .
First , we thought that will be good to plant trees , but it 's easier to make this .
Cleaning the forest is a fantastic idea because , when the forests are cleaned , forest fires hardly happen .
Do n't forget that the environment is very important for all of us .
By saving the environment , you are saving your life .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
For sure , her friends were preparing a big surprise .
As far as she considered , she would find out that she had a right .
Firstly , just after she had went into the school , they greeted her with a million colofull balloons with inscriptions with all the best wishes .
Then she had to go for class , so every balloon was sent to the sky , what made a beautiful view .
After she had finished her lessons , her boyfriend arrived on his motorcycle and took her for a nice trip .
Eventually , they came to the lake on the suburbs and then she saw something unexceptable .
Firstly she noticed only a big tranparent with a title " Happy birthday Anna ! "
and then it turned out that all her crew was there .
It was a really amazing day full of pleasures .
Anna would never forget it !
In my point of view I recommend you to stop going to sport classes , because I think music classes are better , because you can also get a job in a orchesta or something like that .
Also you can work such an athletic and you can obtain a big amount of money , but it 's also so difficult to get there and you have to be the best of them to earn a good amount of money .
So , yes , I recommend you to carry on with your music classes , but if you prefer to do sports , I will support you also .
I do n't know which of them you like more , but I am sure that you like one more than the other , so if you want to be a basketball player , do n't give up with it .
So , that was my opinion about your problem and my recommendation , but you are the one that have to take a decision , so good luck and remember to study also .
This project is a Historic Research on the relation between the Euro and Denmark , to discover and understand the changes made by Denmark 's Institutions and Government as to adequate their social , economic and political system in relation with the new European currency .
With this research I want to discover if those changes helped Denmark protect itself from the European crisis .
This study project will be developed by studying :
-old and contemporary Danish journalistic articles ;
-Danish and European Institutions such as the ECB , the European Commission , the Danish Ministry of Economy and Foreign Affairs , and it will be necessary to make and analyse interviews to Danish and European politicians , economists and experts of this historic and economic field .
The aim is to trace the new political , economic and social structure of Denmark in relation to the Euro and all its consequences .
To ensure safety , wearing safety shoes is the most basic measure .
Besides , different training has different safety requirement .
For example , in the electro - pneumatic control training course , the operator must wear a face mask when the machine is on to protect them from hitting by the tube with high pressure air , likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the machine after you are fully prepared with a face mask .
Two - sided it must be , or else she 'll disappear forever and a day . "
Ailee was banished to the forest at the age of 16 .
It stung her like there were a million needles inside her .
The curse has a good side which Ailee is enjoying a lot .
I watched a movie called The Help .
It was the story about black maids who worked for white families during the 1960 's .
The movie was stoning , some of the plots were rather shocking .
It also had some warm scenes , showing hope , courage and sacrifice .
I did not know much about African - Americans ' history .
I had heard about slavery , discrimination , hate crimes against black people , but I did not know what really happened at that time .
Now , from books , movies , I knew some of the most influence movements , I know Martin Luther King , Jr. was more than an activist and a public speaking man .
I knew the first person who ended the segregation at southern was a 9-year - old girl .
Would I be brave , determined ?
Would I hide behind crowds ?
I really do n't know .
It is really difficult to even think of .
I was born and raised in China , being a Chinese person , it is our obligation to remember what Japanese soldiers had done to us during World War II .
I have no idea why we had to learn those legends , which were full of darkness , torture and violences .
As soon as they got to the base of the mountain trail , everyone filled up their water bottle and began walking .
Halfway through the trip , Max heard a wierd noise close by and he decided to see what was going on , but before he knew it , he was all alone .
The noise continued , so he decided to see what was happening , As he turned the corner , he found himself looking at a puma that was badly injured .
Finally , he decided to go back to the class trip and let them know about the puma .
He followed the trail until , final he was able to catch up to the class .
What and amazing day!",Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
The first thing I learnt was that we are destroying the Earth and , especially , the oceans .
Every day , a lot of animals die due to all the rubbish we throw into the oceans .
The second thing I learnt was that we have to change the way of fishing because the fishermen kill a lot of aquatic animals , like dolphins or sea turtles , that they do n't want to kill .
This is because they drag nets along the seabed and catch all the animals that are swimming in it .
So , overall , I would recommend this documentary to everybody because all the people must know what we are doing with the Earth and they must learn to look after it because we only have one Earth and if we destroy it , we wo n't have any place where we can live .
I am also a Therapeutic Thai massage professional .
All my yoga lessons and massage sessions are conducted in line with the Correct Approach to Spine ( CAS ) method , so they are very safe and based on scientific reason .
Safety and knowledge of the body mechanic are very important to the CAS vision as they give a feeling of confidence and understanding to yoga practitioners .
I have more than 10 years of experience in the field of yoga and four years of teaching .
Because for me , the practitioner 's safety is the one of the most important thing , as ahimsa ( non harm ) is one of the crucial principles of yoga .
Renée Kwakkenbos
Dear Bruce ,
As you know , we frequently visit your Health and Fitness Club .
I hope you consider the kids in this plan !
The snack bar is our reward at the end of all our sweating , but I must apologize that sometimes we leave this place because of its long waiting times .
My last , but not least , piece of advice is for the gym .
Kind regards ,
I usually look after children and really enjoy it .
My cooking abilities are not good enough , but I can learn cooking quickly .
Hoping to hear from you soon .
Sincerely Nuria
He surfs three or four hours each day .
He has contacts from Cape Town to San Francisco and from Santiago de Chile to Manila .
Two weeks ago , he knew a beautiful girl in Linkedin .
They began to plan some adventures together .
At a certain moment , the girl , named Cris , asked him for a little aid .
He must go to a certain place , recover a suitcase and send it to Casablanca .
He took the case and planned to travel to Casablanca the next weekend , taking advantage of a bank holiday on Monday .
Michael booked the trip and arrived at the port in Algeciras on Friday evening .
They entered .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Tom and his campaign
This would cause a global warming , causing the winter disappearance .
The same day , he asked to his Science teacher if this would probably happen on a future .
The Science teacher explained to Tom all the problems that would provoke the global warming an he propose to Tom to do a campaign to raise awareness about the use of the cars and the problems that would cause on a future .
When Tom has arrived home , he has explained to their parents all related to the campaign and they have been very happy .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Laura and I 'm 25 years old .
I can cook and I like organizing sports and different types of activities , so I think I would be really suitable to work for you .
I can speak English and German and I am a really hardworking girl , always happy and cheerful with everybody .
Thank you very much for your kind attention .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon
Kind regards ,
Laura Piccio
For sure , the main role in every home will play technology .
Keys wo n't be necessary anymore .
All appliances will be eco - friendly .
There will not be a home without air - conditioning anymore .
Homes in general will be more airy .
Unfortunately , we ca n't know that for one hundred percent .
One year ago , Robert Stromerg directed " Maleficent " , from the film " Sleeping beauty " .
This film is set in England .
The film is about Maleficent , that become bad because she is abuse by Stefan , her true love .
Later , stefan becomes King and decide batter down the magic forest , where lives Maleficent .
Maleficent finds Aurora and they become friends .
When Aurora is sixteen , she falls in sleep because Maleficent has done enchantment when Aurora was young .
The princess wakes up .
Finally , Maleficent overpowers Stefan .
At the end , Aurora lives with Maleficent in the magic forest .
The cast is excellent and the color in the photography is spectacular .
It is well worth seeing !
Nelson Mandela said , " Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world " .
, but it also means to improve your skills , your talents .
Nowadays , you have a lot of ways to learn and be better in your life and your career .
For example , one of these ways is the Internet .
This can be easy only when you are determined to achieve what you want .
Always remember that , " Education is what remains after one has forgotten what he has learned in school " , Albert Einstein said .
This humble and famous man is called Kinta Kenneth .
He fought for the liberation of slavery in West Africa .
He put the Gambia on the world map .
Kinta Kenneth was a captured slave from Naima Juffera .
He was captured while hunting with his colleagues in the forest .
This was in 1879 during the slave trade period .
Kunta was captured because he was trying to rescue his friend who was lost in the forest .
He ran away from them but they later captured him with their dogs .
Kunta was sold to a slave master in South America .
While in capture , he fought for the rights of all the black slaves in the campus .
He refused to work more than eight hours a day and he refused to take orders from the slave master .
He did very well during their exam and was given another opportunity to teach English to other slaves .
But was later betrayed by his slave masters .
He organised demonstrations which turned out to abolishment of slavery .
He died during the demonstration .
The history of Kunta Kinta is part of our national history .
Kunta was not only a great man in the Gambia , but a hero .
Some of the workers choosing to use public transport rather than their own cars .
Mostly , they are more preferring to use public transport more than the car because it can avoid the traffic block and save time to get into their workplace earlier .
Through all of these points , it is not faulty to say that is the public transport still available and very useful in our daily life , even though there are a lot types of cars , which are more convenient .
It is very friendly transportation where the people from all places , meet in one transport system and they can make a relationship between them .
As a conclusion , there is a future for public transport and it is also convenient to use it for travelling .
I 'm 18 years old and I 'm a final year secondary school student .
I believe I 'm a good candidate for this job because I have passed the FCE examination and in a few months I will be taking the CAE exam .
I also speak Spanish and Portuguese due to the fact that I have family in both countries .
I am particularly interested in this job due to the fact that I have already worked in summer camps ( In Spain and France ) for two years and I 'm very passionate about being with children . I would be able to organise sports and evening activities too , because I have helped in many events at my school .
With reference to my character , I am very organised , friendly and determined .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully , Laura
From : yo@gmial.com
To : summercamps@bt.com
I have been working in several camps during the last year . For this reason , I have some relevant experience in this area , in addition , I am doing a degree in teaching at the University of London , and during the last quarter I have been in charge of a group of six children in activities related to sports and cooking .
For all the different aspects described before , I believe I would be suitable for this post .
If you require any further information , do n't hesitate to contact me on 666777555 in the evenings .
I would be very grateful if you would consider my application for this post .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Rafa Pons .
I love this sport !
A lot of people say : " I ca n't ... " .
If you have 2 legs , you can !
Buy a good shoes , and the first time , 5 minutes ' running is enough !
Eliot , my special English teacher .
The restaurant I would love to review for the class is one of the most popular restaurants located just near the downtown plaza .
It is called the ' Egyptian Cuisine ' and its name actually represents what it has to offer .
If there is anything that favors this restaurant , it has to be the quantity they serve ; a surely efficient quantity along with the truly special quality leaves this restaurant as one of the best in town , if not in the whole country .
To come to the point .
Many thanks and I hope for a wonderful trip , regardless of the restaurant voted for .
In the very first class , I was asked questions by the teacher .
It was a very different experience to learning in Korea .
It was not only the first class that I had to speak out in class .
Although it was not easy to get used to such a teaching style , it did not take long for me to realise what teachers were expecting from us and why they were doing so .
Nobody would argue the significance and effectiveness of modern technology , having revolutionised all spheres of human lives by providing a great number of remarkable virtues , such as massproduction , information and communication devices , as well as medical and scientific breakthroughs .
This essay will attempt to analyse both sides of this controversial phenomenon with some applicable supporting ideas .
My favourite sport is a Tamil sport known as Kabadi .
At the outset , let me tell you about this sport and how it is played .
There will be 2 teams and each team consists of 6 players and the players assume the border line as their own border .
This makes the game war - like and very special to Tamils .
The rules of engagement are quite simple .
Each team gets an opportunity to raid the other 's field alternatively , and the first one to raid is decided by the toss of a coin , as is usual as in most games .
The rules are pretty simple , but the game is quite tough , you'll hurt yourself really bad .
It takes a day to count the scratches on your body after the game .
But that is the reason Tamils enjoy the game and they cherish it .
It says the bravery of men is reckoned by the number of scars on his body , except on his back , because they thought to be dead in the field is far better than retreating .
There are accounts to say about a woman who cut her breast because she found her son 's body pierced by a long narrow spear - like weapon in his back rather than in the chest .
So , I like this game because it reflects the Tamil culture 's important value , which is giving high rank to bravery .
I love to play the game with my friends in my village , a very refreshing game , I would say .
it can be very strange , but i was very exited , because ,
on this date , the BBC released the new series of Doctor who ...
It is a popular English science fiction series and it tales about the adventures of the " Doctor " .
the Doctor is an alien from the planet Gallifrey and he travels in all of time and space with his companions , that are normally humans . in his experiences he saved whole planets to other bad aliens .
Doctor 's travelsmachine is a Policebox ... it is small and blue outside , but it is bigger on the inside .
I like Doctor Who very much . I have always dream to travel everywhere in time and space since I was a little child ! ! !
! if,(one day)I will have the possibilty to do it , I will go to distant galaxies and I will see how the universe began .
in my opinion , this serie was wonderful and , i hope for the next one !
The 2014 expenditure for collections is taking out of the library budget in 2015 .
Any urgent book requests are to be raised directly with your Head of Center .
We recommend you to consider the electronic content available through these library subject guides .
If you have any concern related to the library budget and the approval of purchase requests , please contact Ms. Clare O'Riley , Senior Library Manager .
Thank you very much for your understanding .
Regards ,
Chau
Emily knew she would have to come to a decision soon .
The Headmaster had asked his school 's teachers to begin a class in English and she was one of them .
She was trying to improve her English skills since September by taking an English course , but she had felt herself still unready to keep a whole math topic using this language with the Clil method , because she was placed to the B2 level in reading and listening , while in speaking and writing the level she had joined after doing a specific test was only the B1 .
When I think about The Home of the Future , I can see a lot of new things that could simplify my daily life .
I think that people will live more ecologically .
In The Home of the Future everybody will segregate waste and take care of the environment .
We will also discover flowers that irrigate themselves and machine that walk a dog or wash them when we do not have enough time to do this .
We will all have vacuum cleaners that will dust everything without our knowledge .
We will have equipment that will prepare meals for us with only one pressing of a button .
Then we wo n't dream about great , Italian spaghetti , because our stove will do it better than every Italian cook .
That is the kind of house that I want to resident in in twenty years .
If the place of your happy living is a relatively large city , you will say indeed : " We obviously need public transport ! Everyone knows what happens on the streets in the rush time ?
You can get stuck in a traffic jam for hours ! " .
It seems that if people did not move yourself only in their beautiful cars and take a bus or the metro , the air would be clearer , the city would become less noisily etc .
I have more ideas where to travel by car , as public transport 's routes are "
At last , how big the crowd are in the bus or subway car in the rush time , how convenient it is for yourself to be there , rather than sitting in your own air - conditioned and perfect looking car .
That is all I would like to say at this point .
" Resolution number one : Obviously will lose twenty pounds . Number two : Always put last night 's panties in the laundry basket .
Equally important , will find sensible boyfriend to go out with and not continue to form romantic attachments to any of the following : alcoholics , workaholics , commitment phobic 's , peeping toms , megalomaniacs , emotional fuckwits or perverts .
And especially will not fantasize about a particular person who embodies all these things "
- Helen Fielding , Bridget Jones 's Diary
It was something new to me and that 's why it attracted me so much .
The first step to it was my diary after visiting Sochi with my friend in 2000 .
I had a copybook where I wrote some interesting facts about that remarkable trip for me .
Since then I have been dreaming about collecting my impressions and memories .
As my sister constantly says , " You 're lucky because you have a memory of a goldfish . You remember absolutely nothing . "
It took me much to admit this again fact .
In contrast to my sister ( she has an extraordinary memory ) , I forget everything easily and keep looking for new emotions and adventures .
A year ago , an idea of beginning a blog encountered me as advice from an English teacher .
He recommended me to write in order to apply my English knowledge .
Well … .
I 'm going to kill two birds with one stone - my blog will help me to collect my memories and master my English . The third bird will be my hatred to writing .
It was a family tragedy when I got a task to write a composition for my literature class .
Such tasks made my family busy for an evening and , anyway , I always had a poor mark .
So my dear blog ( I heard it 's the way I have to interact with it ) , You will be about nothing .
Just a blog ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
He : lol . I think I will win :P you wo n't be able to write about nothing for very long :)
She : sure .
I have so much nothing in my head to write about .
Let 's get started !
To ,
Manager
Date : November 6 , 2015
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I have recently finished my undergraduate program .
Which is in sport management and I also have experience of kitchen work .
I do part - time job at a school hostel as a teacher .
I am a 24 years old young male , and I love to do challenging task .
I am the best candidate for your job to execute high result of excellence .
Sincerely ,
Pradip Anand Khatri
The future .
The cosmic era , communications , easy access to the Internet - all of these things will become common in the distant future .
According to these changes , people will change , and their way of life will as well .
For example , the spread of IT technologies will change economics and the financial system .
New methods of transportation may speed up the delivery to the purchaser 's home and , as a result , it will improve the quality of service .
The Earth orbit , the Moon , maybe Mars - all will be much closer to mankind and there will be another great leap for it .
I hope I will see such a future .
I believe that the public transport does n't have a future because travelling by car is so much more convenient and comfortable .
When you travel in your own car you do n't have to wait for a specific time and you can go somewhere , but when you travel in public transport you must wait to the time when the public transport could catch you .
I think that is the main problem , but you can also change where you are going to .
In public transport , you must go to the points in the route .
The seats are more comfortable in a car than in a bus or the underground .
My dear John ,
But before that , it is important that you have a general idea about my company ; its business and goals .
Remember this is fundamental for each interview .
The day of the event , dress not to formal but also not to informal .
Try to be spontaneus and not too much sliced .
Also , it is nice to see a polite and smile person .
Do not talk too much , as it is a sympton of anxiety .
Do n't worry about the people who will interviews you .
I hope to have said everything .
When you come here , send me a text .
It will be a great pleasure to have a coffee together .
Good luck for the future .
The main character is the father of one of the children .
In my opinion , it is so really exciting , because you are constantly thinking about where the girls are or who can be the kidnaper .
I would recommend " Prisoners " to the student film club because it has the features that you want .
At any case , in my opinion , it is a great film which many people would enjoy if they see it .
We have always been trying to find our origins .
We want to know and understand what is happening nowadays and , for this reason , it is important to know what happened before .
On the one hand , it can be funny to imagine and create the story of how everything happened formerly .
In my opinion , there are so many things we have to discover yet , and much more we have left back as we progress .
My favourite sport is not a sport as you may think of it .
Most people who do sport want to be fit and stay healthy .
Sport is connected with moving a lot in any case .
My favourite sport is different .
Skat is an old German card game .
You play it with 32 cards and you need 3 or 4 people who are able to play it .
I enjoy playing it so much because it 's really challenging .
Every game is different .
Secondly , the people you play with are very different too .
If you are very good , you can take part in competitions .
There are German championships every year and there is a league , too , where teams of 4 play against each other .
I hope you can imagine how much I like my hobby .
I really ca n't understand why chess is considered to be a sport and Skat is n't .
It helps me to stay fit and makes me forget all the worries and stress of my work days .
Although young people are required to help their communities every week , actually it is still not enough .
It is true that young people are required to help their communities by their schools or companies .
It is also true that these kinds of requirements really work , and many communities are benefited .
Actually , there are many communities that still do not receive enough help , or many social issues and events would not be discussed again and again .
For example , to be outstanding enough to enter to the best university , student have to perform well on their curriculum , such as literature and science , they also have to be good at music or doing exercise .
Therefore , they do not have much time to help their communities .
The salaries are not good nowadays .
They have to do full - time job at the day time , and have a part - time job at night .
Needless to say , if young people have to take care of their parents or children , they have to make more money .
Still , young people do not have much spare time .
This is not surprising .
While William Shakespeare wrote his plays and made the Thespian art to flourish in England , in Russia it was the very dim and sinister period of Ivan IV the Terrible 's reign .
So , in Russian print , the name of Shakespeare is mentioned first in 1748 .
First translations appear in the end of the 18th century , but this is not Shakespeare actually , because they are made from German or French and the translators change plots as they want ( and turn them into some tearjerkers as a rule ) .
For example , in one of the " Hamlet " translations , the main subject of the play turns out to be the relationship between Hamlet and Ophelia and Ophelia , in a meantime , appears to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviously to make Hamlet 's torture 's completely unbearable ) .
By 1855 , only six plays has left non - translated .
Russian society gradually begins appreciating Shakespeare 's skill in portraying the greatness , depth , and complexity of a human being .
" The sun of Russian poetry " , Alexander Pushkin , takes his English lessons for the sake of being able to read Shakespeare .
And his drama Boris Godunov is certainly inspired by Macbeth .
In the poetical drama Masquerade by other famous Russian poet , Mikhail Lermontov , we clearly read Othello 's features .
Since that time , Shakespeare has been one of our favorite artists .
The surprise of the weekend
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am , so when he told me that he could n't come over that if we could meet up later , how you can understand he made me so angry because I ca n't put up this kind of person who who is in late always .
On Saturday morning , I had to working and I had to do all the things as fast as was possible to be in the city centre at the exact time .
The worst part of the story was when he told me that he was going to have a lunch with his friends .
I got cold feet . I could n't understand what was happening .
I was supposed to we were going to have a lunch together , but he was going to come later .
Despite all , this I tried to calm myself down and I went to the library until laura came to town .
During the afternoon I tried to keep my smile all the time because I did n't fancy going explain what was wrong with me .
Finally yesterday at night , I was studying in my room when the doorbell rang . I went to opened the door and outside was , my friend Matus .
At the beginning , I did n't want to talk with him but , on second thought , all people deserve a second chance .
All in all , He apologized and at the end , everything is solved .
We will go on being friends .
Hello , my name is Sebastian and I will talk about Azul Historico , which is a restaurant in Mexico City .
The service are good , the waiters serve excellent , the food is delicious , but some periods of the year the place is full of people and you need a reserve or to wait a long time for a table .
It is so difficult to choose the three best dishes of the place but these three are some of the best typical food of Mexico : the " Cochinita Pibil " , " Chichilo Negro " and " Carne Enchipoclada " .
If you want a different and unique restaurant , you need to go to Azul Historico , because it has a delicious food , some times have a regional music and the service are excellent .
Furthermore , I should probably mention the enormous amount of advertisements that every single day people are forced to watch once they have switched on this box .
As a matter of fact , televiewers are not able to decide the palimpsest , but they still can decide to switch the television off .
Over the past years , humans have renewed and improved scientific progress and this causes a big change in the life of every day .
First , technology has radically changed the daily life of a simple family : a computer seems to be necessary and in every house there is more TV than one .
Conversely , with the latest medical discoveries , doctors are able to treat many of the world 's diseases .
Finally , with the exploitation of new renewable energy , humans have an infinite source of energy .
Well , there are a lot of different opinions , but I 'm not agree that the effects of scientific progress may be dangerous for the individual .
I am writing to apply for the position of floor manager in your large department store .
As you can see in my Cv , that I enclose in the letter , I have studied International trade degree and have a degree in Economics and Marketing with high qualifications in the London Economics School during four years .
I did a Master 's in Business Management in the prestigious University of Harvard .
Also , I have a degree in IT for the Google University , I did that course online .
I have been working in Harrod 's during five years as a shopper assistant , and now I am working in the Apple Store of Covent Garden as floor manager , I am in charge of 15 employees .
I am searching for the chance to working for your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and your company won last year the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " , and I want to share my knowlegdge and my work experience to improve your profit every year .
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Iñigo .
Nowadays there are a lot of different forms of conditioning that deeply influence people so that they feel the need to buy specific brands of items , object , cars and so on .
For example , every day we are invaded by facts form news on TV but it very often happens that some information are left in the background , whereas less important information are spread in their place .
I am writing to you regarding your advertisement for a job in the USA , called USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I would like to apply for this position due to my experience in this field .
My main tasks were : taking care of children aged 10 - 15 , organising events such as parties , swimming competitions , outside sports matches etc . , and overall , I was in charge of preparing and cooking meals for more than 50 people .
Currently , I am very interested in working in the States in order to improve my English level .
In march of 2014 , I got my First Certificated English Level and I would be delighted to up my level and get the Advance Level and this chance to join your company would be a great opportunity to improve my English .
For all these reasons , I am the most suitable candidate for this post and my experience is proof of it .
Gloria Caraballo
The film I would like to review is an old film I 've always enjoyed : Young Frankenstein directed by Mel Brooks in 1974 .
Dear Sirs / Madams
I have tried three times to pass this exam but I failed .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
There are many different types of music in the world today .
Why do we need music ?
Is the traditional music of a country more important than the International music that is heard everywhere nowadays ?
Music is a special world .
Over decades , music is the eternally art which develop day by day .
The traditional or local music of a certain area has it 's thumb print on the person of that part of the world .
And the instruments used in that local music may vary from one sort to another .
Because the people tend to make it from their own basic culture .
For example , In Northern Sudan , people have been used " Tambor " as a traditional spiritual tool for their songs .
In particular , the Piano is a universal tool that is used by many musicians as a primary controller of the rhythm of the Orchestra .
Last and not the least , music is a sort of treatment to those who are suffering , so , regardless of it 's type or nationality , it 's a kind of medicine to the soul .
And I enjoy it very much .
The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods as the inquisition , the knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social statements such as the Catholic Church and monarchies , since the knowledge through books had become a threat to continue underpinning their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violate their thought in order to transcribe them .
Although , some ideas were maintained ; ( for instance , the astronomy by Galileo Galilei ) , the book - burning caused a delay in the knowledge because , if books were burned , the knowledge could not circulate .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution was created with the invention of the printing mobile types by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) due to it element gave access to the knowledge , recovering significant books from Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and social issues that spread their ideas to more people who were becoming aware of the power of the written word , creating social revolutions such as the French and American ones .
In addition , it was produced the collective readings through the ecclesiastical method , with the purpose of disseminating the knowledge embodied in the books to all social classes .
On the other hand , at present , people identify another knowledge revolution , the internet , in which the access to the knowledge is easier and faster , leaving aside books .
From the above , as far as I am concerned , when Franklin Rosemont argues that " books can not be killed by fire .
People die , but books never die " , it depends on the historical time and the technical revolution of this time , taking into account that that knowledge uprising is always accompanied by a technical revolution which supports the entrance of the information ; for instance , in the inquisition , the knowledge was limited because it was embodied in books .
Although there was an oral tradition , the knowledge was accommodated to the political and religious thought of the speaker ; so , the most efficient and objective way to transmit the knowledge was by books , and it was not possible because of the burning .
Nonetheless , with the invention of the printing type mobile , the knowledge was different for the access to it .
If one book was burned , there were ten books more without restriction .
That is why ; I could accommodate the phrase by Franklin , saying that " the knowledge can not be killed by people because the knowledge is infinite . "
On actual days what we most need is to find ways to prevent childhood obesity because nowadays it is a very common sickness that attack more and more children everyday causing them to feel bad about themselves .
According to the CDC , the percentage of children age 6 to 11 years old has increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 years on the Unitated States .
This means that in the past tree decades , obesity has more than doubled in children , same that had diseases just like diabetes , ashtma , cardiovascular risk factors , mental health disorders and muskuloskeletal problems .
This disease is not just about all the physical and health consequences that sufferers have , but also the mental ones .
A lot of kids grow up with a different way to think just because of the damage that the little ones can cause , one example can be the famous " bullying " , the principal way that kids use to annoy the ones that looks different .
The best way we can prevent childhood obesity is by recommending all the families some different doctor that can help them to give a safe life to their children .
They might be there for you , preparing menus and a big extension of exercises that will help you and change your health and body , but only if you cooperate .
So money , today , are really important in our life and , in this case , rich people are very lucky .
So it seems that these people can live happily and peacefully , without problems , but this is not true .
In fact , above all about rich families , the children are in trouble with their family , above all when they have their parents who are separated .
Also , most of the children grow up spoiled because of the large amount of money of their family has , and they grow up with the thing that they want more and more things .
So , in this case , the money are more important than other things .
So , in my opinion , today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider more to feel good with your family and with yourself .
Dear director :
I would like to work for you in the USA summer camp .
About the cooking , I attend an all - girls school and I have cooking lessons once a week .
I also like to bake cookies and sometimes , my mom asks me to take care of dinner .
I 'm also very good at sports , I practice trak & field and pingo pong , so sports are n't a problem either .
I 'm an outdoors person , so I will be very happy with the accomodation . I would be very thankful to work for you if you decide to accept my application .
I hope you have a great day ,
Margot
Dear Mrs Sykes ,
I have seen your advertisement on the internet and I would like to apply for the post as activity coordinator .
I am 16 years of age and , due to having a sister , I really like working with children and also know their interest well . I have enjoyed and practised swimming since I was eight years old and I have also won some competition , therefore I believe that I am suitable for the job .
Furthermore , I go jogging every Sunday morning with some friends .
My reason for applying for this position is that I am good on combining my experience in swimming with my wide knowledge of the countryside , which I think it will be interesting for the children .
Federica Chiu
Today , human civilisation is changing at a higher speed than any time in the past .
Maybe in 50 years people wo n't work as we do now , instead , we will build only robots .
I do n't think that people will live forever in 50 years , but I hope that the life of our children will be better than ours .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
That morning his , grandmother went to the hospital because she had to do a surgery and she told him to buy some magazines for her , because at the hospital she 's be bored and she could n't get off of the bed for a few days .
So Peter went home to take his wallet , but before that he decide to take a nap because he was tired , so he started to sleep , but it ended up that he slept for over 3 hours and his mother started calling him at the telephone and she was really angry because he forgot to buy the magazines for his grandmother .
So he woke up and looked at his watch and knew that he had to buy them immediately or his mother would be even more angry than before .
He took his wallet and then he ran to buy the magazines and after that he went to the hospital to give them to his granny .
Unfortunately , the hospital was already closed to the visitors , so he had to wait until the next morning .
A FANTASTIC FUTURE
Will transport be different in the future ?
Certainly it will be .
But how ?
If we think about the future , some sketches of famous movies could come to our mind .
For example , we could think about some odd cars that can fly or become invisible .
Actually , in my opinion , in the future there will be faster transport .
In addition , means of transport will be able to produce less pollution .
And how will our way of travelling change ?
In the future , everyone will be able to go on holiday all around the world since the transport will be faster and cheaper .
To sum up , I think that means of transport in the future will make our life easier , both when we have to go to work or to school and when we want to travel .
Transport will also respect the environment and nature .
Do n't you think that this future is fantastic ?
since decades , man has preferred to use another way of transporting than using his own foot .
In my opinion , that was the main reason for the wheel invention .
Scientists could provide , in the past years , new transportation tools , from cycles , automobiles up to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros , that has been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation net through the same country , and sometimes exceeded it to another country 's boarder upon an agreement between those countries .
Many people assured that they are preferring using their own cars , but they were being forced to use the Public transport for many reasons , such as , the complexities they are facing with the driver 's license , in addition to the fuel high cost .
They were more likely forced rather than having to choosing it as an option .
Let 's do n't forget the hard times during cold weather changes , especially in winter , while reaching the bus stations , or their low chances of having a good place to sit , may be there is another important reason that raise the private transport 's scores than the public one , which is molestation .
The end
Dear Paul ,
I am writing to tell you about the concert .
Last month , I enjoyed helping at the Rainbow concert .
The aim of this concert was to show that all children are the same .
I was invited to help at a concert by my English teacher .
I did a lot to make this concert better .
I had to make one hundred invitation cards .
The cards included the programmee of the concert and some photos of children from all over the world .
I was really excited about it .
Also , I learned that you have to be very enthusiastic and self - confident because finding the sponsors for a concert is quite a difficult task . I liked that the teacher trusted me .
I hope that I will use this experience in my future .
See you soon ,
Rasa
And now I can easily speak about many shopping facilities in my city .
So , let 's begin .
You can find many shops there with second - hand clothes you taste .
There are many good things from Asia , America and Europe , of course .
If you have enough money for Kiev luxury shopping , called ' gold shoppping ' , you 'd rather go on Khreshatik street .
I like to go shopping there with my best friends at the weekend .
I often buy second - hand , old - fashioned jeans , skirts , trousers , jackets and shoes .
In conclusion , I have to say , that in Kiev you can find everything , if you really want to .
So , good luck .
Art / Music is less important than science / technology .
As soon as we open our eyes every day , we begin to use technology , such as alarm , cell phone and light .
The more technology we use , the more important it is .
Technology makes us easy to connect with our family , friends and co - workers .
We can talk to our family and friends immediately , which is not limited by space .
I can call my dad who live in New York now , then call my friend living in Norway after the first call .
Therefore , if I had studied abroad fifty years ago , I could n't call my family directly and it is also not an easy job .
It ca n't believe that we keep in touch with our family and friends not only by voice and message but also by video call , now .
Before the computer was born in this world , we used paper to list something which we should afford it could disappear or be ruined by something .
Therefore , we use a calculator to count numbers in a few second .
Our life has been transformed into an easy way by technology .
Besides , the grandest invention is the Internet .
I sit in front of my computer and I acquire news from around the world .
As a person said , ' ' Sitting near a computer , you will get the world . ''
It is easier to contract entertainment which could release our stress immediately .
In the modern world , stress always disturb our life .
When you ca n't breathe in your life , you need some entertainment ; for example , you can listened to music with your cellphone or watched some funny videos after all the things that bothered you .
Technology has changed our life in many ways , which brings many advantages for us , such as convenience , making it easy to connect with friends and easier to contract entertainment .
In conclusion , in these three premises , I consider that technology and science is important rather than art and music .
There are a lot of magazines in many fields of sports .
Developed technology , we can see the game which happened in the opposite side of the earth .
Everybody has a favorite sport .
The World cup has been the world famous festival .
Here are 2 reasons .
First of all , soccer is more active than other sports .
Activation makes people exciting and remember their memory .
For example , American football always has a moment to set the position .
I can give you another example .
Watching the baseball game also bores me .
Sometimes , a game just finished with pitcher and catcher 's catch ball game .
On this point , there is a second reason I can say .
The second reason is that soccer involved for all players to participate into the game .
For baseball , if the hitter could n't hit the ball , the other players would not need to move at all .
To me , that is weird .
Playing for almost 3 hours , some players could n't touch the ball .
If somebody wanted to play a soccer , I would recommend that he or she has to have a stretching because soccer is a very active sport , so you always has a possibility to be injured .
Those items will help you not to be injured .
Nowadays , many people have their own favorite sports , but people are starting to ignore other sports except their favorite sport .
We need to respect other sports and other people 's perspectives .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her , because it was her 18th birthday .
She knew that her parents were doing a surprise for her , but it was kept in a big secret until the night party .
She looked around the living room , and was surprised , how many was people there .
Then she thanked her parents , and started to enjoy the party .
Her parents had organised many contests , musical and karaoke .
There were many sweets , cocktails , fruits .
Anna was happy !
Anna was very happy and excited and thanked her parents heartily for this birthday party .
She slept all the day after this big celebration .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very pleased with your letter . I 'm going to try to give you some advice .
For example , in ours capital city , Prague , there are many historical buildings like Carl 's bridge , the Cathedral of St. Vit , the big clock called Orloj , and so many others .
In Prague is many good shops with clothes , souvenirs and many good things to buy .
If you prefer to go to nature I can recommend you ours mountains , Krkonoše , Jeseníky or Šumava .
There there is very beautiful nature , calm and fresh air .
If you go to south Morava , you should definitely try some vines or the drink called Slivovice .
Here there is also many nice castles .
For example , near Prague is the castle called Karlštejn , where lived Karel IV . or the castle called Buchlovice , which is on south - east of your country near the city of Uherské Hradiště .
These are very nice castles .
It depends what job you would like to do .
If you would like to ask something or get to know more information about some place , just let me know .
Best regards ,
Pavel
Dear Mr Smith .
I am Melina and I am interested in your job vacancy .
To begin , I would like to say that I love children .
In my opinion , we should build a perfect world for them to grow up in a safe and environmentally friendly place .
I have experience of taking care of children .
I am the eldest of my family , so I had to take care of my sisters and cousins .
I have enrolled on different courses about children development and currently I am working as an au pair where I have to speak English .
And I have just learnt how to play ice hockey .
Will I have to cook my own recipes ?
English will not be a problem because I know how to communicate with young people .
Melina .
the first martial art that I proved was tae kwon doo and I practice for 5 years , after that , i started kung fu and i m still there .
i have been practicing gymnastics during 4 months and am fascinated with it , i like to be tired for doing stunts , and I also feel very healthy because I exercise daily , if its not gymnastics , it 's kung fu .
I like those sports because you need much strength and dedication to be getting better , I like kung fu weapons and handsfree forms , to do something spectacular in kung fu , you have to do acrobatic gymnastics .
I invited my friends to try these sports and apparently they liked it , many did not because they did not know well what it was , but after living it for yourself , you realize that they are very beautiful sports .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
So I gave up to try it again today .
After authorizing my credit card administration , I tried to renew it , but again , there was the same message of error .
So , I did n't try it again , because I think that there must have been a problem not related to my credit card account .
Best regards ,
Amauri Tijerina Luna
Owing a pet would benefit all members of a family .
First of all , a pet is a friend for the family and , mush better , is a memeber of the family .
On the other hand , there are a lot of disadvantages of owing a pet in big citiew .
I have heard abou pets that they get sick by living in a small apartment in down town , and that is terrible .
In my opinion , it might seems good to have a pet if we are teke care of it .
All in all , qing a pet in a big city must be done carefully , ensuring all that a pet needs .
Good authors , I think , have to be able to find the way to keep together these to important aspects .
The first thing that I would suggest TV authors do , is focusing a set of strategic topics for an advanced society .
Environmental protection for instance , or more practically , the correct use of the water in our houses .
The topics can be easily focused on if we have in mind a model of society where individuals have a central role .
Several contents could have an educative value , for example , those concerning our relationships with others , or our relationship with nature and with different cultures and religions .
All these topics , by using creativity and new technologies , can be faced in a way to make them soft and adapt to entertain .
Today , I would like to tell you a shocking piece of news .
It is called " that 76 people are confirmed dead in a Colombian plane crash " .
A charter plane carrying 72 passengers , including players from Brazilian soccer team Chapecoense , crashed near Rionegro , Colombia , according to the country 's civil aviation department .
Nine crew members were also on board .
The civil aviation agency had initially announced that six passengers , three players , two crew members , and one journalist , survived the crash .
I think it is a catastrophe to victims and their families .
Recently , more and more airplane accidents occur .
To avoid accidents , the government and airline companies have to do something to prevent tragedy .
Thank you for your attention .
There are few ways that help us master it .
First of all , you need to preview .If you do this , and you 'll have a clear idea about what are you going to learn in class .
It'll make you learn faster .
Next , when you are in a class , focus on what the teacher says , she / he will teach you and give you a clearer understanding about grammar .
And they will also remind you about some key points you do n't understand when you preview it .
They'll be glad to help .
At last , when you learn some grammar concepts that are new to you , you need to practice them .It'll help you remember it and how to use it .
If you do all the things above , I promise your grammar will improve and you 'll master it eventually .
I visit the Spaniards Arm quite often .
Next to Hamstead Heath , this historic Inn is full of character .
The menu is more than one would expect from a pub or even a gastro - pub .
I like the variety of the main course selection and drinks .
I opted for a steak there once .
Surprisingly , they serve it with a half cut bone which is quite fun by itself , even before you taste the dish . The mashed potato is creamy and full of butter .
The meat is perfectly prepared , whether you ordered it bloody or well done .
Taking care of our environment is considered , for many of us , one of the most important things in our lives .
Recycling is both a popular and an undervalued method .
Everybody knows what separate rubbish into different bins means , but , a big part of the society believes that it is not worth doing it if there are people that does not recycle .
I would answer to them that , then , how do they explain all the sheets of paper , crystal and plastic items that have been made of recycled materials , allowing us to save tons of primal resources ?
Using its respective light bulbs , household appliances and any other thing that saves energy is the only way that individuals can help but , it is not effective .
In this case , restrictions should be implemented by the government .
Taking everything into consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recycle , which is the following one : The biggest waste of energy take part in primal resources industries , if we reuse all the materials that had already been exploited , we would reduce at least half of its costs .
The chilis restaurant at 123 street , Toronto , is really a great place to hang out .
The Scrumptious food served makes me go back there often . if you want to have a lip - smacking dessert , this is the ultimate place .
Everyone will love the appetizers and main courses served there .
The spice levels are suitable for everyone .
If you want to have a quiet , cozy dinner , you can sit at the table in the corner .
Whereas if you are going in there to party with friends or watch a game , you get a table at suitable place . I believe that if we all could go to this restaurant at the end of our course , we will surely have a great time .
Japanese people take an interest in used clothes .
There is involved with a recycling spirits in the Edo period .
In the Edo period , there was the society that was called " super recycling - oriented society " .
Almost products and materials were recycled and changed into new products .
People did this without special efforts .
There were many specialists to repair , recycle and collect products in the Edo period .
Used clothes were sold by a " gyosyo " , that means peddler .
It was just the number of union members , so in fact , there were more secondhand clothing stores in the Edo period .
Kimono has a very simple structure .
After that , western clothes became popular in Japan and , the recycling system was forgot for a long time .
However , secondhand clothing stores are increasing in recent years .
There are many secondhand clothing stores now .
The media , or also known as mass media , is one of the most powerful means of spreading information .
It gives people the opportunity to get to know what happens all around the world in each matter , such as poverty , occupation , discrimination , suppression of human rights , and so on .
Nowadays , we can easily get information which we need through the Internet , in the newspapers , on the TV .
As European citizens , we are bounded , directly or indirectly , with the loads of social problems and issues in Europe , so we have to acquire our right of free access to information privately and randomly in order to stop corruption , to acquire knowledge about our rights .
So that we can be active citizens and help the EU continuing developing .
Many years ago I used to go to the cinema every Sunday afternoon .
It was the best way to spend my free time with friends .
Only the place was important .
Nevertheless , Today I usually go to the cinema when I really want to watch a particular film .
Nowadays , I try to choose films with good actors or actresses , special scrips and plots , documentary stories or special renowned Director 's films , like Almodovar , Sanchez Arévalo o Alex de la Iglesia .
On the one hand , Comedies are my favourites ones because I have to laugh when I have finished my work .
But on the other hand , I have to get used to go to the cinema as often as I can , but I wish cinema will be cheap .
First , there are often a lot of people in bigger shops .
There comes as no surprise that it is totally difficult to find a necessary thing with a good price in a defined time through a crowd .
Once , I remember myself hanging around in the shopping mall Akropolis in order to buy shoes in two hours . I did not managed to get particular one , because of size , which some shops suddenly could not suggest as well as the quality of others did not seem to be valuable for fixed prices .
He is tired and because of winter he wears a warm coat .
The problem goes after the problem and a person starts to feel sick .
Also , It is a well - known fact , that it is totally hot to be with a coat in a shopping mall in the winter season .
There are some assistants who , if you ask or even do not ask , they start suggesting the best their products as well as the most expensive ones to you .
This can make your shopping really annoying , because some type of people need to check by themselves in order to evaluate the quality of a product .
So , shopping does not always provide good feelings .
I 'm afraid I ca n't go running in the mornings . I 'm very busy at work .
There are plenty of clubs in the town .
If I were you , I would pick up the one in the avenue , because of the facilities
it has , such as the swimming pool and the gym as well .
Working out in the gym twice a week is enough as long as you eat healthy and , of course , you should forget those delicious cakes you use to make !
I 'd love to teach you how to swim and the gym in the avenue is perfect for that .
I 'm really looking forward to doing it !
Talk to you soon ,
Sebastian
But the passion is not only when you are playing football , you can increment your passion by supporting a team in the good times and the bad times , going to the stadium , and when your team reach the glory , you can also feel that , and in this moments , you are the happiest person in the world .
So I invite you to join the love and passion when you feel when you are playing or watching a match of football , and if you share this love with another person , the passion increases a lot , your feelings are in their higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second , you can start to cry because you 're team ca n't finish the way to the championship .
There are lots of interesting sports , but there is normally one that you like the most .
In my case , it is not really a sport in itself , it is a cultural activity which needs a big physical effort .
I am talking about dancing , specifically ballet .
For dancing you need some mental and physical skills , but none of them are as hard as people think .
The start is the hardest part , considering that your body is not used to do this kind of sport ; however , once you are in it , everything becomes easier and you feel healthy and much more active .
One of the things that I enjoy the most is that you dance in a group , therefore you meet people and you can make a friendship after a while .
1 . I guessed I had more fluency at writing , which suggests how well I 've improved .
4 . Everything was kept neatly .
Anything was found difficult nor struggling .
1 . I overthought every so often , because I was not sure if what I was doing was alright .
2 . I should stop thinking in Spanish and think more in English since translating might be confusing .
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
Choosing a sport to practise is a complicated thing . You should choose something that you enjoy , but at the same time , something you can afford to pay for .
As a result of that , I have tried many sports in my life .
My favourite is diving .
Although you may think that is a dangerous sport , which it can be , the adrenaline rush you feel when you are in the water makes it worth the danger .
It is very important to check the equipment first .
If you are not used to do it , you can make a mistake , and then it is when the sport became dangerous .
After a few lessons , you will be able to go diving on yourself and enjoy the sensation of freedom that provides you this sport .
I encourage you to try it .
Without any doubt , our life is changed quickly and we do not realise about this .
Nowadays , people is aware of environmetal problems and they will try to figure out solutions .
For example , all future houses will use solar cells to produce electricity .
Not only they will be used to telephone , but we could pay with them too .
To conclude , it is impossible to argue against the fact that people 's live will change in the next years , but , these changes will help to improve our environment and our dairy life .
It is often said , that shopping is a pleasant procedure , but sometimes it becomes bothersome .
However , there are situations we do not find enjoyable at all .
I will mention some of the reasons why and times when shopping can be unenjoyable .
Firstly , when we do not have enough time in the morning to go shopping , we have to do it in the evening when most people go and buy things they need .
Shopping may cause frustration , mainly , when we have to squeeze through the crowd .
Secondly , shopping definitely become unenjoyable when we are not able to find products we want and desire .
Shops use a lot of tricky ways to encourage people to buy more than they need .
To conclude , we have to know when and to which shop we should go to avoid stressful and not enjoyable situations .
Probably one of the most discussed topics - global warming , is also the most serious issue ; world is facing today .
Researchers have proved that human activities such as industrialization , deforestation etc . can trigger global warming .
One of the most evident effects of global warming is the depletion of the ice at the North & South poles , in turn causing the sea level to rise and encroachment of land .
There are scientific evidences , that calamities like Katrina and , Hud - Hud can be linked to global warming .
For example , governments can impose limits on emissions produced by manufacturing plants and force industries to help in forestation .
Individuals can also play their part in controlling global warming .
For example , individuals can reduce the use of the plastic materials , use public transport to control emission , recycle waste material etc .
To conclude , global warming is a serious concern which can not be ignored any longer .
Government & Individual both have a role to play , in facing this the biggest challenge of the Time , Earth is facing .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to apply for a job in the summer camps .
I am a very hard - working person , organised , calm and friendly person .
I have two kids ; one is 8 years old and the other one is 10 years old , so I have plenty of experience with kids .
I look forward to hearing from you and hope you will invite me for an interview .
Yours faithfully ,
Stela Volkov
He hoped a lot of students could join in with this activity , so he makes a rule which is if you take your friends ' writing , you can get 1 dollar per writing .
The message was posted on the website .
I thought , no matter who wins the competition , we all must get 1 dollar for prize .
But my friends were not interested in that competition , they thought writing is boring and got 1 dollar is small .
I told them , you can just write , no matter what you write .
One day , Michael entered his company and his employee happily told him , " we got many responses " .
When he read the content of the article , he discovered many of them are similar .
He was sad to go to his office .
After I joined ACU ( Australian Catholic University ) , I have found vast differences in teaching method between Nepal and Australia .
In Nepal , students study individually , do not ask questions with the tutor even if they are confused .
Meanwhile , Australian education is based on making students learn new skills .
Besides , students are able to raise questions with the lecturer because they can express their opinion .
At first , I felt difficult , stressed while studying in groups and used to hesitate while sharing my ideas , opinion , but now I am familiar with the academic culture .
Academic culture is a challenge for many students for effective learning .
Peer learning is a small group of three to five students who are kept together to discuss the content and carry out educational activities in mutual engagement .
( Fisher , as cited in Strake , 2010 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a two - way learning process in which members of a group feel it easier to discuss the content .
It helps to know the importance of group work by giving and receiving feedback on particular tasks .
According to Hamp ( 2002 ) , the goal of an EAP ( English For Academic Purpose ) course is to teach students relevant study skills they need throughout their degree .
It helps to share the ideas , knowledge , among the students and make them think critically , by using formal language while writing , and so on .
In conclusion , the adoption of the Australian academic culture has developed strategies for my learning .
In the future , I will enhance my learning strategies by working actively in group .
I want to talk about a restaurant called " Bierkeller "
People at the restaurant are very kind , the treat you in a very polite way and it is worth going there
If we go to Bierkeller , we wo n't regret it and we will have a great time trying different types of food , learning maybe a little bit of the history of the town and be happy as a group
From one hand , a big part of the global population consider this year off a way of learning and gaining experience while you enjoy travelling all around the world and you get to know people from all the different cultures .
Nowadays , employers are looking for experienced people who knows how to adapt to all the different situations you can be involved in , such as an international lecture or a difficult plight .
But taking a year off has its downsides as well , like the time people waste working on something they are not going to do in the future , because with any kind of extracurricular studies , people strangely find a good job .
That is why it is recommended to wait until you finish university to look for a job .
For many years , Apple , Google and several traditional automakers have been running prototypes , which are driving from self and nobody can steer the car .
The question arises if driverless cars will be a boon or a bane to us ?
First of all , self driving cars are good for people who have got a handicap .
At the moment , people who has got a handicap can not drive a car on theirself .
When this people can drive a self - driving car , the feel more comfortable and the can live more freely .
Similarly important is the fact that self - driving cars are more saftier as no self - driving cars .
Is car driving really safe ?
Self - driving cars are steered by a very modern software and this software is so exactly that the number of accidents will be decline .
In contrast , self driving cars are very expensice and much people can not buy it .
Self - driving cars are very modern and drive with a very highly technically software .
Rich people can buy it but people of the middle class can not .
In the future , this can make a highly gap between poor and rich people .
This is the reason why self - driving cars can be in the near future only something for rich people .
The automobilindustries have to work on a plan so that self - driving can be bought by people oft he middle class too .
When this will be going on self - driving cars can be an enrichment for our life .
The Reading museum in Berkshere has visitors from all age groups , but is particularly suitable for young people who need help for school projects or want to take up creative things as a hobby .
They have a number of workshops for young people from beginner to semi - professional , and most of those are not so expensive .
You can learn various interesting art - works such as painting , photograph , ceramic , from the lifework professionals .
You can also enjoy a quiet afternoon in the cafe if you go there around evening .
I really recommend every young people to visit there once when you have time , although it might be better to avoid the weekends .
introduction :
these are very cheap and people who do not have a car use it to move everywhere . however , this mode of transport isnot so comfortable , because sometimes you must travel with lots of people .
people use their car for travel a long o short distance , this is really comfortable because you can manage the speed and where you will direct .
when you are not keen on travel by bs and you do not want to get the car out of the garage , the taxis may be the best option .
there are several options to choose from , but the choice depends on each individual .
In my country , for instance , people starts playing football at the very early age .
The only thing they need is to have a ball and a piece of land .
By playing football , you meet a lot of people of your age and make some friends .
Finally , football is , like all sports , very good for your health .
My advice to people who want to play football is to be passionate , to like and feel football .
So , when I wake up every morning , also pushed because I am a very active person , I get such a motivation to go out and do something .
So , when my friends ask me which is my favourite sport , a problematic decision comes to my mind , simply because I like them all .
First , running is cheap .
Second , running is simple .
That said , running is probably the easiest sport to practise .
Famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
In my opinion , it has two sides .
On the one hand , without their career effect , they would be as normal as we are .
Sometimes , they are happy , sometimes , they are sad .
Like we all know , technology is making the best of it .
Providing us needs that in the past were n't met .
Public transport is used every day by millions of people .
This is because technology has given us this opportunity , and as time goes by , more and better modifications are made to car .
Will it be good , or not ?
That is something we have to work on .
Just what we need .
Enough to live .
The purpose of this report is to assess the best and the worst aspects of Active Leisure Club .
The clients benefit of professional coaches , who train them in order to perform the exercises correctly .
There are appliances such as treadmills , bikes , weightlifting and many others .
You should build one to improve the popularity of your leisure club .
Those people who use the spa can benefit from treatments of the highest quality .
However , these services are very expensive , and not everybody can afford them .
In the club 's sports hall , people can play different sports and have fun with their friends .
Nowadays everyone has read a book .
There are plenty of choice , novel , historic , drama or comedy .
You are reading and thinking about what will happen .
But something happens unexpectedly and the new chapter is completely different to what you had imagined .
Those things make me say that it is a good book .
That is a wonderful capacity of some good writers .
This book has a very fluent plot , what makes that Vanity fair was one of the best novel .
In my opinion , a good book has to have surprise , has to have a good plot , a good variety of characters and , as I said , has to involve you .
When you read a book you ca n't stop to read it .
The last CD I bought was Britney Jean by Britney Spears .
However , from my point of view , it 's not true .
When I listened to this CD by the first time , I could sense how the singer break out in these songs and how many aspects of her life thought her to grow up a little bit more each day .
He had to apply all his knowledge to make something concrete , with potential .
One night , he went to a party with his colleagues .
He thought it will be good to be distracted for a while .
It was already night when he was in Luck 's house ( Luck was an old friend ) and all of them were talking about life things , but then Luck remembered that John was working in an experiment that he did n't know what was it about , so he asked John in front of everyone :
I heard that you were working in an experiment ! "
- Actually , I am still working on it !
Peter 's career was similar to John 's .
He asked him if he could work with him and said that he knew something that could help his devise to succeed .
As time passed , Peter and John gradually became more close to each other .
They were very happy .
They decided to design a vertical field to expand the laboratory .
Everything was going very good ; nonetheless , Peter 's intentions changed and became riddle .
There was a gap of ambition in him .
My name is Daniel and my favourite sport is Padel .
It is similar to tennis but the court is smaller than a tennis court .
The most important thing that you have to think when you start to play this sport is that it is a game and you should improve your level fast because it is an easy sport .
I started when I was 18 years old and I played 2 days per week .
Now , I play padel four days per week .
Dear Sir ,
This letter is in regard to the summer camp application advertised in the newspaper .
I am a 32 years old Computer Science graduate currently working as a software consultant .
I am an active person and exercise daily to keep myself fit and positive all through my day .
I also play cricket and badminton during the weekends .
I teach English in the suburb colony to primary children as part of my company 's ' Giving Back to Society ' program .
I am taking a vacation during the second half of March and I see it to be a perfect time to join the summer camp , as the dates coincide .
I also enjoy cooking and will be a great help in the kitchen .
With my experience as a teaching assistant , I can easily handle young kids and keep them busy in learning . I am follow a lot of sports channels in TV during my free time and that helps me in setting up the rules for the sports activities and ensure they are organized well .
Having an energetic and cheerful attitude , I would like you to consider me as the best fit for the camp volunteer and accept my application .
Sri Kapadia Chowdhury .
At big cities , such as New York , the main public transport is the underground , which is usually fast and not too expensive .
There are other types of public transport such as bus , train , or even planes for long trips .
I do not agreee with the idea which says that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect way of transport for commuters and , nowadays , a lot of people is conscious with the global warmig and the envirnoment , and refuses to use the car every day .
Clare ,
What have you been doing since you moved from here ?
Secondly , I am so happy that you are glad with your new home . And how is It like ?
I can imagine how difficult it can be , although calm down , you will find out different things to do and make friends as soon as possible .
I really want to visit you .
I will look forward to hearing from you ,
Claudia
PUBLIC TRANSPORT .
Nowadays , travel in public transport has been an experience who none has failed .
However , there exist now a discussion about what the people prefer , if the public transport or the vehicule of oneself .
Exist a lot of benefits of the public transport , at the start , you do nt have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book o wathever you want without have to pay attention to the traffic , is true , too , that travel by this way of transport help the goverment because you have to pay for it , and the majority of them are cheap enought to everyone .
However , so much people love have their own vehicule , a car , a bick , a moto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicule is that you do nt have to take a bus , for example , crowded of people , you can go alone in your car , or with whoever you want , but the important thing is that you chose .
In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport has their own pros and cons , but in my opinion , the difference between both of this is that in the secon you chose you own style .
Extremadura is a small place where you can not find many transport types .
The car is a quick , cheap and easy mode of transport since you can use it when you want and you can park it where you want .
When you use the car , you do not have to think in timetables and you do n't have to pay for expensive tickets for travelling .
However , I think that this mode of transport has some disadvantages , for instance : if in a small city there are a lot of cars , the pollution will increase and the environment will be injured .
Also , when a city is small , the people should walk to different places since everything is near to your houses .
I think that the urban buses have improved in Cáceres .
Now , it is securier to travel than in last years .
In the bus stop there are devices that advice to the people of the minutes that they have to wait to the arrived of the bus .
Finally , in Extremadura , the transport least used is the train .
Hello , dear guests ! We are glad to see you in our city . I want to tell you about interesting places in my city .
In the summer , it is a place where you can play Volleyball in the special ground with sand , play ping - pong , or if you are tied , you can sit in a special hammock .
Many people come to the park for a picnic .
And in the evening , you can go to the open - air cinema .
In the winter , Gorky Park is very beautiful and there are an ice skating park .
Everybody goes to it because it is the best ice skating park in Europe .
I think it is a good plays to other activities .
I like this park , so to my mind , it is the best park in Moscow . You should go to the Gorky Park .
Hi Alison !
I 'll try to describe for you an ordinary daily menu in my country .
Breakfast should be a shot of energy in my opinion .
But I prefer a strong coffee instead of tea .
It 's a good way to wake up !
First is a soup , the most popular is chicken soup .
The main course is very heavy - lot of potatoes with meat .
I would prefer to eat more light dishes , like vegetables with rise .
As usual , I 'm on a diet , so I prefer only yogurth .
Kisses ,
Monika
I 'd like to introduce myself : I 'm Italian with an obsession for the English language
I ca n't stop studying the English language , I'm a sort of ' englishaddicted , but I wish I were an English native speaker , I do n't know why .
I 've been studying English at school .
, later I took my degree in Modern Foreign Languages and Literatures , starting my to and from England to improve my skills .
While studying at the University , my idea was to move to the UK to work there , but I got married so I could n't realize my dream . !
I will never stop visiting the UK and trying to improve my speaking and writing skills , thanks too , to your help .
4 . Do you learn more at school or on placement ?
Where do you actually learn more , at school or on placement ?
First of all , before arguing this question , it is important to compare the answers with people who are on the same education and at the same school .
Because there can be a lot of differences in the characteristics of those two subjects .
After that , having said that , I can clearly write down my opinion about this question .
I think that at my school the balance of this civil education is n't right and fair at all .
Because the numbers of theory lessons about our discipline are by far many hours less than I expected to get .
This makes it nearly a complete self - study education , which should n't be that way at this level of schooling .
So because of this , the placement is always a step ahead to choose for at this question because they will teach you directly more .
In addition , on placement , the things you learn are always focused on that particular job and company .
So the details and information they teach you will be more useful in your future career than the random information about the subjects at school .
So this makes it already two against zero for the placement .
And finally , the third and last reasons why I think you learn more on placement than at school .
When you go to school you have to follow lessons which are , off course , useful for your knowledge , but , the way of following this lessons are not a natural work pattern .
In a natural work pattern , you have to do , also like school , your tasks , but the communication is also an important part of it .
This important way of communication lacks at school , because it 's a nearly a one direction way of communicating from the teachers .
While on placement , they work more in an evaluating way to improve skills .
So , with the these three arguments all going in the same direction to explain my opinion at this question , I think it has not to be explained any further now .
The necessity has declined that working and living needs to be fairly close to each other .
Managing long distances seems to be normal nowadays .
Moreover , people enjoy being unbound and , therefore , they are willing to travel long distances .
Some people go even so far and do n't to assume that public transport will not have a future at all .
Especially in the countryside , public transport is no alternative to cars , due to the lack of frequency .
Consequently , people prefer taking the car .
Travelling by train as a family or group is often far more expensive than taking the car .
Nevertheless , public transport still provides several advantages in comparison to taking the car .
However , it will remain in the future , as still many people use it or even depend on it .
The purpose of this report is to inform you about how the city of Granada take care of the envirnoment .
Rubbish and pollution
There are a lot of recycling points of plastic , paper , used oil , glass and batteries .
As for pollution , it refers , in spite of to have a decent public transport system , Granada is one of the worst cities of Spain .
Clean Infrastructures
How was said , Granada have a decent public transport system and now it is being improved by adding a metropolitan train .
However , Granada can not be considerer as Ciclyng Friendly , there is less ciclyng roads than in other cities of a similar size .
In addition , the oldtown is not as involved as it should be in clean behaviour , it being the University who make the biggest effort .
Summing Up
I considerer that Granada score 6.5 out of 10 about taking care of the envirnoment .
It was built in 1754 and renovated in 2007 and nowadays you can see the new face of this amazing place .
When the weather is good enough , close to the castle take place many kinds of parties and enterinments .
Unfortunately , tickets are expensive but they are worth buying . I also honestly recommend you to see all the places around the Big Castle such as the Town Museum or Folk village .
And what 's more , castle is situated in the centre of the town with an easy walking distance to shops and park .
I can assure you you will never get bored with this place and all things things connected with the Big Castle will make it memorable for you .
Hope you will enjoy your stay .
Hello Maria ,
I 'm thinking about our last trip .
It was amazing !
I 'd like to spend my summer holidays with you .
When are you available ?
We could visit different countries , for example , France , Holland and Belgium because they 're near .
It 's a beautiful city and I 'd like to go with you .
It 's a long trip but it does n't matter because I 've good friends there and I want to spend some time with my grandparents , David and Gema .
I 'll get you a surprise !
Regards ,
Carlos
Nowadays , almost every person in the world watches movies temporarily or permanently .
It can be done by going to a cinema or watching movies at home .
I like both ways .
Regarding my preferences , I would like to admit that the silent genre has conquered me .
Of course , the unprepared viewer ca n't understand the inner beauty of this genre and will choose something mediocre .
However , simplicity in some cases can be very good and smart .
When I want to watch something easy , comedy or horror comes to my mind .
In my opinion , very few people use movies for broadening the mind .
They are simply relaxing by such a way .
His mom was disappointed about that , too .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My favourite website is Drive2.ru .
The aim of the site is to get together people interested in cars .
In this network you create a profile of your car , write a list of improvements you have done in it , upload photos and movies about you car and , of course , you meet a lot of people with the same interests .
Drive2 users often have a lot of technical questions about their cars .
So they often need the help of professionals .
I think that it is necessary to involve some professional mechanics to give advice to users .
The other website I often use is Google.com , because it is the greatest searching service ever created by human beings .
I think that many google users will be happy if the developpers bring more useful information to the main page , for example , weather information , carrency rates or hot news .
Moreover , google map service needs some improvements , such as street names , map accuracy and more city panorams .
Hello dear visitors of Moscow !
Welcome to Moscow !
I hope your arrival was successful and you have been enjoying our town .
If you want to spend your time visiting a famous and very beautiful place and see by yourself the main sightseeing in Moscow , I recommend you to visit the Red Square .
The world famous Red Square is located in the centre of Moscow .
Your group will see many well - known monuments of architecture , which you will admire .
There , you will be able to find out a lot of information about the history of Moscow and Russian rulers .
You will be very exciting watching St. Basils 's Cathedral , the monument of Minin and Pozharsky , and the Kremlin .
I recommend you to visit the Kremlin .
It 's necessary for you if you want to see the most famous place in Moscow .
I hope you will enjoy seeing this place and become really excited by this excursion , watching the great architectural monuments
I enclose my CV for your information .
I have had extensive experience working face - to - face with customers .
I have worked two years in a well know coffee franchise and previously for three years in a famous patisserie as a chef assistant , giving me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge about cooking .
I am a conscientious person who works hard and pays attention to detail . I am flexible , quick to pick up new skills , and eager to learn from others .
I have lots of ideas and enthusiasm and I am available to work long hours .
I am keen to work for a company with a great reputation , like Green Pepper Cafe .
Thank you for taking the time to consider this application and I look forward to hearing from you in the future .
Cristina Vargas
This topic leads me to think of my brother 's child .
This result in different views of whether people accept that it is easier to raise children now a day .
First , the parents only want fewer kids , so the children 's resource are must plentiful than 50 years ago .
My brother only has one child , but my grandfather has four children .
They had no money they could use on entertainment .
That is what I say that the fewer children can get more resource and are easier to be raise .
Of course , that must include the health care system .
For instance , in the big city , we can very easy to find the specific space to serve our children , such as special toilet and a Breast - Feeding Room in every subways .
These kinds of space can make parents comfortable and able to concentrate on their children 's care .
On the other hand , the software infrastructures are important as well as hardware system .
The health care system also helps the parents to care of their children , because of people can spend less money to recover their disease by insurance .
Of course , some people may be moved to disagree with my position on this issue .
Having a healthy lifestyle is one of the most important things for our health , because it reduces the chances of getting sick and it gives you the energy and concentration you need .
But what should you do in order to live a healthy life ?
Eating on a schedule is a very important tip you should take in consideration , and also , trying to avoid fried meals or fast food .
Fruits , vegetables and water
They would help you immune system , and your skin and will also give you the amount of energy you need throughout the whole day .
However , drinking 2 litters of water everyday is essential to your health and has a lot of benefits , such as helping energising your muscles or keeping your skin look good .
Sports and sleep
It will give you a lot of energy to study and do the things you love , while feeling healthy and living healthy .
Besides that , you should also sleep between 8 - 10 hours per night , so that your body can function effectively .
Do 's
-eat fruits and vegetables
-drink water
-sleep 8 - 10 hours / night
-do sports
Do n't 's
-eat a lot of Fast Food
-be lazy
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in connection with the advertisement for a job in the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I would like to apply for the position you offered .
I am a really cheery person , I like taking walks to the countryside and taking photos there in my free time and , in my opinion , I am a very tireless youngster .
Furthermore , I have worked as a catering assistant for a year .
Also , I would be grateful for information about the task I would be called for to do if I got the job .
I look forward to receiving a reply .
Lucía Orellana
No future for public transport is one of the worst things in our life .
Thus , our state spears no effect on fight it , transportation now is very over crowdedness and difficult , especially in the rush hour which people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock , the main reason for that is the increasing the number of people in our country ( housing problem ) and the result of that is a lot of accidents has been done and a lot of people were died .
A recent U.S. study revealed that the bus ride and trains regularly maintains the agility of the body and helps in reducing weight .
According to a study published by the journal « American Journal of Medicine Brevintev » in August / August next that the more public transport in the city , where the population has become leaner and healthier .
The U.S. researchers from two universities in the state of Pennsylvania and the Foundation « Rand » American research and development staff to monitor regularly attend public transportation or go to work by car within a year .
The study results showed that people who ride transportation .
The public decreased their weight by three kilograms on average , compared to people who use the car to move and the study attributed this result to walk to the bus stop and running to catch the bus in the expected position requires goer public transport more traffic , while this does not happen with motorists .
He appealed to the experts in political circles in the United States to invest more money in public transportation and improving security in the ways of the infantry in cities and make them more attractive to encourage people to use public transport .
Suffered the transport sector in the Arab countries of the many shortcomings and poor performance and is a form of environmental pollution and this is due primarily to a lack of the capacity of public institutions to develop strategies necessary to intervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result .
So it did not materialize for the transport sector often necessary capacity to provide reliable and safe transportation and moderate cost and , in spite of the high demand for transportation services in the Arab countries , are still public transport systems are undeveloped and drive people to rely on private cars .
It has been observed , for example , that the increasing in the number of cars varied between 7 and 10 percent per year in Jordan and this situation is similar to what happens in other Arab countries , and despite the investments in roads and infrastructure in the last few decades , the performance of this sector remains weak as a result of congestion severe in urban centers and poor air quality in many cities , land degradation and high rates of emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
The optimistic opinion , some people object that " there is no future for public transport " , saying that the future of public transport is clear and the prof of that is that in ancient , times there was n't any transport and by the time people starting to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars until the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by the creative people .
Hi Max ,
I recommend you , too , to visit the castle because it is very interesting .
My typical evening out is going to Anec Blau and , after that , I go to the cinema to watch a comedy film or go for a walk with friends .
Silvana .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am very glad of the fact that you visited our country and the area of Silesia .
According that , I recommend you to visit Tyskie Brewery in Tychy .
In my opinion , a trip will be fascinating because of the fact that the building of the Brewery is orginally a German - owned brewery which has been brewering been for almost 400 years .
I strongly advice you to see that , and there is an English - speaking guide who will show you the way of brewing process .
Tickets must be booked in advance and there is a tasting session at the end .
It is a good purpose , to see and get to know the place , where in Poland is produced a traditional and well - known beer .
Yours faithfully ,
Anna
The Asian restaurant Tian review
Firstly , it 's a really exquisite place , and it is decorated with objects from the South Asia .
The atmosphere seems exotic and calming .
The place is small , but it 's very cozy .
Finally , to add one more touch to the experience , you can take a ride in their tuk - tuk .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He got that mysterious look in his eyes .
He just realized how to solve one of the biggest physical challenges mankind has been interested in for ages .
We had been looking at this problem from the wrong angle all the time .
The periodic move of the minute hand compared to the smooth path of the seconds hand .
We were trying to reverse the flow of time , but that is not possible at all .
We have to focus on the breaks .
Time is running , seemingly continuously , the same as the seconds hand on his clock .
But we got this perception just because our eye can see only a limited number of images in a time period .
If a time period is long enough , like a minute , we can see a strict distinction between one and two .
That is the key !
Then we can just jump inside it and move in either direction , as we wish .
Peter grabbed his notebook and immediately wrote all this down .
Nowadays , we live in a society that we is totally dependent on transport .
This happens because , not only do we live in a big cities , but also we have no time to waste .
Due to this , we have witnessed to an increase of traffic .
Considering that the companies now are moving to the surrundings of the cities and there is the lack of more and flexible timetables , some people exclude the public transport option .
As a result of this , many people are trying new opitions , like car sharing .
It is believed that travelling by car is more comfortable and convenient for everyone , consequently , car brand 's look at is as a new opportunity creating new hybrid cars in order not to damage the environment .
I personally believe that , because of all this , the public transport will have no future in our society .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She woke up in the morning full of enthusiasm and zest for life .
She went to school very disappointed .
Day of school was very stretched because Anna always thought about the sad morning .
However , the surprise was still to come .
All of them were waiting for her with lots of gifts in a beautifully decorated room .
Anne was very surprised and happy .
In the past , technology was poor and only a few guys had a smarphone or a computer .
In contrast , today , everyone has the latest model of telephone or computeror whatever .
In the last ten years , technology have made a big jump and , thanks to the Internet , we can search for everything whenever we want .
In the past , it was better than now because grandparents or older people could tell you how to do something for the first time , they could give you some useful advice and you could establish a relation with them .
Today , everyone knows how everything is easier with technological machine but it 's more sad because you ca n't compare your thoughts with nobody .
For that reason , I think that for me , young people in the past learned a lot from their grandparents and it should be the same today too .
Their education is affected , for example .
They have to walk away long distances to have clean water and to work , too , to survive .
Unfortunately , this is the sad reality .
On Sunday morning , Tom was walking as usually when he saw a big poster with a picture of a big motorway .
In that moment , he understood that the mayor will build a big motorway there , next to the river .
Suddenly , he thought that the workers will cut down all the trees , and the squirrels will lose their refuges , so he thought that he had to do something immediately .
He wrote a letter to the town hall explaining the situation and asking them to stop the construction .
Tom arrived home very late .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
The lacck of a sense of civic responsibility is lead to bushfire easily .
For instance , some people discarded cigarette or match which is unattended , like barbeque or campfires .
In addition , in many developing country , unemployment they also migrate to forest and set fire to enhance cultivated surface .
Moreover , a small piece broken of bottle or glass can also lead to a bushfire .
it will attract the sun 's ray and set alight .
Bushfire is caused by numerous human activities but almost started from the carelessness of people ( Roland as cited in Schauble , 2009 )
I went for a week at Center Parcs in French with my family , my godfather , and my best friend .
The Center Parc is in the region of Lorraine .
We left on Monday morning at ten 0'clock , we should have put three hours away but we put double because of the plugs .
Once arrived , we unloaded the car and we went to the store .
On Tuesday we went to visit the Sainte- Croix Animal Park .
On Wednesday I went to try for horses with my godfather to possibly buy one .
On Thursday I went with my family to the Strasbourg Cathedral .
It 's huge and beautiful . I will show you a picture later .
And in the afternoon we went to the Center Parc , of the pool .
It 's big with many activities .
On Friday morning we did canoeing and paddle boating on the small river that ran along beside the center and in the evening we went to the restaurant .
The next day , me and my best friend went to play bowling and play billiards . while my parents took my sisters to ride a pony .
And in the afternoon , the centre organizes a lesson for agility dogs .
I did agility with my dog .
The lesson is not go very well , she was interested in other dogs and she was not listening .
At the end , the teacher asked me to do the exercise again .
And on Sunday morning we returned home because the weather was bad .
Are you one of those people who would like to go back to the past time ?
The Alhambra is a group of palaces , gardens and fortresses built by Muslims and occupied by them for over four centuries .
It was a citadel inside of Granada where the monarch of the Emirate of Granada and his court lived .
Its true atractiveness , in addition to the decoration which is in the summit of the Andalusian art , is also their location , which is unique .
You will be impressed by the stunning views which are considered by some people to be the best one of the world .
If you are lucky enough to visit this wonderful place in summer , I recommend you attend the Granada International festival of Music and Dance , which is celebrated in Genelalife 's gardens , where you can enjoy amazing artists and orquestras in an unrivalled setting .
In the final stage , the well - performed sheets are packed and distributed to each branches , while the broken ones are safety disposed of .
This is the whole process of how a bank note is made .
The most significant part of the
If it is not very well , we can destroyed them securly , however , a few sheets may be partially damaged , it does n't matter due to the fact that further seperation will assiste you to get the wrong sheets .
the sheets have been dealt with correctly .
Travelling by public transport is expensive and uncomfortable .
The trains and buses are not big enough .
There is not enough space for your legs and you often do not get a seat .
This will not be a problem if you travel only short distances , but on long journeys , that will be very uncomfortable .
There is the possibility to set up your seat .
There are no times when you have to be at the bus stop .
There is the risk that you would not get the connecting bus and , so , you are stressed .
In conclusion , travelling by car is the easiest and best way . I think that it is not possible to use public transport , because there are no buses or trains .
Maybe car sharing is an innovative alternative to public transport .
Many people use their car alone .
So they could spare their cars with other people .
There are many reasons cause the research is hardly going on .
As a result , there is the debate about whether educational institutes have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing a field of study in which they are unlikely to succeed .
In my opinion , I agree with the statement , with qualifications , by the following reasons .
Admittedly , some of the research need to invest in many resources that educational institutes can not afford .
However , if there is not a lack of the resource for the field of study , Educational institutes should support students for their study area .
Education 's greatest purpose is to encourage student to attempt and to learn from the fail .
Take Thomas Alva Edison , the inventor of the light bulb , for example .
He tried a lot of different materials to make a filament of the light bulb .
Once , people think he would not succeed .
In the course of the research , students will think about how to develop the process of the research and know which segment will cause the problem that making the research fail .
In addition , students , in the course of research , maybe create serendipity .
" You must do the thing you think you can not do . " ,
The invaluable thing is to turn the impossibility to a possibility .
Therefore , Educational institutes should encourage the student attempting the field which is unlikely to succeed .
Well , humans have become more and more sedimentary whith the pass of the time and forget about interaction and mevement .
Doing sport is not only for getting fitter , it is also something you need to do as a habit .
Nowadays , going to the gym is the new trend , but you do n't only have to do sport because it 's trendy .
I must admit , I 'll never be the best tennis player you 'll ever meet .
Apart of ovbiouslly having fun and socialice , the way you feel after running and burning feels really good .
Hi Anne ,
Thanks for your e - mail .
It is very exciting to hear you are coming to Latvia .
Personally , I think the best time to come is in the summer .
Because at this time we have a lot of interesting activities like concerts , festivals and so on .
If you want to meet young people , I suggest you stay in a youth hostel .
The first good thing is that they have a low cost and here you can meet students from all around the world .
In spite of the fact that the weather has to be warm in summer , you should bring with you not only light clothes , but also a jacket for rainy day .
Thanks also for your invitation to join the group .
I will be able to show you and your friends the most interesting places in my area .
Let me know when you are coming .
Warm regards
When I was in high school , I loved to go to different kinds of activities .
Quite often , I felt it difficult to balance both my study and my hobby at the same time .
I remember that I had a drama play which was held just a couple of weeks before my final exams .
As a result , one of my subjects failed because I did not have enough time to catch up on the lessons .
At that moment , I felt regretful and frustrated .
Firstly , to know what is a priority is essential for achieving success .
In the same way , Rowh ( 2006 ) points out that it is important to get controlled of our self .
In addition , not only putting things in order , but also well - organized planning are helpful to manage times .
As Academic skill Unit ( 2012 ) states , that a daily , weekly and semester planner can benefit for arranging our times ( P.22 ) .
In my case , I planned the activities into a proper time , because the planners clearly show me the outline in the near future .
More significantly , I understand that time - management and planning are crucial in academic life .
Football : The most incredible sport in the world
As we know , football or soccer is the sport king of the present .
It 's a great party and we can have real fun watching a football game even if it 's by television .
Do you want to know why it is the most enjoyable sport ?
When we watch a football game , everybody is expecting that at any time someone will score a goal or do some jink that gets us excited and that 's the magic of the football .
If you want to start practicising this sport , you have to get fit and run a lot because you have got to have a good physical condition to play because it is a very demanding sport .
The best thing about football is that you can practise a sport and you can socialise with other people that love that sport as much as you .
The aim of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in my town and make recommendations to try to encourage the tourists to visit the shops .
Alternatively , every Friday in the parking lot next to Tivoli World , there is a street market where you can find every kind of products , local products , food , CDs , DVDs , etc ....
I would recommend the tourist office to encouraged the variety of shops In Puerto Marina .
Dream walked towards me and said " do you know how to satisfy a lady .
I will teach you how to satisfy a lady tonight " .
She smiled and said " not so soon Dreamer , I will take a bath and freshen up first and then we will start " .
She smiled and said , " wait for some time . I will finish my body massage and then you can join " me .
I said that I will help you in applying oil . she said " do you know how to apply ? " .
Dear James
I completely agree with you , maybe each word you say .
My company is making redundancies and I am always worried about that .
The point is that I completely focus on my projects , soI spend ten hours every day making a tremendous effort with my budgets , trying to increase benefits and I am doing well .
I manage risky projects and , eventually , I get high revenues .
I often think what would happened if I would make all these effort on my own business ?
For this reason , I am reading your book and listening to your podcast .
I will keep reading and listening to you .
Best
Luis
Dear Jo ,
I am happy to know that you are coming to my country this summer to travel and work .
The place you must visit is the islands !
The islands in my country are clean and beautiful .
You can also go shopping at the modern buildings and watch the beautiful scenery from the high building .
As you know , my country is made up of different races , so there are many different traditional food in my country , so you can try different cuisins like banana leaf rice and hainanese chicken rice .
As for work , you can find a job at my cousin 's office because they are hiring people .
Yours sincerely ,
Yuki
My favourite film
When I am not doing my homework and am not learning English , I like watching a film .
There are many interesting films with valuable plots and famous actors .
They deserve to be in the top one hundred .
But , finally , I have decided to vote for one of them .
My favourite actor is Tom Cruise and , consequently , the best film I have ever seen was " Far away , far away " , where he plays the starring role with his ex - wife Nicole Kidman .
I was impressed by the production because of the its valuable plot .
The story is about the love between two young people , a poor man and a rich and beautiful lady , who leaves her family .
She wants to try a different way of life like the common girls .
Both , they pass through a lot of difficulties and lived a poor life .
Only the faster competitors was given the land .
I recommend you to watch this film and I think you will no regret it .
Most people in Bali rely too much toward their private vehicles , hence they have totally abandoned public transportation .
They say , " there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
I believe that we can do it here .
In order to do that , it will cost us a huge transformation .
Aside from a great blue - print of a well - organized transportation system , which covers a good 25 to 50 years ' planning , it also involves local culture .
A conscience that a change is needed to create a better place for people to live in should arise first .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling in a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to have each two to four of them trap in a car , in other words , one massive transportation measure against twelve or more cars on the same road .
Imagine the energy that we can keep and the pollution that we can stop .
The world is constantly changing and technology is advancing fast .
This affects people 's lives considerably , so we can say that in 50 years , the lifestyle will be completely different to what we have today .
We can say that 50 years ago we had not thought of to have technology that currently exists , such as the Internet , TV , smartphones , etc .
Also , the lifestyle was completely different , the industry had not developed technology that now allows you to be more efficient and several people did the work that now can be done with a few of them .
So , if technology continues to advance as it has done until now , our lifestyle will change too .
Perhaps in 50 years more , we will live in a world where technology makes our life much easier , but at the same time , we will be depending on it .
Dear Jo ,
As you asked for my advice , I would suggest to get a job in the summer because you said you would only want to work for about three months .
I would recommend a job as a waitress because you do n't need much experience , and I know you do n't have any , and if you get a job in the summer as a result , you 'll be at the beach most of the time and you can spend the rest of the year visiting other places .
The place where I enjoyed myself the most was " the Bran Castle " , also known as Dracula 's castle .
It 's one of the most beautiful castels , in my opinion , and it represents the most important thing this countrey is known for , and that is Dracula .
The reason he used to kill people was because they did n't respect the laws .
The biggest one in the countrey is in the cty where I live , threfore you 'll have a place to stay , and for free .
Andreea
The second is a pragmatic reason . I have a five year degree and I worked for two years in a medical devices company but now I am unemployed .
In Italy , it is quite hard to find a job at the moment and I want to try a work experience in the UK , but it is necessary to become more confident with my English and that is what I hope to obtain from the IELTS course .
I already know that it could be tough , especially to be far from my family and my girlfriend , but it is something that I feel could be right for me , and for my career .
Public transport is a common means of transport used in many countries ; Usually to transport people in mass from one location to another ;
However , as the countries develop and the economy grows and life change , people change and standards of life change too ; The interaction factors that lead people to have their own a car is depending on and limiting on several factors ; There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead to travel by public bus / train ; We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving an opportunity to people to opt and to travel on their own car or on public transport ; In some countries , there are separate lanes dedicated for public transport which help and facilitate the traffic on condition of heavy traffic ; With traffic technology solution , owning a car is always better .
another factor we should consider is the public transport stops on the way to destination , which require to plan and catch up public transport to avoid late arrival at your destination .
The subject , no future for public transport is ambiguous as the advantages and disadvantages are both consider on .
First at all , I want to explain the communication with the town ; a lot of people came by train , it is situated at the top of the town , is the best way to travel to yours because it is the most quickly , but proving that you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
There are many shops around the town , for example , we have one that where children can make teddy bears whereas the parents can see them from the restaurant ; many children said that it was the best place in the world .
For adults , we have a little old museum , where you can live one day like sixty years ago , so If you never have been in one , you should go , because it is not cost so much , besides , the museum has a kinder garden for the kids .
Apart from that , the town is near the beach , and there we have many restaurants where you can eat while you are watching the waves on the sea .
Our personal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " . It is a muddy hotel because many years ago it had been a castle , as well you can sleep in the king 's bed and every night it has theatre , where you can take a part in a play .
Dear Sir / Madam :
As you can see in the attached CV , I have experience working with children of different ages .
During three years , I babisitted my neighbor 's two daughters .
When I started , they were of 3 and 6 years old and I loved to prepare crafts to do with them and usually I had to give them dinner .
In addition , for the last three years , I have been as voluntary in my tennis club , where I have developed different skills to organize activities , sports games and competitions for children from 6 to 14 years old .
I am an energetic , positive and outgoing person .
Working with children , I have learned to be more patient and , moreover , I am able to motivating them to do the best of themselves .
Also , I have gained communicational skills through speaking with the children and the families .
In order to work in the kitchen , I am a really good cook and I used to help my parents every weekend .
Without doubts , I am the person you are looking for and it is a job that I would be very excited to have .
I look forward to hearing from you ,
Susana .
Public transport is a useful way to commute from place to place , especially in big cities .
Besides its advantages , which are that it are cheap and fast , there are many disadvantages of taking a bus or train , such as time , quality of serving , and crowdedness .
it is said that , instead of taking public transport , commuters will travel by car because of its convenience . in my opinion ,
First of all , Public transport is used by many people who do not have cars , like students and workers . They can afford to buy tickets .
For example , during my student time , I used to take busses to go to school every day and come back home .
Traffic jams always happen in the rush hours , when there are so many cars on the road .
It has been affecting to the environment , like climate change , increasing droughts , and flooding areas thanks to increasing the demands of using petrol for private cars .
Introduction
Currently , the local modes of transport available are buses and taxis .
Buses in need of repair
Most of them do n't have air conditioning , meaning that in the summer they are tremendously hot , and some have problems with the windows that cause the bus to be extremely cold in winter .
The alternative - Taxis
For the average middle - aged person , the logical option is to use a taxi .
Taxis are available throughout the city , and can be called by a simple phone message .
Recommendation
Another option would be to create a system to rent bicycles ; this has been done in many cities with great results .
Hi David ,
I love this place so much !
I 'll recommend them lots of jewels that could be interesting for them for sure .
Anyway , they must visit our main square , with many historical buildings .
There is a huge number of shops in the centre , so what about doing shopping ? Sightseeing in this town is for tourists very convenient because they can reach everything on foot .
It 's the biggest hill , where you can go on the lookout tower and it 's not far from České Budějovice .
There is an interesting observatory too , and what 's more , the best restaurant I have ever been in .
They must definitely order the best soup in the world .
The best way to get there is by car .
Český Krumlov is worth seeing as well .
You can take a bus there .
If you want to know more about the destination , just write me a message or give me a call .
All the best , Ivana
The statement given in the rubric proposes an issue of the future of pulic transport in developed countries .
Modern megapolises are suffering from a surplus of automobiles .
It happens not only because of environmental aspect , but mental aspects as well .
Thus , it is absolutely possible wish of the average person , who spends most of the time in downtown , to replace a car for a bus or an underground train .
The main reason is general fatigue from the huge number of vehicles around .
Whatever type of journey you took , you would be more likely to prefer using a train or plane , because it would be much more convenient and would not demand any physical tension .
Overall , there are a number of causes to disagree with the suggestion , that individual transport is getting more and more popular in comparison with public transport .
The only thing , that definitely should be changed in the future , is an approach to the usage of cars powered by gasoline .
The staff is charming , helpful and pleasant as well .
However , it might be that you had to wait a while for your food to be served , but it 's worth it .
The sashimi of salmon is my favourite one .
I have to mention the soups , especially the seafood soup .
Delicious !
A negative point of the restaurant , in my view , is the lack of a dessert menu .
Reflective Writing
I have done to take responsibility for my own learning .
Independent learning has become an indispensable part of finishing tertiary - level education successfully .
Compared with EAP course , it tend to be taken responsibility for finishing assessments independently , especially for academic writing .
Firstly , it was too difficult for me to hand in assessments on time , because I used to spend too much time on playing games without teachers ' supervision , so that I always did not have enough time for finishing academic assignments independently .
In this sense , the term , " time management " means the ability of controlling time on prioritizing tasks , and planning the effective scheduling of time to balance study and work , and keeping concentration on motivating yourself to learning towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Rowh ( 2006 ) states that you will stay up late for accomplishing assessments before the deadline is due without planning in advance .
Based on examining my actual experience and research , I noticed that a gap , unsuccessful time management in independent learning , is the root cause of these problems .
Then I made a few conscious changes that I began to manage the duration for finishing my homework ahead of some weeks , as well as stopping procrastinating in the most important areas of my life .
As an independent learner , it is my sole responsibility to autonomic learning , which is a very important factor in future for passing EAP1 successfully , as well as giving me an advantage in terms of coping with the challenges of my future Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
Moreover , there are many things to see and do here .
They spent five centuries here .
Therefore , it is a multicultural and multirracial society .
The most important palace is Jorge 's palace .
Jorge was a kind , who won an important battle against the Arabs .
To sum up , if I have to recommend a place , I will recommend Cáceres .
For several reasons .
In the first place , the people are really fun and friendly .
In the third place , this year , Cáceres is the capital of the gastronomy in Spain .
Some people do n't like this food , but in this restaurant you can eat other types of food , for example , Spanish food and Mexican food .
The atmosphere in this restaurant is very good and it 's very clean .
This restaurant is very big , so we would n't have a problem .
The Waitress and waiters are very friendly and funny .
This restaurant is buffet style , we paid 15€/person and we can eat and drink all that you want .
From my point of view , this restaurant have one drawback , the waiters and waitress do n't go on the table , you should go to get your food and drink .
In this set of materials , the listening passage discusses the advantages of alcohol and how they contribute to improve health , and personality , and the reading contradict this by revealing the down side of it .
In the listening passage , the professor discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it helps to reduce heart attacks and strokes by 40 percent , due to the fact that it reduce blood clot , and slowing down the deterioration of brain function .
In addition , moderate drinking helps to keep healthy movement , because some researches has shown that people who drink moderately have a less proportion of body fat , because alcohol speed up the metabolism , which makes calories burn quickly .
Moreover , it is stated that people who drink moderately have positive social behavior , which means that they are more likely to establish contact than non - drinker , and they are more social , popular and they are more likely to be married .
On the other hand , the reading contrast with this by mentioning the disadvantages of alcohol .
Firstly , it is stated that alcohol lead to weight gain , because it has more calories per gram than any other drink , and it is mentioned in the passage that you need to walk a mile to lose the calories of a glass of wine .
Furthermore , studies have shown that alcohol induce the appetite , which makes people consume more than they need .
For example , researchers have found that belly fat is related to alcohol .
Second , alcohol can cause some serious health issues , especially cirrhosis of the liver , heart failure , brain damage and a variety of cancers .
In fact , studies shows that 86 percent of all homicides and 60 percent of sexual assaults , are linked to alcohol .
Firstly , there is a benefit of globalization that people can buy some special products from various countries on the internet instead of buying in the production site .
So transportation of goods has become an important link for both the public and businesses .
In recent years , there are some different size of logistic companies have been hold , and different modes of transportation has developed rapidly .
For example , in the past , the main modes of transportations were ships , trains and trucks , so people had to wait a long time for their parcels and letters .
However , now , the increasing number of consumers and logistic companies has chosen airplanes , which can save much time to transport their parcels .
The reason is that the development of globalization has let our country improve its economy .
However , because of the increasing standard of living , a growing number of people have chosen to travel , which has brought a heavy pressure of transportation .
So in order to transport a huge number of visitors who are not only foreigners but also native people , the government and experts have to think of some different ways to solve this problem .
For example , some cities like Beijing and Hangzhou have to limit the number of cars which come for traveling to decrease the pressure of transportation in sight spots and city centre .
So in my opinion , people need to find the right ways to let globalization push the standard of our living whereas discussing its advantages and disadvantages .
Bra really takes care of the environment .
If you visit it , you will probably appreciate all the innovations applied to save our environment .
For example , all the members of the town council use bikes , so they are a good example to all citizens .
So , if you want a bike , to move easily , you have to make a card which allow you the access to all bikes situated in specified places in the city .
In my town , cars do n't pollute .
They have green engines .
These engines use bio fuels , so the environment is not affected .
I am really proud of my city because there are few .
I think if we want to protect our environment , we should starting from the little things .
Nowadays it 's very important to be bilingual .
Speaking just your native language is not enough to work or to travel .
Moreover , If you want to find a good job , you must be able to speaking two or three language without any problem .
My native language is Catalan because I 'm from Valencia .
Also I know Spanish and , besides , I 'm learning English right now .
I 'm living in Worcester , one city from England .
I 'm an au pair .
The last year , I was in Poland and I could see how was important to speak English , with this idiom , you can communicate with other people , no just English people if not with all people around the world .
When I was a child I did n't understand why I needed to learn English , but now I can see how important it is , for this reason , I 'm motivated to learn .
On the other hand , I love travelling and in case that you know several language all will be easier .
you could enjoy yourself a lot and learn more about different cultures .
On the contrary , to learn a language take a long time and you need to be patient .
Moreover , the languages courses can be expensive . In my opinion , the best thing that you can do is move into other country . It would be easier to stay motivated because you need to learn it to find a job or to make friends .
As far as I can see , it 's important to know languages , no just your mother language .
I encourage everybody to learn languages .
It could be nice and give you more opportunity to do whatever you want . And do n't lose heart , at the beginning it could be difficult but , bit by bit , you will see your progress .
With a thousand years of built and fight for the liberty of our nation , we can be proud of our history .
Vietnam is a small country but it had defeated two big nations which wanted to turn Vietnam into their colony .
With strong patriotism , the Vietnameses nowadays are trying to develop the nation , to get in the globalization progress .
However , as a resident of the country , we can not forget about the history and about our ancestors ' services rendered to the nation as well as our culture and ideology .
As a reward for their efforts .
We can mention many places , such as Sword Lake , Hỏa Lò prison , the Temple of Literature ...
Today , I will mention about one of the iconic places of Vietnam which you can not miss when you travel to Vietnam .
It is the Temple of Literature , the first university of the nation .
The Temple of Literature was built in 1070 , under the Ly 's dynasty .
In spite of wars and the destruction of time , the Temple of Literature is still preserved in good shape until now .
We can still see many ancient structures which show the main trend of architecture at that time .
He built up a system which was based on 4 essential relationships in the society .
We can briefly describe the overall structure of the Temper of Literature , which consists of six parts .
Firstly , there were 3 main gates , the center one only for the king , the left side one was for administrators , the right site one was for the military .
Scholars only could enter by a small gate from the aside .
Then there are five courtyards from the first one to the fifth one from outside to inside .
One remarkable , featured point about Temple of Literature is that the people who passed 4 rounds of examination , then gained position titles would be graved their names on the stone grave carried on stone turtles .
Right at the moment of entering , you can see them from two sides of the courtyards .
The Temple of Literature is a hollow place for students even now .
The Temple or Literature ( or Imperial Academy ) can be seen as the most featured historical place in Vietnam .
It contains not only the history but also the culture , customs , also it is the first official institute which you can not miss out .
I do a lot of sports , for example : cycling , karting , football and basketball but my favourite sport is swimming because I have done this sport since 1995 with my grandfather .
You can do different sports on the pool , for example : swimming , water aerobics , Olympic diving or diving .
Besides , you can have a could shower after and before that you do swimming , this is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water of the pool and if you get into the pool very fast you can have a problem with your body temperature .
Topic : Mt . Fuji
In Japan , there are many interesting places to visit .
For example , Kyoto is a popular place to visit because it has a lot of invaluable temples .
Sapporo is an attractive place because the raw fish and vegetables are fresh and nice to eat .
Among these places , Mt .
Fuji is the most wonderful place in Japan . Because its scenery is so beautiful , it is a popular place and it offers several exciting activities .
The first reason is Mt .
Fuji has very beautiful scenery .
For instance , in winter , Mt .
The white Mt .
Fuji is very beautiful , so it has been the subject of countless works of art , such as the ' Thirty - six Views of Mt. Fuji ' , a series of " ukiyo - e " paintings by Hokusai .
Also , in summer , almost all the snow on Mt Fuji melts and it changes to brown and green colors .
At a summer sunset , Mt .
Fuji is so majestic that many pictures and paintings have been done of Mt .
Fuji at sunset .
Depending on the season , Mt .
Fuji makes various beautiful sights and it always fascinates many people .
The second reason is that Mt .
Fuji is a popular mountain .
A lot of travelers and climbers come to climb the mountain and more than 200,000 people climb to the top of Mt .
Fuji in a year .
In addition , many cameramen and painters come to record the beautiful landscape of Mt .
Fuji .
Also , many observers of weather , stars or space come here , since this is an important place to observe weather , stars and space .
The last reason is that Mt .
Fuji offers several exciting leisure activities .
Climbing to the top of Mt .
Fuji is allowed in late July and August .
Fuji .
This marathon is very hard due to severe conditions of low oxygen and a steep slope , so people who are proud of having a strong body try this marathon .
Furthermore , around Mt .
Fuji , there are five beautiful lakes and many hot springs .
Japan has a lot of good places for relaxing , but the best place is Mt .
Fuji .
Mt .
Fuji has beautiful scenery , it is popular and it offers exciting activities for people .
Mt .
Story
The doorbell ran .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise , as there was nobody standing .
NO one at all .
I could only feel a hot , smelly stream of wind . '
There must have been a naughty child ' , I thought , without worrying .
Later on the week , I was doing the dishes when the kitchen door suddenly opened for no reason however I felt the same hot wind in my face and smelled the same funny smell .
That was when I first started to believe that something wrong was happening at home .
The next time it happened to me such a thing I felt no wind but smelled this particular stink .
It was as if somebody was cooking some cauliflower .
At that time , I was unemployed , so I was n't able to move house and as I was n't afraid of it I had to put up with those strange events .
So , I decided not to pay any attention to it and to carry on with my normal life .
Now I have to admit that I have a problem . I am sharing my home with a ghost or two , but I do n't mind as long as he or she leaves me alone .
My name is Cristina and I am 19 years old . I think I am the suitable person because I have been working with children for quite a long time .
My parents both have been working since I was 12 , so I had to take care of my little sister , who is four years younger than me .
For this reason , I have been doing three courses during this year .
These are quite interesting and have helped me to know deeper children 's pleasures .
I have learnt a lot of activities which let them have fun at the same time as they get in touch with nature .
I am able to cook some delicious dishes too .
I have to practise more , but I think I am qualified enough to do this activity .
I am available all summer , so I could start to work whenever you would need me to .
Good afternoon .
This month , on the 9'th I 'm going to have an oral and writing examination on my English language knowledge .
The English language is a foreign language for me , but I have studied it for ten years and hopefully I will manage to pass the exam .
I have three more days to prepare myself better , but to be honest , I 'm not in the mood of studying .
I 'm going to travel all the way to the capital of my country , approximately three hundred and fifty kilometres .
I called a girl who is a colleague of mine from another airport .
In fact , she will also participate in the exam .
Hopefully , I will pass the exam and will attend the English course for a month .
Afterwards , I will have the right to take part to the intarnational missions for maintaining the peace under the patronage of the European Union .
I am writing in regard to the environmental problem you are researching .
First of all , I am going to present to you some general information about the environment in our village .
- Our village has only 200 citizens , therefore the amount of rubbish produced in a year is insignificant to the environment in our area .
- 60 percent of the houses in the village have solar panels .
- There are separate rubbish bins for plastics , metal and glass in the whole area .
In conclusion , I would say that our village is an example for an environmentally conscious city .
Kalina Yevtushenkova .
Report : How Budapest takes care of its environment ?
In the new buildings , there are usually dustbins for each type of material ( glass , plastic , etc . ) , and around the older buildings there are more and more separate dustbins .
And it is a serious problem , because in the not so distant future , we wo n't be able the handle the garbage - it wo n't be enough space where we could deposit that .
In that area , Budapest accomplishes very awful .
Naturally , it 's mainly depends on us : if we could put our garbage into the dustbin , instead of letting it on the streets , it would be easier to keep it clean .
However , it would n't be impossible to collect the rubbish and clean the streets more often - it 's just a matter of organisation .
Since yoga entered my life , I try to change my common view of many things .
My lifestyle is among them .
The ecological situation is seriously bad , not only in my city , but in my country in general .
Rubbish recycle is the biggest problem in Kyyiv , in my opinion .
What a smell !
But people mostly do n't care about it .
We keep on generating rubbish and using harmful things .
Not to mention diapers and sanitary towels , paper napkins and many other things .
Unfortunately , we do n't separate rubbish .
Can you imagine why ?
Because recycling is hardly developed here , in Ukraine .
For a very long time I 've been doing my best to separate rubbish , and then , it was a really bright summer morning , I saw that the special yellow bin for paper and glass was emtied by the same car with the other rubbish ...
Once again , there 's only one bin for every group of rubbish .
First of all , I have provided experience working with children in that range of age .
I have taken courses about First Aid Kit and even I am doing a course as a personnel training for children with some delay and disability .
Secondly , I have been working in a restaurant for more than five years .
Starting there , beginning as a dishwasher , being promoted until I got the main position as a Chef .
I have been learning English for 8 years and after that I sat for the FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I pass the exam , I start preparing for a cetificate advance in English exam so that even more I could demonstrate my English skill , both writing and spoken .
I have further professional and personal references .
I will be waiting for your reply .
Yours faithfully ,
DANTE LOZANO .
Although it is true that shopping might not be a very interesting topic , it must be stated that it is necessary .
There are many different kinds of shopping : e.g. clothes , groceries , furniture , instruments , etc .
It all depends on what you are about to buy .
When it comes to clothes , there are also different kinds of people , the ones who do it for necessity and the ones who do it for joy .
Groceries and furniture , as well as instruments , follow the same pattern .
In last place , it is undoubtedly influenced by the place in which you are buying ( i.e. the room , the organization , the prices , the distance , etc ) and the unknown people who are in it , which may cause trouble or facilitate your shopping and make it more enjoyable .
In order for it to happen , a range of different variables have to take place .
Owning a motorbike has advantages .
In addition , as it is smaller than a car , parking becomes much less complicated .
Besides , for the same reason , it is easier to avoid traffic jams .
On the other hand , motorbikes do also have drawbacks .
Another disadvantage this kind of vehicle has is the low number of passengers who can travel on a motorbike . Consequently , not everybody finds it convenient or comfortable owning one .
In conclusion , owning a motorbike can be useful or useless depending on the lifestyle you have , your economic status , and the number of people you need to travel with .
Have you ever been in trouble , which type of transport you should take ?
I was , too !
Let 's imagine : you can choose between plane , train and boat .
We can take a trip by boat .
In that case , it indicates that my favourite way to travel is by train !
For me , it has some very important advantages , like that you do n't stand in traffics , there are reductions for students , low risk of accidents , potentiality of sleeping , eventuality of travelling with a bike or other big luggage .
Most railway lines are quite spruce and , for me , travelling by train is a pleasure !
In my opinion , everything depending on our preferences , but the train is a general - purpose means of transport , I recommend it !
My favorite sport is badminton , which I have played for seven years and I touched this sport when I was in junior high .
At first , I 'm not interested in it , since I did n't have any idea how to play , as I had only played basketball and volleyball , however , I did n't enjoy these two at all .
Moreover , I also did n't like to do exercise which was tired and my strength was extremely weak so that every time when measure 800 kilometers , I always ranked in the last three .
When hitting the ball back successfully , he would say ' ' good , keep going " or " you did it '' .
Hitting the ball again and again , I learned I loved badminton unconsciously , which not only includes running , but also concentrating .
Badminton is an easy sport that everyone can try , just focus on the ball and hit it back .
In addition , before playing , you must warm up your body and relax your muscle after playing in case you suffered injuries .
Attn . : Mrs Kate Ashby
Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am writing to apply for a chance to work at weekends in your cafe as advertised .
I am now a housewife .
Cooking for my family is one of my hobbies , and I am therefore fond of finding different kinds of food .
Last but not least , I am willing to work for long hours if required .
I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Your consideration and acceptance of my application will be much appreciated .
Yours sincerely ,
Tong Sun Ku
The world where we live now is more suitable for young people , as many could say and prove , even though , in some countries , older people can have a decent life without depending on young people .
But , unfortunately , the new gadgets can be very difficult to manage or master , especially for the part of the population who did not learn about them while they were children or students at the university ( older people ) .
On the other hand , to someone who did not have these when they were more young and more active , such as grandmothers and grandfathers , the new instruments are just things that they can not use nor understand .
The older people are limited in their abilities to use technology that could be valuable to provide enjoyable times at home , on the street , in a museum , etc .
Since last century , the world population is more present in the bigger cities , which , as a result , have been increasing in size and in problems .
The urbanization implemented by government across the decades in the cities are sometimes not suitable for all members of the public .
The mobility of older people is certainly reduced if compared with a younger person .
In this case , they do not have the possibility to go out and enjoy the benefits that cities may bring to their lives .
The Active Leisure Club
Introduction
The aim of this report is to give my opinion about the facilities and services of the Active Leisure Clubs .
Facilities
In general , the facilities are well preserved but the majority of the users think that the installation should have an improvement in the baskteball and tennis courts and maybe the bathroom should be remodelled .
Advantages
The Club is located in the city centre and it 's very clean .
In other words , I could say that is the best Club I know .
The activities are expensive .
Recommendations
It 's recommend that you improving the facilities , falling in the price and opening every day until 10.00 p.m.
Since the car was invented , we have been seeing a large increase of cars ' production and of its use .
In the early days , the public transport system was n't very efficient , as it was in its beginning .
Nowadays , they got modern and comfortable and they are n't as late as they used to be .
Travelling by car might be more pleasant , but it can also be costly , for fuel can be very expensive , depending on the current economy .
With regards to traffic , travelling by public transport can also be quicker , as there is a bus lane and no traffic for the tube .
However , over the past years , people have been travelling mostly by car , which seems to have led to higher levels of air pollution .
This is undoubtedly an important environmental issue that should definitely have our attention .
In spite of all the campaigns aiming to the less use of the car but more of the public transport , people still seem to prefer to travel by car .
Celebrities and their life take intrinsic place in the lifes of contemporary people .
The process of becoming this fact real and common in our society began about 100 years ago , and what is really absorbing , nearly 95 percent of people in advanced society can not imagine the world without any kind of information about famous people and their existence at all .
Probably , if you hear about heroic attitude you will be able to do , without doubts something magnificent as well .
In this way , I think that it is good to look up to some celebrities who are righteous .
If something is n't catchy , it will not catch the poeple attention .
To sum up , I believe that it is really important to strike a balance and keep it during your whole life .
Of course , you can look up to the celebrities but you have to be aware of the consequences .
Each kind of guiding light help us , but the most important thing is to choose the right and accurate person .
INTRODUCTION
It is one of the best places in our town where teenagers can develop their artistic skills .
GOOD POINTS
The school provides lots of different activities for those who are interested in music , drawing , dance and theatre .
More than that , all the classes are free .
The atmosphere at school is very creative .
During the whole school year , a great number of exhibitions , concerts and performances are given by pupils themselves and by invited musicians and artists as well .
BAD POINTS
The worst thing about the school is that not everyone can be accepted to study there .
Children have to take an entrance examination .
CONCLUSION
It is definitely worthwhile to study there , although it is advised to let students choose the activities they prefer .
The phenomenon of homeless people became a serious problem and many countries can not solve this problem .
First of all , being without a home is a horrible problem .
One of the major reasons for this problem is wars , especially in the Arab countries like Syria , Libya and Yemen .
Everyday on the news We see the refugees who are living in a miserable condition .
They do not have enough food .
After a while , the people who are laid off will not have enough money to live , and they will become homeless people .
Cases of divorce are increasing and many children escape and prefer to live in the street instead of in a home full of problems .
As opposed to the idea above , some people believe that homeless people are criminals and they cause danger on our society because they need money and food so they can steal or kill for this .
To conclude , the world has a complicated issue , so The governments and the charitable organization must take a quick decision and put in place a real solution to solve this problem .
Just pull yourself together , Tom !
There is a four hundred metre distance and ten barriers ahead - that 's where you 'll show what you have got .
I wo n't lose , not this time .
I look around tribunes : there are n't so many people , despite the fact that today an Australian Hurdle Champion of the season will be defined .
Although whom am I deceiving ... - I 'm thinking and nervously stretching out my stiff neck .
Everyone 's nervous except for Jerome Tanny , last years champion , famous for his threatening prestart grin , that we all call the " Shark 's Smile " .
I know that my old man , Navarro , is the one to have sweaty hands now !
Even from here , I can see his anxious look and the way he 's fidgeting on a bench .
That 's strange , but before the start my thoughts are as if an old steam locomotive are going to those depths of memory which are really hard to get to in ordinary life .
Thousands of acres of forests to be destroyed , letting the climate change .
Thus , the winter becomes colder , and the summer becomes hotter .
The change of climate leads to a lot of terrible things to breaking out .
Secondly , governments should teach their people how to protect the environment , such as making them aware that destroying the farmland too much is a bad choice .
Yesterday , I was asked to write an article about my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is running .
Yes just running .
They would just do it if they have to .
But I enjoy myself so much doing this sport , even if it 's just running around .
Running keeps you fit in two ways , as you get your body and you mind active and healthy .
Moreover , your brain gets oxygen and your body gets movement .
I do n't mind that everyone complains about how awful running is .
Dear camp director ,
I have 6 youngest brothers , 4 girls and 2 boys , and everytime my parents go out for a job interview , dinner , to the movies , etc . ,
I always stay home and take care of them , I invent games for them to have fun and they also can learn with them , sometimes I take them to the sports club I work on , I 'm a swimming teacher and on my freetimes on the afternoon , I 'm with them in the pool having fun , playing and teaching them to swim .
Paulina
What game are you playing ?
We should meet online to play together .
Do you know " Steam " ?
It is a great online shop where you can save a lot of money .
In fact , you probably spend more money than you save , because you will want to buy all their whole catalogue .
Regarding your question , I am playing " Trine 2 " since last week .
I recommend it to you .
Faithfully yours .
But I am going to tell you about it .
Let 's get started with the basics .
Your position .
You need to use your muscles in your stomach to stay in the right position .
Another thing that is important is the angle .
A turn starts with your toes , and then your knees and then your hips .
When you start training in course you need to think about were you turn .
You should do the turn before the stick so you can start the next turn right after you pass the stick .
The wind blowing in your hair , the speed and that you have control of what is happening .
It is also fun because you can notice that you are getting better all the time .
Personal experiences
In the first place I will tell you who are the most important people in my life .
He led me through the branch of life and taught me to know how is the best way to follow .
He is always on my mind , even though he is not physically present .
My mother always helps me to choose the best option too .
I must be honest and I have to comment about another no less important people for me , as such my best friend .
His name is Pepe .
He is always with me even in the worst moment .
I still remember when I failed my last exam , although I passed it later .
He never left me alone .
We often go out together to the cinema , have a walk , do the shopping , meet our friends , etc .
We both enjoy being with a few close friends .
In our modern life money has always been presented as something really important .
This should be enough to make feel you happy like a comfortable blanket does .
At this moment you need money to acquire the necessary things to build an happy life .
Without enough money you will not be able to be in good shape to work .
Also , if you get enough , you will be able to acquire your own home to see your future family growing inside it .
One say that having money to buy the latest gadget makes feel you happy .
In conclusion , I 'm pretty sure that you do n't need much money to be happy .
They appeared first in Blink , one of the Doctor Who episodes .
After Blink was broadcasted , it raised common fears about statues to tele - viewers in Britain and all over the world .
These results are interesting because Weeping Angels are not the old adversaries of the Doctor , like the Daleks , exterminating all organic and inorganic things in the whole universe , or the Cybermen , transforming all living things into cyborg .
Then , what makes the Weeping Angels frightening ?
To figure out the factors , an uncanny theory is used .
This uncanny theory explains an uncomfortable sensation originated from perceiving something familiar as unfamiliar .
In Blink , the Weeping angels ' uncanny traits and awkward backgrounds in the drama make the audience have a scary and unfamiliar sensation .
And the expressions in their eyes are completely lacklustre , due to the deficiency of pupil .
These factors make angels more like grotesque psycho - pass assassin .
By the way , the exterior traits of Weeping Angels are not enough to make people scared .
But when it comes to their interior factor , the uncanny feelings are maximised by turning an unconscious physiological reaction into a conscious one .
Then , strangely , blinking our eyes becomes a conscious behaviour .
Moreover , there are good scene settings to make people not blink by immersing the audience in that situation .
In several scenes , Weeping Angels , the lonely assassins , never shift their positions and postures , even though the protagonists and supporting players blink , look away or turn their backs .
Why do they not move , even if their prey is near ?
To change the pose of the horrific statues technically , directors hide the angels by actors closing and opening the door or conceal the angels behind the actors through panning cameras horizontally , for a moment .
At last , directors fade out the scenes by flicking out the light bulb in the basement for maximizing the threat of the Weeping Angels !
After Sally , the heroine of Blink , takes the TARDIS key away from the Weeping Angels in the deserted house , they shadow her quietly , as if they might be laid there for a long time .
Consequently , it makes the audience unfamiliar with their circumstances .
Then tele - viewers are terrified at the basis of their livelihoods and people grab up blankets tight !
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
Her family was very proud of her .
She was the first of her siblings to follow that path .
That was a great responsibility for her , as well as bringing great prestige .
Moreover , her field of studies was medicine , which was her dream .
Her grandfather , the first doctor in the family , was her authority .
The greatest wish of her life was to work alongside him in the hospital .
From now on , Anna would have to direct her attention to making her grandfather proud of her degrees .
She intended to prove that medicine is a suitable field of study for her .
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
It seems that the most popular sport in the whole world is football because it keep all people united , so that is why I love this sport and not only because of that , but it makes me feel very excited and it involves a lot of emotion as well then . Do you enjoy watching or playing football ?
Surprisingly , when you are practicing this sport you improve your velocity and coordination too , so it could be an interesting point to taking it up if you are not involved in it .
Personally , what I can say is that practicing this sports make me feel strongly lively and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it , especially during the world cup .
Curiously , there are many ways for taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport , so what I advise you to do is to do some exercise before you go in the pitch , so it not only prevent you to suffer from spraid or other kind of injuries , but maintain you active to keep your game level .
I am encouraging to those people who do not like practicing sport that it is the best way to maintain your own health .
In Japan , there are many rules that are set in the Sento .
Japanese , as pointed out by Trompenaars ( cited in Morrison , 2006 ) , is highly influenced by the values of universalism .
The main reason for Japanese people that they always follow the rules is to respect and a hope not to cause any confusion to other users .
Also , Japanese people think highly of the enjoyment of bathing in a clean environment .
As a result , in Australia , conflicts may be caused due to the high level of indulgence and individualism in Australian culture ( Hofstede 1994 ) , people may usually emphasize in their self - satisfaction and think of themselves first , instead of the public .
They may not consider the public interest and not give precedence to other users .
Consequently , the bathing pool may face the hygienic problems , such as someone does not wash before bathing , and scrambling issues .
In order to achieve cost efficiency , the choice of locations and decor must be thoroughly considered .
A location , whether it has a sufficient quantity of water or not , is the essential consideration .
Rental cost is also a limitation , as it is relatively higher in Australia .
Dear John ,
I am writing to recommend a place you should definitely visit while you 're in Poland .
The place I 'm writing about is Wawel Royal Castle in Cracow .
It is not only one of the most important monuments in the whole country , but also a beautiful place to visit .
It 's a huge , breath - taking complex of historical buildings and royal gardens .
The place is fascinating , because it is loaded with history and it 's nice to spend a day and relax in the royal gardens .
I also recommend going to the vaults under the cathedral , where since the 16th century , many kings and famous Polish people have had their graves .
It is well known in the whole of Europe and many foreigners are coming to Poland just to see the Cracow city and , among other things , the Wawel Castle .
I also thoroughly recommend Cracow in general as a place to visit , because it is beautiful , full of other worth - seeing monuments , cute small cafes , a various choice of restaurants and vivid hotels with great views on the riverside .
Yours faithfully
Also , the adoption of bicycles and walking , for instance , seems to be a responsible attitude to the planet .
Moreover , life may not be possible for the future generations , unless we start from now using renewable sources of energy , like green , to promote sustainability and improve energy efficiency , avoiding side effects to the planet .
To conclude , I firmly believe that we can reduce the damages and global warming by adopting environmentally friendly attitudes , as the use of green and clean energy sources .
I planned a mock test about the course followed by the students as homework ( they have been spending about two weeks studying the course ) .
Students do the check ( tablet or notebook , software ) .
The teacher asks the students to report about the check results .
Students log in the website
The teacher asks if there are any problems
Students do the test
At the end of the test , the teacher shows the results ( correct answers percentage for each student ) .
Students interact with the teacher during the revision .
As you enter the place you are welcomed by a very natural setting .
Sitting in any table , you have a wonderful view of the sea .
The menu offers a wide variety of mouth - watering starters : it is famous for its oysters .
The main course may consist of a risotto with fish , which can be really thrilling .
All this can be accompanied by different selections of white wines .
In addition to it the service well accompanies the high quality of the cooking .
Despite the high price of the food , I had a pleasant dining experience .
This is the reason why I highly recommend going to the Astoux restaurant .
The room was full of things that day .
His brother Paul had been searching for something in his bedroom and it seemed to be a completely mess .
Suddenly , Michael saw his brother crying and he asked him . why " where is my playstation ? ? " . said Paul , inconsolably , and he run to the kitchen .
Michael thought .
When both of them started to search for clues around the house , they did n't found out anything interesting , but after a while , they had seen several pawprints and , in that moment , Michael remembered a fact : He had been forgotten his dog inside the house , but the puppy had disappeared !
Obviously , he knew their dog Spooky had been in Paul 's bedroom and taken his playstation .
As they were looking for it in the garden , they realised the console was near a tree .
Surprisingly , Spooky turned up and escaped with some keys in his mouth , but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
First of all , they are supposed to be desighed with great care and many considerations , such as the background colour , artwork and security issues , all of which are crucial for bank notes .
Secondly , skilled machinists will make preparations for the metal plates that are one of the most vital ways to ensure the quality of bank notes .
Thirdly , sheets of bank notes will be printed with colour on both sides , usually 50 bank notes per sheet .
In this step , special ink will be used for the images , which are slightly raised on the notes .
Printed sheets will be manually inspected .
There are two ways for these notes after this step .
On the other hand , if they are bad sheets or in bad condition , they will be disposed of securely .
Dear Daniel ,
How have you been ?
Now that we have a wonderful idea , I thought you would want to hear about it .
I know how much you care about animals and love them , especially dogs .
The problem is that there are lots of stray dogs in the streets and they disturb people .
We tried to involve as many students as possible , since we needed actors , costume designers and technicians .
Thanks to this event , people have learned to work as a team , improved their self - esteem and developed their social skills .
The event was very successful as we earned € 2,000 in just a day .
People who attended the event had a wonderful time .
Love ,
Fulya
First and foremost , though , I have to say that I am an eager reader ; that being said , it may be obvious why I value space so much : I need a place to put my books in .
So , resuming what I was saying , I would place two or three bookcases , filling the remaining space this way .
, also , it would be really nice to have a footstool , too .
Nevertheless , it 's something dispensable for me and , for this reason , I think I could get by without having one .
Now that I have already finished describing the arrangement of my hypothetical bedroom , I am going to talk about its lighting .
Firstly , I would only use energy - saving lights to illuminate my dream room .
Lastly , I would like that my curtains were red , given that that is my favourite colour ; however , I would use maroon , which is quite similar , for the curtains , because it is more sober and , consequently , more suitable for my room .
We do n't choose our parents and children , but we can choose a good husband or a wife .
My parents divorced when I was 16 years old , so I do n't have a close relations with my mom and dad .
My mother has a lot of friends and she is quite happy .
My dad has a new family and it seems he is fine too .
My son is 13 years old and we understand each other very well .
He does not conceal anything from me , as I try to understand what he really needs and support him .
My husband is also my best friend , as I do n't have anybody closer than he .
We speak about everything and respect each other .
Sometimes we quarrel , but it does n't last long .
I 'm happy , as I have always dreamt of such a family .
I completely disagree with the statement " there is no future for public transport " .
I do believe that with time people become more conscious of the idea of cities being convenient to everyone .
Despite private car is more convenient to its owner then public transport , it is not in use the majority of the time and that means wasting city space for parking while it could be used as a public space .
At the same time , it is not impossible to solve the task of comfort and efficacy simultaneously .
For instance , a network of taxi cabs with affordable prices could combine the comfort of a personal car and the work - load of public transportation .
Nowadays , all the car manufacturers have accepted the task of design robot - driven car that in future would resolve the issue of safety and availability of taxi 24 hours 7 days a week .
Unfortunately , the main method is to make private cars , if not a luxury , then to make their usage economically less efficient in favour to public transportation .
And the underground , and light tram system are still more ecological and fast .
The aim of this report is to describe the training course that I was attending last month , for a week , and the activities in which I was involved during this period of time .
I managed to find out very few things about the theory , due to the large number of participants .
I realised there is no time to think too much when it comes to practice , because you have to act quickly and to prove to yourself and the others that you use your knowledge in order to accomplish a certain task .
As a result of useful activities putting theory into practice , you will have a better chance to achieve your goal .
Hi Paul ,
As I 've told you , I was helping on the Linkin Park 's concert last month and I have to write you something about it .
You may thought that I met them or I got an autograph , but I must disappoint you .
I was just selling tickets .
I was there with my friend .
When we came , the manager gave the tickets to us and told us to be nice .
It does n't seem like it , but it was hard work , but after the concert the manager praised us for doing a good job .
We could watch the concert without buying a ticket !
You can imagine that it was amazing , Linkin Park is the best group I know , so I was really enjoying it .
I hope we will get this chance next year .
Do you think you will go with us next time ?
It 's an unforgettable experience and it gave me a lot .
Please write to me soon .
Yours faithfully
Petra
After that , these notes are going to get printed , which includes coloring them on both sides and raising the images with special ink .
The key step is to manually inspect the notes .
, of course there is a future for it , and every day more and more .
Green house gases have put a red light warning on the planet , and countries around the world are starting to realize the importance of reducing these gases .
Big cities are crowd with vehicles and , as a result , levels of pollution are dangerously increasing .
Enginers are studying new engines that are more nature friendly , but even so , we have to reduce vehicles to help reduce the green house effects and pollution .
Use public transport is a way to be green and help to improve our planet , and that is a very important task for all of us .
I do not agree with the statement that there is no future for public transport .
From the Metro system , the bus , the train , and the high speed rail , all these public transportation has become more and more popular .
Lots of people really enjoy the moment when taking public transportation because they are more convenient , cost less and is more eco - friendly .
In my opinion , taking public transport is more convenient .
We do n't have to drive by ourselves , and we do n't have to think about which way we should go to reach the destination .
What we have to do is simply go to the public transport stations and there will be vehicles that will take us to anywhere we want .
Finally , taking public transport is more eco - friendly .
Our mother earth has suffered from air pollution for a long period of time , which leads to the greenhouse effect and the rise of the average sea level .
We do n't want these natural disorders to continue .
From this point of view , I do n't think public transport has no future .
You may think of the time machine , but it would only be seen on a movie .
Is there no future for public transport ?
Since a century , many transports have been invented , therefore , our lives have become convenient .
We can easily travel around the world .
What transportation do we need and should be invented now is hard to think , because there is no place we could n't go .
Although the public transport is enough for people 's need , it can be improved its function .
With the advance of technology , a lot of problems have come to pass , the natural resources are becoming in storted , and the air pollution is getting worse .
This is harmful to everything in the world .
It can have benefits but also some drawbacks .
It can have an influence at their work .
They can have a better position , work for a foreign company , communicate with foreign companies , etc .
Also , you can be part of travelling and working experience which can offer to you your school .
It is very good that , these days , schools offer you more languages for learning to choose from and they recommend learning at least 2 foreign languages .
Of course , it can be different in each country .
Another very important benefit of learning a new language is that you can travel . You will understand people abroad and you will know how to communicate with them .
For example , which way you should go , where is a good restaurant , how to travel in a country , how to solve your problems , where is the cheapest accommodation and much more .
Thanks of learning another language , you can have also friends from all over the world and you can better understand the culture of a new country .
And what are the drawbacks ?
It can be really interrupting if it still continues .
And sometimes maybe you do not want to hear what are people speaking about in a foreign language .
In conclusion I would like to say that the learning of another language will be always important for today 's people and the new generation too , and in addition , it will increase need to communicate in another language .
Hi Maria José ,
I am writing to you in reference to the First Certificate exam .
It 'll be a pleasure reporting that the tests were passed with flying colors , for that reason I ask for your help .
You told me that you have a shared folder with some learning tools to help pass this exam .
I found a bilingual Spaniard ( with several international certificates and now he 's teaching in a bilingual school in Madrid ) .
Our idea is to talk at least twice a week .
Thank you for your attention .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Best wishes ,
Adrián Mares .
PS : Merry Christmas and a Happy New year !
With the process of the globalization , people are eager to know about the other country than ever .
However , the situation has already changed .
First , as the technology has developed , we may find visiting museum is far from convenient .
On the other hand , needless to say , the limitation of a museum is that it can only store some pictures and paintings , it is far from an enjoyable visiting when you can only see the picture 2 meters away and no touch it .
The scenery , the beauty of a mountain and river , can only be enjoyed when you travel there on youe own .
Once I visited the museumm finding some pictures of the cave painting in France , but when I got France to see the real painting , I found it is more vivid and can show you how great the France caveman who painted it were .
Visiting a museum is undoubtedly a good way to konw about a country , but not a best way anymore .
If you decide to find out some information about a totally unknowed land , the museum is not a wise option .
The home of the future .
But why ?
Will they fly in the sky ?
Or will they be made from iron and have a strong door and barred windows ?
Will we even go out on the street ?
Technology will control our homes .
Our bed will tell us when to go to sleep .
I have only one question .
Will we live in that house alone ?
Do we need friends or family members if technology can take care of us ?
Does it mean that contact between people will disappear ?
People use machines and robots because they do n't want to waste their time .
But maybe they could stop talk to each other , because it 's a waste of time , too .
Better live in a cottage .
16th December 2013
Writing task : Informal letter
Dear Jenny ,
How are you doing ?
As you know , I 'm planning to go to England to brush up on my English .
I would really appreciate it if you could give me a piece of advice about what course should I take .
Firstly , my main target is to improve my speaking and writing skills , as I do n't feel confident enough to do such tasks .
The selected college should be used to teaching these matters properly .
Secondly , I 'd like the college to be located not too far from accommodation if possible . I would n't like to spend too much time on public transport every day .
As far as accommodation is concern , I 'd like bed and breakfast included in the price .
Would it be enough for a two - week course in England ?
If it 's not , please let me know .
Well , we 'll keep in touch and thank you very much for all your help .
Best regards
Juan
Working with kids makes fun and safety a high priority .
In my opinion , to be a suitable person for the summer camp job you should have qualifications to create fun activities and to keep kids safe .
As a father of three boys and one girl aged 7 - 10 years , I have the ability to create and perform fun activities .
In the last summer , my kids and I created a fun morning and afternoon program for our neighbors . We called it " multi - balls multi - fun " .
In the morning program , the kids have enjoyed playing football , soccer ball , basketball and water ball .
The program has included many competitive activities that were full of fun and cheerful .
the kids have loved learning new dances and cultures .
Safety is a core component in the summer camps ' activities .
As a retired nurse , I have a high sense of safety and harm prevention .
In conclusion , I think providing fun in a safe environment is the main component in summer camp that each family is looking for . as a father and a nurse I have the ability to create the fun , to provide safe activities , and the most important is my ability to intervene in the emergency situations .
Foster Hollywood is an American restaurant in the center of Caceres .
It is a popular place .
The waiters are very friendly and helpful .
I love this restaurant because the food is really good . It is the tastiest food that I have eaten .
The service is very fast . I believe the people eat good and fast .
Yes .
There are many channels on TV , not only entertainment , but also technology , health , environment , weather forecast and news channel , etc .
So , it can really educate people .
Health channels give the ways of living with a healthy lifestyle .
The weather forecast points out to prevent from violent storm , rain , snow , etc .
Moreover , nowadays , many education channels are developing to help the students .
So , I think the advantages and disadvantages of TV mainly depend on the watching person .
So , we need to try to get an equal balance between entertainment and education from TV .
By doing this , we can gain a bird 's eye view without much effort .
Dear Sir
I have seen your advertisement on the Internet and I am really interested in it .
Because of this , I have learnt many activities and games that I could use in your summer camp .
I have also taught English to Spanish pupils , so language will not be a problem .
About my personal characteristics , I am friendly and self - confident but I have another quality that children loves : I am really creative , I can make costumes with not many materials , so they will enjoy a lot dressing them up .
I usually play sports like tennis or running , but specially I am interested in living adventures , and I would like we could to live this one together .
I enclose my CV to complete the information .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Dear Jo ,
I 'm so happy you are almost finishing school and , of course , that you are coming to Colombia .
culture .
It would be incredible if you start your trip in Cartagena , which is a caribean and tropical city .
It is so warm
Then you can go to Santa Marta , do some water sports , visit Taganga , where you can find the best shrips in the whole area .
I can show you the downtown , some of the most important museums , like " La Casa del oro " or The national Museum .
I can talk with my program 's director and try to get you the job .
Please write to me and tell me if you are interested .
Your friend ,
Laura
By the way , my boyfriend will finish a PhD program this summer :-) , and then he needs to do compulsory military service begin 7th August for one year .
Fortunately , he is assigned to substitute services , so he does n't have to enter the real army .
We think that it will be convenient for him to apply for the Postdoctor position during the period of his military service .
His ideal plan is that he will try to apply for the Postdoctor position this fall or winter , and then he can work abroad after finishing the military service ( August 2015 ) .
To take public transport or not , that is a question . Travelling by car is convenient , however , it
Yet , to me , public transport is my
preference .
going to work or travelling by car .
For example , taking the train form Taipei , the city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the newyear just costs half an hours in contrast to nearly two hours awing to the car congestion in the highway .
Besides , take the train instead of your car , you may make a new friends , possibly , if you chats with others besides the seats .
In terms of protecting the environment , taking the public transport may cut down the carbon emmittion .
Because there are nearly 70 billions people in the world , if everyone travelling by car even the half , the pollution will be the burden to the world .
It is the urgent timing to avoid the greenhouse problem that people should think about how to decrease the carbon emmition .
To be brief , taking the public transport is not only avoid congestion problems to save the time but benefit our mother nature 's future .
Admittedly , travelling by the car has its merits , such as being more convenient to go everywhere we want , and we can enjoy the time with family in a car .
For the better life and world , why not take public transport .
Tom was so happy because he had finally won the prize .
Three consecutive years he attended in the local race , but at most he could get the second rank .
This year he found a good trainer and 6 months ' training made him fully ready for this race .
He went to a coffee shop .
The old man said to him " my son needs surgery today or he will die " .
Tom asked him the cost of the surgery .
Tom told him " I can give you 5000 $ but what can I do for the rest of this amount ?
He thought I should perform a show to jump over the several wrecked cars , but it was too risky because he had not had any experience in this kind of show .
He talked to his trainer Jack and explained the problem .
Jack said , " I know someone who can do that but how will we organize the show .
We need advertising and to find a suitable place for the show until 3 pm " .
Tom yelled : " ladies and gentlemen , please help us as much as you can because all of the income of this show is paid for the surgery of a sick boy " .
Tom sold all of the tickets quickly and earned enough money .
His son was cured and in the recovery room . Tom visited him and they became friends .
It was 10 pm when Tom arrived home .
Because of the quicker effects , they are more lucrative for the elite than the long - term reforms required by the EU .
As an Orthodox and Slavic country which is yet to become a member of the EU and does not want to become a member of NATO , in a difficult economic situation with the public exposed to strong propaganda , Serbia , is an easy target of Russia 's soft power .
People were changing during ages and , in the same time , they were building an astonishment history .
They were thinking about how the world would look like , and with that thought , civilization was created .
Nowadays , we are in the same situation .
The future is one of the biggest question for us .
Our curiosity is not restraining .
I want to give an example of how would look like the Home of the Future .
Will it be Earth in general ?
Many buildings , like skycarpers are suggesting living in flats which exist above the ground , and it is not extraordinary , but how about whole cites prospering under the water with it own source of light which could replace the Sun .
Our main goal should be creating homes with renewable materials which might be available to everyone and cheap .
That way of thinking could bring us a better world without homeless people .
Despite the fact that the visual aspect is the most important thing to most people , in my opinion , in this case , everything was said and no new forms could be created .
To summarize , the Home of the Future will bring us not only a new kind of home , but also a new outlook on life .
Good morning , everyone !
Today I 'm going to introduce a book about nature that I 've read recently .
The book is called " Living Through a Natural Disaster " , written by Eve Recht .
The reason I chose this book was that it is really comprehensive in showing you that different parts of the world are suffering from disasters , for instance , the Cyclone Tracy in Darwin , Australia ; the Yellow River flood in China and a devastating drought in Central America , etc .
It concisely depicts the devastation and destruction caused by natural disasters .
At the beginning , the Yellow River was always unleashing terrible floods that swept through towns , villages and farmland .
People were forced to flee by boat because of the flood .
People living along the river wanted to prevent the flood coming again by building dykes .
However , it made the situation worse .
After day of heavy rain , the water level became dangerously high because the riverbed can not withstand the water when it is out of its limitation .
Now , she is extremely angry after human beings did something really hurt to her .
After all , she is very kind - hearted and always helps us to have a good living .
However , " it was the worst of times " also .
The Yellow River is a combination of history and modernization .
It carries a lot of memories from the past to now , whether it is cruel to people or not .
Reading this book is like unwrapping a present which is packed in layers of sheets .
Meanwhile , a surge of sympathy and despair overwhelmed me with lots of thought - provoking words .
That 's all for my presentation today .
Thank you for listening !
I agree with the idea that sporting events can be necessary for international relations and national unity .
In this essay , I will think about the effects of these popular sporting events .
The World Cup , the Olympics and other international games work for easing tensions among different nations .
For example , North and South Korea are two countries who are against each other , but every year they still have a friendly football match .
During that time , the fans and the players are the same harmony in unity and friendship .
On the other hand , some sports matches can make international relations worse .
The patriotic emotions explode in an unaggressive way .
For example , during the semi - final first leg AFF Cup 2014 between Vietnam and Malaysia team , the players played quite violent , and the supporters of the two teams were very tense .
Even after the end of the match , assaults occurred between supporters of the two teams .
I think that international sporting occasions can be one of the best ways to ease tensions or to release patriotism safely .
However , I believe that games can not be the fundamental ways for the sound patriotism or peaceful international relations .
I am very interested in this management trainee - marketing position with your corporation , and believe that my education and employment background are appropriate for the position .
I was able to utilize my marketing skills to assist the organization in their goal to promote SEO .
I believe that my experiences in marketing and my interpersonal skills make me a prime candidate for this position . I am a diligent worker , and passionate about my work . I will be a valuable asset to your company and will use this as an opportunity to grow and further the development of my marketing skill set .
Thank you very much for considering my application for candidacy .
I will follow up within a week to confirm that all of my materials were received and hopefully to set up an interview time .
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
If we watch how society is going nowadays , we notice some aspects that let us think about the human condition .
First of all , we can define ourselves as " slaves of the technology " , because now we all have a telephone that have lots of functions and that turn us away from real life .
This can be seen in teenagers , who seems to prefer to talk by telephone than " face to face " , and also in children , who prefer play with video games on their own than going to the park .
In my opinion , the obsession for the business trasforms society in a ring in which every man will be against his friend only for the sake of an excellent career .
In this way , everyone is the perfect copy of someone else and the originality or a creative mind is considered as something bad .
There are also positive aspects , for example , there is a progress in the subject of medicine or in the use of the eco - resources .
Yes , it will , and I hope that we will improve our thought and we will have the cosciousness that we are not " supreme " and that we will never have the right of imposing us in the world .
Nowadays , it is possible to listen to various types of music .
What is the reason for making music necessary for us ?
Is national music more important than foreign music , which is heard all over the world ?
Taking acceptance the strength of music , it is hard to imagine human life without it . "
Music is the nutrition for our souls " it said in the popular proverb .
Therefore , we can feel the enormous role of music in our lives .
To my mind , the beautifulness of music does not depend on its sorts .
People enjoy it and do not think about its genre .
For example , there are various music competitions Eurovision Song Contest which are organized in many countries .
Being at the core of the culture of a country , it influences on national fame .
For instance , in our country , music consists of two main parts : Mougam and Folk music , which have been getting popularity from all regions in the world since it was sprung .
Despite the fact that it is held by the majority of countries .
To take account that it has been improving day by day , we can meet the appearance of very exotic and amazing mixtures of modern and national music almost in every country .
Inasmuch as this process makes peoples close to each other , encouraging them to corporate and befriend .
It is essential to treasure music as one of the significant kinds of art .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
But to begin with , Anna for a long time was n't famous at school .
She prefer books , quiet places and that kind of thing , which was boring for the elite in our school .
She was very focused on learning .
She had a dream to be a lawyer and wanted to help innocent people .
One a day , she decided to pass away all of this thing and get started on something completely different .
She forgot about books .
Unfashionable clothes turned into fashionable dresses .
Anna became a model !
And for now , she is one of the most popular models in the world , not only in the school .
The day when Anna decided to be a model was the most important in her life .
Dear Jo ,
I think that Spain is an incredible country since it has all kinds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , lakes , and you can enjoy adventure activivities , for example , trekking routes , climbing , bungee jumping , surf ... You can make different kinds of tourism depending on the city where you want to go .
First of all , I would like to talk about Extremadura .
In Extremadura , you can enjoy the environment and you can walk across the famous Monfragüe Nacional Park or Tajo - International Natural Park .
Other places that I would recommend are : the towns of the South of Andalucia , which have clean beaches , cold water and a good leisure facilities , with many restaurants , shops , parks , zoos , aquatic parks ...
On the other hand , near the Mediterranean Sea there are a lot of towns with fantastic beaches which water is very clean and warm .
In particular , I recommend you to go to the Baleares Islands .
However , if you want to go there , you must fly or go by ship .
In the North of Spain , the weather is colder than the rest of the country , for this reason , the water of the beaches is very cold and it is very difficult to swim there .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Best wishes .
Bea
Yesterday , Tom woke up at 7 o'clock in the morning as he usually does .
He took breakfast with his father , that took him to school , as he always do .
That morning , he had math , and after that , he had a science class .
The first one was very boring for him because he was very tired and he was n't about listening to everything that the teacher was saying .
Tom loves asking questions himself about life and thinks that science class is the only thing that can solve his questions .
And many more .
When the time for science class arrived , he felt really excited because John , the science teacher , told them that he was going to explain to them a very interesting thing .
When Tom arrived home , he talked to his family about what have he learned in science class and talked their parents to start recycling .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
As AC category manager , Nikita has demonstrated in - depth knowledge of the AC market , a high level of negotiations skills , and a professional attitude to everything he did .
Nikita has shared with me his understanding of e - retail , analysis of sales channels , product strategy in online and offline mix .
His advice helped me to increase the sales of our main e - retail partners .
Nikita has superior communication skills , a positive mindset , and he is highly approachable .
Dear Madam / Sir ,
My name is Marco Bruno .
This is to apply for the position advertised concerning the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
Due to my background , I believe myself to be the ideal person for the abovementioned job .
I have been working with children since I was aged 16 .
I have been involved in summer camps with children from different background and with diverse needs .
Children can indeed teach you a lot , being able to express their feelings with the spontaneity that adults often lack .
Being raised in an environment where personal autonomy is the core , children with disabilities were growing up very independent and strong , despite all the challenges they could face on the way .
During the year in Ghana , I was part of a team of volunteers working with children .
After consulting some children 's representatives , we organized Olympic games for the children attending the schools of the area .
You do not need much to make children happy and let them enjoy the positive energy given by sane sports competition .
As volunteers , we were also helping the cooks of the schools in the kitchen and in the dining room .
Since they were already baking bread , they quickly learned how to make a delicious pizza as well .
In conclusion , I believe myself to meet the requirements of the job and I kindly ask you to consider me for it .
Marco Bruno
WHY TENNIS ?
It ca n't be compared to anything else if it comes to all the emotions and feelings which are connected with playing tennis .
PREPARING FOR THE GAME
You just surely have to work your fingers to the bones , but it 's definitely worth it .
It 's also not said but tennis is one of the sports which causes an enermous amount of injuries , so that 's necessary to be under the constant control of your doctor !
Despite all the obstacles , I would n't change this entertainment on anything else .
ADVICE AND RECOMMENDATIONS
Maybe it 's not a vital part of being a well known sportsman , but it 's important when you want to work something off during your career .
There are a lot of bergains and cheap items on the market , which very often catches our eye , but I want definitely to warn you against it !
Do n't be mean , and spent as much money as it 's needed .
The Home of the Future - in what ways homes will be different in the future and in what ways will they be the same ? I think that is many reasons to consider both of this options .
In terms of differences is that this houses will be modern , more secure , economic .
What will be the same ?
Surely the people who will live in the House of the Future .
Everything is going forward , so everything will be changed .
Nothing else .
And suddenly there 's a ball .
And one lucky receiver tries to deliver it to the end zone .
First of all , it 's a man 's sport , simple and simultaneously complicated .
I think it 's the best sport to watch in the whole world .
To be a fan of an NFL team is a very special experience .
If you enter the world of NFL brutality , rivalry and love , you should know that you will stay here forever .
If you plan to play this game , you definitely should be an outstanding athlete . You should understand the " pros " and " cons " of every move you make on the field .
And , of course , you should be a team player .
As they say " There 's no I in " team " , but there 's an " I " in win " .
So , it is what it is .
I 'm a friendly , open mind and quite easy - going guy who live in one of the most beautiful city of Russia - St. Petersburg .
Working as an IT engineer , I can afford 2 - 4 short term trips per year , and I always take this chance .
I can show you cool places step apart from the beaten path in my hometown .
Since I have a full - time job , I could join you at weekends .
Dear Mr. Hooper ,
Introduction
the aim of this report is the desciption of the shopping facilities in my home town - Vienna .
Vienna is the capital of Austria and located in its east .
Findings
Vienna contains a lot of great shopping areas , and that is why I am going to speacialse on the three most popular places .
Conclusions
It is situated in Kagran and can be easily reached by subway .
The mall is linked to an entertainment section , called " Donauplex " .
There you can find a cinema , some restaurants and bars .
On the countryside , you can find the recently edified mall named " G3 " .
I would recommend you to go there by car .
It contains nearly the same shops as the " Donauzentrum " and several restaurants and cafés .
It is not only worthy to attend the street by day , but also by night .
Beside the shops , some nice bars and restaurants can be found .
Recommendations
To not to lose the track , I am going to give a review .
Espacially on a rainy afternoon , the " Donauzentrum " and " G3 " are the prefekt way to spend your day .
To people who prefer spending their time on the countryside , I would commend a visit on the " Maria Hilfer Straße " .
James Mehler
Good morning ,
I 've just read your advertisement for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , and I 'm really interested in it .
I think I 'm suitable for every work because I 'm sporty and sociable and , above all , I think I have enough willpower to manage and carry out every work you will choose to give me .
Does the accommodation belong to the summer camp structure ?
Or is it just near there ?
As I live in Milan , I hope you will answer soon , so , that if I have a positive feedback , I 'll have enough time to book the flight ticket .
Thank you so much for your attention ,
Monica Conti
I live in a village on the outskirts of Milan .
Every house has a place to put all the rubbish and people come every day to pick up the trash .
We do the collection , to recycle as many things as possible .
All the building here have been built to respect the environment , in fact , every house has photovoltaic panels on the roof .
I always participate in these events because I love the environment and I 'd like to keep my village clean .
We all know that the Roman Empire affected a lot Italian culture and history , in fact , if you want to go on a tour around the most beautiful cities in the country , you should definitely go to Florence , Venice , Naples and many others ..
Cities are full of museums where tourists can see all the customs and traditions that have characterized Italian culture .
That 's why Italy is such an interesting and historical country .
Dear Mathew ,
Hi !
How are you ?
Thank you for your letter !
It was so nice to hear from you again !
In your letter you asked me for advice .
But you know , the decision is your and I can just somehow have an effect on it .
Sorry , I need to go and wash my raccoon , he is very dirty after a walk .
Best wishes ,
Sasha
Many people feel that learning English , especially in ' England ' or in ' The USA ' , is better than learning that in a country that does not have English as its mother tongue .
For instance , in Peru everybody speaks Spanish , so you are not accustomed to the language .
The advantages of learning English abroad are the everyday practice , which you should have if you are in an English - speaking country and all the people who you get to know from all over the world .
However , the disadvantages are that you do not know how to behave in another culture .
And it is difficult to change your everyday routine .
In conclusion , I am of the opinion that people ought to study abroad if they have the opportunity , so apart from your lessons , you can interact with native people and learn usually - common phrases .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
The other girls left out earlier because they prepared something special for her .
But before she went to the club , she was invited for one drink with a lifesaver from the hotel 's pool .
Then the people from the hotel saw her the for last time .
Her friends came back to their country , but Anna still is missing .
Her parents and her sister are still looking for her .
If you want to meet somebody strange , do not leave your friends or family without knowledge of with who and where you want to go .
It 's only for your safety .
I believe that it is true , because the people are more concerned about their privacy and the time it taken to travel by the public transport .
In this essay , these worries are studied carefully .
A private vehicle offers more privacy than public vehicle .
A breast feeding woman can feed her baby in the car without worrying about her privacy .
On a hot day , the lady ca n't remove her coat to reduce body heat .
For example , A lady travel on a bus , and if she removes her coat everybody will look at her and probably tease her , but in her car she can do what ever she want .
The public transport may take more time to travel and have more a rigid schedule than private vehicles .
In case a person who is going for an interview for a job , punctuality is a must , hence , he can drive his car fast or can go earlier in his car to reach there early .
But he could not travel on a bus very fast in order to reach his destination very quickly .
Hence , public vehicles take more time to travel .
In order to boost the usage of public transport , the government or the governing body should consider these factors and must find a solution to these problems .
We almost forget about those days before the Internet arrived .
We had to carry a map for our adventure 10 years ago .
Nowadays , all of what we need is a full charged smart phone with the Google Map application .
In the past , people could only have a purchase from a store to store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods on line and buy it through a simple click .
For this tremendous outcome , I believe that our lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years , with greater extension to every aspect of our lives .
Some of the countries will be submerged entirely into the sea , some will survive , and there will be less space for an increasing people .
Fortunately , the most outstanding scientists will solve the energy crisis and will find ways to create new lands for living , to clean air for breathing , and to purify water and food for supply .
We can access all the knowledge from the Internet as we need it .
When we have a dementia ( a steady degeneration disease of our brains ) , we can take back our lost memories from the backup system of on - line " Big Cloud " memories .
Also , we can change our emotions by releasing some invisible chemicals which can trigger off reactions in our brains .
Moreover , our clothing will be able to change colours and patterns or even the physical functions corresponding to the changing environments or simply by our specific commands .
However , the more we feel convenient , the more the damages to our intellect .
It sounds like a scary science fiction scenario , but it may happen if we keep pursuing only values of materials .
We have a lot of problems waiting to be solved .
Time - saving and convenience are admittedly considered two essential values of modern lives .
PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
Which of these is better ?
We may think that depends on how you like to travel , as they all have their advantages and disadvantages .
When you travel by land , train is one of the best options .
But personally , my favorite way to travel is by plane .
It is faster than the other two , it is no difficult to travel on it and it is quite comfortable .
Also , you can travel to different places and longer distances , whereas while boating , for example , you can only travel to places where there is a connection to the sea .
In short , the plane is one of the best options to do it .
Dear Jo ,
If I have the opportunity to help you in your organization , please have no doubt that I will certainly do so .
Firstly , I strongly recommend you to visit the main capital , which is full of marvellous historical and cultural sites , such as museums , art galleries , monuments and churches .
Whether at some point , you are fed up with art and culture , the city offers to you a lot of leisure time facilities such as concerts , exhibitions , festivals and so on !
As you will arrive during the summer , you should then have a vacation in the South where the beaches are breathtaking , with such a clean water and golden long shores .
My statement to apply to a university
My name is Najla Bitar . I am from Iraq .
I pursued my life 's dream of higher education by searching for the best universities in the UK .
I found your Translation and Interpretation program for a master 's degree meets my requirements and needs .
Since my graduation , I have acquired wide experience in translation .
This gives me wide knowledge in petroleum jargons that open endless horizons of experience and of how to work on developing my knowledge and skills .
My enriched experience in the English language and my knowledge in petroleum expression qualified me to work in the Training and Developing Directorate mainly in abroad training .
I did many important translations for training manuals and petroleum institutions student description .
As well as , the higher administration in the Training & Developing directorate selected me to join a focal committee to buildup competency system for petroleum staff in corporation with the British government .
I attended many training courses in different fields like computer , human resources , and English language that were held in Baghdad , at the British council in Amman and the last one was in London at luminous language solution .
I did the IELTS exam twice and scored ( 5.5 ) .
In spite of that , I did not give up .
It goes without saying that I am form petroleum country and I intend to work in OPEC as a representative of my country and enhance the Ministry of Oil 's translation staff with highly educated translators .
At first you should visit sights like a churches and a cathedrals , then move to the town centre and go through the town park .
There you will find beautiful countryside and gorgeous swans , which stay there for the whole year .
It 's quite an architecturally significant building , I think , plus there is about a million books , so you can learn something new about our culture .
There are also good pubs and restaurants .
There is a pub called Richard 's . You can easily find it because it 's a huge green building just next to the library .
There are some clubs in the town : the A 's and the Subway , which are in the centre , and the Barrel , which is on the outskirts of the town .
Not far from the town lies the zoo .
You definitely have to visit it .
There are about a thousand of animals and in the midlle of it is located a gorgeous castle .
Their novels have much in common : first of all , the plot is usually pretty complex ( as we can see in David Copperfield by Dickens and Wuthering Heighs by E. Bronte ) , and so are the characters , which are always well described , especially on a psychological level ; furthermore both the authors included in their works the figure of the noble who helps the hopeless child who comes from a lower class .
There is also a lot in contrast , most evident is the difference between the settings : Dickens prefers industrial cities , while Emily prefers rural villages , and these choices reflect different topics , . In fact , Charles mostly deals with themes like exploited childhood , the miserable conditions of the lower classes and the bad consequences of the industrialisation , instead Emily Bronte is more concerned about the theme of respectability , even if her female heroins do not reflect Victorian values such as chastity and prude .
Then we can notice that the narrator of the novel has different roles : Dickens 's narrator is omniscient , Emily 's one is part of the story itself and can change , revealing other characters ' perspectives .
Moreover , people can use their humor to overcome some difficult issues .
I would like to provide examples to illustrate my thesis .
Moreover , we can feel happy easily .
Consequently , we feel happy so easily because my friend has a good sense of humor .
For instance , my mother always has lots of new ideas , and she likes to tell people in a funny way .
In this case , people who have a good sense of humor can make a friend easily .
Third , sometimes a person who has a good sense of humor can help others to overcome some difficult issues .
His mother told him that he did a great job because he studied so hard .
Also , his mother told him he would do better next time .
Later on , he got a great score in his test .
Also , people can have a good relationship with their humor .
Perfect product , good manager , and great marketing are the three key elements to success in business .
First of all , the products that are manufactured must perfect meet the requirements of customers .
Company need to create a new product in a variety of designs , styles , types , sizes and colors , but still ensure high quality .
The price of each kind of product must be suitable with consumers that the enterprise directed to .
For example , workers with an average income would not choose to buy luxury goods for the rich or for those with high incomes .
Second , the management of business leaders plays an important role in the success of the company 's business .
The head of the enterprise must have the knowledge and experience to make the right and reasonable decisions .
Himselves of leader must have discipline , know working on time , and know how to create a group - working consensus , seriously .
Finally , great marketing is a necessary measure in order to succeed in business .
Marketing 's job is to deliver content to customers so that they learn more about the company and the products and services , in order to increase the advantage in the consumption of goods and increase profits .
In addition , an enterprise may be marketing through advertising , newspapers ... it is important to listen to feedback from customers to understand and supply what they need .
Business is not easy work and success in business is very difficult .
Good products with reasonable prices , a good manager of the strong leadership and an excellent marketing plan are the factors that lead to success in business .
Importance of outdoor games
As we know , every person wants to get success in their respective lives .
For this , they must possess a healthy life .
Outdoor games are made only for this purpose . That is , to make a person healthier .
In ancient times , every child loved to play games outside their homes and they were more stronger than children in today 's world .
There are many games that children can play , like : cricket , badminton , football etc .
Our world 's great scientist have invented the internet to solve various distant problems .
Students start forgetting their physical games and got stuck in this internet world .They are giving so much time in using the internet and they do only baseless gossips on social networking websites .
If they want to use it , they should try to focus on getting important information which is benefial in improving their knowledge skills .
Using the internet in the wrong manner may affect their studies and health as well .
By playing physical games , they will not only improve their health but they can also gain concentration .
I am writing to you to request if I may be considered for a place in your program .
I contain all the characteristics in which you require and , so , is an ideal person for the job .
I 've taught at many schools , including primary , so I got a good encounter of children .
As I 've also ran the marathon THRICE and play in the local netball team , I am quite energetic , plus , I 'm also hardworking , as I try my best to reach my ambition .
I become especially happy when I 'm with children !
Also , I 'm a good cook ; at one school I 'd taught at , we made cheese and pepperoni pizzas !
As a result , I am also organised .
Finally , to conclude my letter , I just want to say : Please choose me !
Kind Regards
Jeyatharini Deshpande
Dear Jo ,
I am so glad that you would like to come to my country .
My
It is an archipelago , so there are surely many spots of tourism here .
If I can say , the beaches in those islands are more beautiful and natural than in Java island .
You could travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali or by train from Jakarta to Surabaya , so you can take a plane from Surabaya to Bali .
Also , you can interact for longer with other passengers , especially native Indonesian , just in case you need to explore more about Indonesia as you would like to get a temporary job here .
Here are a few tips for starting a conversation with Indonesian : an Indonesian person will reply a smile with a smile , so you can start with it ; not all Indonesian speaks English , but most students could speak English .
I suggest you to choose college students , because they are more familiar with English , besides they will welcome you with pleasure to experience their English ability ; when you are going to use public transportation , you could ask for an information you need to the official employee in the station or to student for the same reason , not many Indonesian speak English .
Lombok , Sumbawa , Sulawesi and Irian Jaya islands have very beautiful beaches as well .
The tourism service in Bali and Lombok is better than on the other islands mentioned above , but other islands are more challenging and natural .
If you like hiking , you could explore the mountains in Java : Semeru , Ranu Kumbolo , Bromo , etc .
Joining a community of hiking student can be useful , because they will be pleasant free guide for you , this trick has more effective for the budget for your trip .
It can be a little bit difficult to find a temporal job here , unless you have got any connections with agency or local people .
Teaching English is a common job for foreign people , moreover foreigner teacher is more likely than local teacher .
There are some reasons for this situation .
Personally , I think this development has both positive and negative sides .
Thanks to increasing living standard , people are able to afford a bigger and more expensive wedding .
If , in the past , they just hold weddings at home to save money , now they tend to choose restaurants and hotels instead .
Secondly , it is likely that , nowadays , people focus more on appearance , so a luxurious and elegant wedding is an occasion for them to show off .
Finally , people have more relationships in life as well as in business .
Therefore , the number of guests invited to the wedding are much more than that those in previous time .
A bigger wedding is required to meet this change .
As a result , more new relationships are created , people get more chance to co - ordinate in business and help each other in life .
Grooms , brides and their parents usually have to book a restaurant , a hotel , invite a singer and a famous master of ceremony to make the wedding serious .
Instead of that , this amount of money can help the couple buy a house or car for a new life .
To conclude , marriage is a landmark of an individual .
It was a trip I 'll never forget .
At first , when the ski lift rose up to the station , I was terrified , as I was suspended from the ground .
Some days before , we had decided to organize an excursion to a nature trail nearby . As soon as we arrived at the railway stop , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us that we had been walking for three hours along a path , Suddenly , our surroundings appeared to be far wilder than it had been before , so we stopped trekking and we had a look at our map .
As we were going back to the ski lift , we heard a strange noise which was coming from the bushes behind us .
We immediately turned towards the bushes immediately , we were worried , as we had listened to the radio that a bear could have lived there .
Eventually , it was a special trip !
I am writing to apply for a job in a summer camp in the USA .
Another thing is that : I would improve my skills in working with children and I would find the money useful to expand my academic qualifications .
Firstly , I am a young college student , a friendly person and devoted to my studies . I enjoy cooking as one of my hobbies .
I also take pleasure in playing tennis , for the benefits of practising sports and staying active .
Besides , I particularly enjoy outdoor activities rather than indoor ones .
Another reason is that I have gained experience of taking care of children from working as a babysitter recently .
Furthermore , I have a great sense of leadership , as well as the social skills needed , from being a scout for five years .
All in all , I can assure you that I would be a great addition to your team of workers for all the reasons above stated .
I patiently await an answer .
With kind regards , Catarina
Last summer I spent in Oxford , UK , studying English in a language school for ESL learners .
I knew no one in the city ; my friends and family were far away , so I felt lonely .
I came to school with almost zero knowledge of English , and after entry tests , I was applied to a level higher than mine .
When I went to class , there was a group of students who had already studied together for some time .
Being happy together , they were not paying attention to a new girl .
I was needed practice in speaking so much , so it was just what the doctor ordered !
There was the only one problem : I can not communicate well in English and I was really shy about it .
But when the dinner started , there was nothing to worry about , because my classmates appeared supportive and patient .
I told them about my country and family , I was speaking English and they were understanding me !
It gave me a strong belief in future progress in learning .
The guy who invited me , Francois from France , spoke with me more than the others .
Starting to spend every evening together , we spoke about the past , expressed our thoughts and future plans .
Every time when I felt weak about my English , he supported me like no one else .
He helped me forget about my fear , because his believing in my success made me stronger .
After two weeks , he returned to France , but we keep in touch even today .
I am going to France this December , and Francois will show me independent Paris !
Hello Paul ,
I 'm sure you remember because I spoke a lot about this event .
I was part of the team !
There were ten doors in the building and my job was to sell tickets at door number 5 .
I sold 567 tickets at the price of 55 € uros .
The artists invited all the staff to a big party in a restaurant .
It was unbelievable to speak with the artists and ask them questions about their life and habits .
Nowadays , it 's common to think that travelling by car is much more conventient than travelling by public transport , but it 's no true at all .
The increase in the fuel cost , for example , will have surely a negative impact on the use of private vehicles .
Moreover , other costs will act upon the prices of travelling by private vehicles .
The annual average of crashes caused by public transport measures of 43% , instead of the private vehicle one that is around 76% .
Obviously , the quality of public transport has to be improved .
In this way , the customer can feel as comfortable as they fell in theirown cars .
ESSAY : Young people in Spain are not as healthy as they should be
Finally , it is proved that youths are devoting less time to do exercise than they should and , as a consequence , they are not improving their general health enough .
As far as I am concerned , I think the Spanish government should implement health programmes and advertisement campaigns in order to improve health in the young population .
Furthermore , Spanish schools should pay more attention to this matter and teach children how to develop a healthy lifestyle .
Travelling by car is only convenient in a restricted sense , while public transport is overall more convenient .
What is meant by a restricted sense , is that for adults , who are healthy and able bodied , having access to personal transportation is arguably quite attractive .
They can simply travel when they choose and not be tied to a timetable that has been devised out of their control .
However , note my emphasis on adult , healthy and able - bodied , for young people , for older people , for people with disabilities , being able to drive brings more costs than benefits .
A public transport system is much more convenient for this group of people because they wo n't need to worry about the skill and attention needed for driving .
Furthermore , the monetary costs in the long run are much better using public transport , both for individuals and for the wider society .
I totally agree with this statement .
Famous people often are annoyed , because every their action will appear in the magazines or on the Internet .
Even when celebrities are having holidays , people ask them to give them an autograph .
Sometimes , famous people look a little bit different that on the stage and their faces wihout any makeup appear in the Internet .
From : Elena
Date : July 26 , 2015
It is necessary for your health , but , what about if you go running in the mornings ?
Also you 're about to finish your classes , so if you give up music , you will discard all your effort .
Anyways , if you feel that going to your music classes is stressful and you do n't have time to do it , try a new sport ! maybe soccer , or go running in the mornings , as I said before , believe me , golf is kinda funny but you do n't exercise too much as you could .
See you soon !
Elena
As a result of this , many studies have shown that athletes shuold be motivate to push themselves above the record .
Swimming includes all these abilities .
One of the most difficult sport on the Earth will learn you what it means hard work , sacrifice , pain , strain but also satisfaction , determination , pride and struggle mean .
People that would like to start this sport , they should know that this is not just a sport .
This is life .
You certainly will learn to fail and win , but the most important thing that you will lern is never give up .
Futhermore like Michael Phelps said : " There will be obstacles , there will be doubters , there will be mistakes , but with hard work ... there are no limits " .
Personally , I usually get on with people pretty well and make new friends easily as I am a natural extrovert ( or so I think ) .
All in all , even despite the fact that making friends can be a struggle ( they need our time and efforts ) , they give us support and love and improve our mood when we need it most .
I was walking in the center of Turin when I saw a big , beautiful hotel , with a lot of police who were trying to maintain law and order because there were a lot of people like me that wanted to know what was going on .
I saw a policeman who was my friend and he explained to me that a man had been killed by someone and he allowed me to go into the room and see the scene of the crime .
I went to see the room of this poor man , called Mr Smith .
All the room was in order and the policeman explained to me that the man , who had been very old , had also been rich .
All night , the body had lain like this on the floor .
The next day , the waitress knocked once , twice , three times , but no one answered , so she thought that the man might have gone out .
She opened the room with some keys that all the waitresses have , and saw Mr Smith lying dead on the floor .
The detectives analysed what was in the glass and it was poison .
I think that someone who wanted to inherit Mr Smith 's money must have killed him for this reason .
In fact , I discovered that Mr Smith 's nephew wanted all his fortune .
So he must have killed him with the poison .
Sometimes , people will do anything for some money .
Nowadays , it 's believed that it 's better to work on your own than to work as a group .
First I completely agree with this , but then when I started to think about it I realized that it 's not like that .
Firstly , I think that if you work as a team , you can help each other and if you have more people to talk about any situation with you could have a better and more completely answer , because you have the ideas and the knowledge of every single member of the group .
Secondly , I think that the members of the team give you support , love and company .
Moreover , if it is a really nice group , it is funnier to work with them than to work alone .
In conclusion , I believe that it 's better to work as a team than to work on your own because they give you love , company and you could pass a very good time .
It is well known that an image is better than a thousand words , and that may be the reason for the success of television in a recent survey as the most important invention of the last 100 years .
However , this election could not be the wisest , as there are other inventions more useful than television and with better future applications .
Nobody wants to dismiss the importance of television and its achievements .
For more than 50 years , it has been the main entertainment channel , displacing others as radio , theater , cinema and , sadly , also books .
In its first years , television was also an important channel to culture ( theater plays , classic films , etc . ) .
Unfortunately , in the last years , television has lost this educational focus .
The Internet , on the other side , has became more and more popular , not only for entertainment , but also for business , and today it is almost impossible to find an activity in which the Internet does n't play a major role .
The Internet has also replaced television to watch films and TV shows , especially among young people , who prefer to download and watch the videos instead of watching on the fixed schedule of TV .
A fire in the French Alps
The hotel had 8 floors and the workers lived on the top floor .
Then , disaster struck .
One hour later , our table was on fire .
While the fire was spreading all over the bedroom , I woke up and Matxi was unconscious because there was a lot of smoke in the bedroom .
Fortunately , we managed to wake her up .
That day I was afraid , but now I remember this experience as a good time .
Now the question uder discussion is whether public transport has a future as travelling by car is gaining more and more popularity because of its advantages .
Well , I think it has a future .
First , there are always lots of people who would prefer not to give much thought to where to park their car or how to avoid traffic jams .
The metro , which is a means of public transport , solves all these problems .
In smaller towns without an underground there are usually a number of bus routs to cover the city area , so , all you need is to go to a bus stop and to get on a bus and soon you 'll reach the destination .
One should n't forget that using public transport helps to save money .
It is obvious that it is safer for the environment than thirthy cars with an only person inside .
And the last , but not the least , thing is that there are quite a lot of people who are not able to or just do n't want to drive , so the only way out for them is public transport .
Moreover , cities ' authorities encourage the development of public transport because it creates employment , lessens the impact on the environment and contributes to road safity .
So , my opinion is that public transport does have the future . Travelling by car is convenient but public transport has undeniable benefits for long - lasting life as well .
It was a beautiful Sunday morning and Michael was preparing to go out to meet his old friend Peter .
He was running to the cafe where they were supposed to meet .
Peter was already there and he immediately told Michael about a trip to Italy that he had planned for them .
Everything sounded great , they only needed a little bit more money and a car .
He managed to get the money and take the car from his dad and went to pick up Peter .
He got to Peter 's apartment to help him with his luggage .
He opened the door and saw that Peter was n't packed at all , he had changed his mind about the trip .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Alison read the note , smiled and immediately put on her coat .
Someone would write something short and simple like " Keep smiling " or " You 're beautiful " and leave the note on the mirror right behind the front door .
No name of the author on it , but let 's face it - there was only one guy on Brooklyn who would wake up every day before the dawn , no matter if it was raining or snowing , and run like crazy to Alison 's family 's small flat .
Just to make her smile every single morning as if something amazing had happened to her .
Occasionally , her older sister would watch her down from the hall and poke her index finger on her forehead . " What a jerk " she 'd mutter under her breath .
But truth was that she was jealous .
Very , very jealous .
She lost her job when the war started , as well as her husband - Tom 's father .
Back then it was pretty obvious that regardless of his young age of seventeen , he would quit school and start earning money .
Because it 's just the way Tom is - stubborn and righteous .
Alison , well ...
Try to fit a heart and the bravery of a lion into a small frame of sixteen - year - old girl .
She was weak , but preferred to be called fragile , as if that made a significant difference .
Her major health problem was asthma , as well as anemia , a low immune system and being underweight .
All her clothes are from the kids ' section and yet they 're usually too loose .
Mary is a picture of health with all her curves and pretty face .
Small snub nose , full lips and high cheekbones .
No freckles as her skin is perfect at every inch .
The rest is anything but completely different .
That 's why Mary is constantly surrounded with a bunch of fellas , meanwhile Tom is the only one to follow Alison and have her back .
And hell , she needs at least one to do it .
FILM REVIEW
ROMEO AND JULIET , Franco Zeffirelli ( 1968 )
The best known love story of all time - Romeo and Juliet - has been adapted a number of times for the cinema and also made into successful musicals .
One of the most renowned romance films based on the Shakespearean play was directed by Franco Zeffirelli in 1968 .
The script is a faithful translation of the original text and the plot , as well , sticks to Shakespeare 's work .
This remarkable story is set in Verona in the 15th century .
The film , instead , was shot in central Italy and , surprisingly , the scene of the balcony hasn't even been filmed in Verona .
It 's about the tragic fate of two young lovers whose families are bitter enemies .
Romeo and Juliet fall in love and secretly get married .
The play becomes tremendously thrilling until the couple 's death .
Believable costumes and location , unforgettable soundtrack and outstanding performances celebrate a gripping and moving story that will charm you .
If you fancy travelling back in time , do n't miss this piece of art .
It 's worth it !
To : manager of the centre
From : John Jones
Re : Report about Active Leisure Club
The aim of this report is to make suggestions about the facilities of the club .
The swimming pool is big enough and the temperature of the water is fine .
However , the water is dirty and it is recommended to clean the pool at least twice a week .
The new tennis court was found very useful because most members of the club claimed that they liked playing tennis .
Also , the court is cheap and the changing room is nice and clean .
On the other hand , the opening hours are not long enough and they should be extended .
The gym reception is nice , but the walls are painted with dark colours .
It is advisable to paint the walls with a brighter colour .
Apart from the above - mentioned points , there maybe so many other ideas which can make a big difference to the club .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She did n't know exactly why , but she had the feeling .
The feeling it would be the last day of her journey .
She began to reminisce about the start of her journey .
Back then , when she had been a little kid , she had dreamed of seeing the entire world .
In order to realize her dream , she had begun her journey .
It had n't been easy , she had had to leave her beloved homeland behind .
Just after saying farewell to her homeland , she had met an old woman .
The woman had smiled to Alice and had given her some words of advice , " Young girl , you will lose something important to you .
But do n't worry , as long as you 're willing to regain it , no matter what it takes , you will find it again " .
Alice had looked on in confusion as the woman had been walking away .
Many years had passed .
Alice had decided to return to her homeland .
However , when she had arrived , there had n't been anything but a barren desert .
Her family and her homeland had disappeared .
But , just as hope almost disappeared , she had remembered the words of the old lady .
And so , she had looked around to find a way .
Then she had found a gate nearby .
As unbelievable as it seems , it had been a gate of time .
She , without any hesitation , had gone through the gate .
The feeling of the end of her great journey through time .
She went for her last journey .
The first thing she saw was a young girl .
She looked at her and was instantly reminded .
That girl , indeed , was Alice herself in her youth .
More specifically , it was Alice when she was starting her journey .
She instantly knew that her homeland must be nearby .
She then said the same words as the old lady she had met long ago .
And finally , she went on to her destination , her beloved homeland .
The year was 2012 , and I had n't written anything until that day - I just had been translating some stories and , once , even subtitles for a Korean movie from English and Spanish .
It sounded like a quite good challenge for me , so after finishing the then lessons , I quickly sat down and started writing .
And when I wrote down the last sentence I immediately sent it to the stated email address .
For the first days I was a little bit nervous , but day by day , I started forgetting about any competition .
But a month ago , my mobile phone started to ring .
An unknown number .
I picked up and heard a nice woman 's voice .
And the more I won competitions , the more proud was I of myself .
Disassembling games , building things of wood and playing Lego were my favorite hobbies .
When I was in secondary school , and my friends were dreaming of be Doctors or Dentists , I decided that I will be an electrical engineer or mechanical engineer , so I entered the scientific branch .
After searching and asking , I found Germany has numerous prestigious technical universities , and it offers a great study atmosphere for foreign students and supports them in many ways .
Moreover , Germany is one of the biggest industrial countries in the world and it has many huge factories .
Additionally , the living costs are quite affordable .
For those reasons , I am convinced that Germany is the best country to complete my study abroad in .
I have been working as a teacher of mechanical materials in a vocational school since my graduation .
I really like this profession and how good it feels to spread science and knowledge to new generations .
I have been looking for a while for a suitable university to apply to .
I read about TU - Clausthal and I decided to apply to it for many reasons .
Second , TU - Clausthal has a very good rating in engineering at many websites like ranking.zeit.de .
Third , TU - Clausthal gives conditional admission and it has a language center .
Finally , TU - Clausthal is located in fascinating nature .
my view is that , nowadays , English is an important language that it is necessary for almost everyone , so I will choose to learn English first .
In addition , English is not too difficult to learn .
One of the subjects at school is English .
Therefore , we have to study it , and when we finish school we usually continue improving our English before learning another one .
All things considered , I think that English is the easiest option when you want to study a language .
Digital advertising ; an exciting but undesirable business
It is indisputable that advertising has become a permanent fixture in our daily lives .
Once a curious novelty that was largely considered a harmless addition to our sometimes dull and overly familiar environment , it was welcomed as fun and informative .
It was also - if one wished to do so - relatively easy to ignore .
But we have now entered a new era of the attention - grabbing business : its digitalisation .
Researchers say that an average adult in the developed world is now exposed to hundreds of commercial messages every day .
Those involved in this lucrative business are in awe of the almost endless possibilities that recent technological advances offer them .
Imagine a world without adverts , for a week at least .
Would it be bleak and boring and leave us at a loss as to what to buy , or might it just turn out to be a long yearned for respite ?
Dear Chairman ,
I am writing with regard to the campaign that you are promoting in favour of an international sports competition that could be hosted in my town .
As a matter of fact , Venice could be a very good candidate for hosting the marathon competition , which will last one day .
Moreover , Venice is one of the most beautiful cultural cities in Italy .
The marathonetscoming before or staying after the competition can take the advantage of visiting the city , which offers a great deal of facilities .
There are two separate communication networks in the city , that of the waterways and that of the narrow streets .
Public water buses and private water taxis run 24 hours a day , although less frequently at night .
The main centre can be reached very easily .
Despite the private service is very expensive , it is efficient .
Hotel receptions and travel agencies are always ready to help their guests with a wide range of information on the city 's entertainments , exhibitions and so on .
Sightseeing and excursions with private local guides are available on request .
In addition to this , there is a significant lack of evening entertainments in the city , such as theatres , cinemas and night - clubs .
On the contrary , participants will find a wide range of restaurants , trattorias and bars with a good selection of menus suggesting local food .
Some of these restaurants can be quite expensive .
In conclusion , I think there will be no obstacles and objections to host this sporting competition in my town , which , on the other hand , is also a cultural event for many of the participants .
Yours faithfully
Hey Paul
The concert I helped at was amazing !
I helped with catering for the staff and during the concert I was free to walk around wherever I wanted because they gave me a security badge .
I just had to make sure nobody was hungry or thirsty .
This also meant I was allowed to go backstage and take care of the bands .
The support act was a rather unknown band but they were really good .
Did I tell you who the headliner was ?
I do n't think so .. .
It was NICKELBACK !
Their setlist was extremely good .
They played all of their famous songs and added some new ones .
After the show , I had the chance to meet the band members .
Chad Kroeger gave me their new CD and the entire band signed it for me .
The guys were really nice !
I had an amazing time , too bad you could n't be there .
Hope to see you soon .
Valerie
Hello Jane !
My name is Lorin and I am 13 years old . I live in Djursholm at Riddarvägen 42 , close to a field .
I was born on August 4 at the hospital in Danderyd .
Novalie is 10 years old and Edvard is 6 years old .
In my spare time I like to be with friends and I do also play soccer , dance and ski .
I really like to do sports because I like to be outside .
Once every year , I ski with my ski club ( Täby slalomklubb ) in Switzerland .
In Switzerland we have been to Saas fee and Zermatt .
It is a very cool mountain .
I do also ski with my family and that is the best .
I like slalom because it goes fast and I like snow .
In the summer holidays , my family and I just to be at the vest seaside on a small island called Kålhuvudet .
That is one of our summerhouses . I love to be there because when we are there we swim in the ocean and we fish for crabs and just have a really fun .
You can , of course , see the ocean and it is very beautiful .
Something else I like to do is shopping .
My parents call me a shopaholic and I almost agree . I like it because it is fun to look at clothes and try them on .
I like fantasy and that book is fantastic .
Now you know what my favourite book is , so you can almost guess what my favorite movie is … Of course , Harry Potter .
I do n't see movies only , I look at some series to .
For example , Pretty little liars and Modern Family .
Pretty little liars is a little bit scary , but I like it .
One band I like is One direction . I think they sing really good .
When they were in Sweden , I was on their concert and after that my voice were almost gone .
But there was really fun to be there , but is what pretty cold , because on friends arena the roof was open .
My favourite food is sushi or a fillet of beef with potatoes and béarnaise sauce .
I like beef and my favourite is a fillet of beef with béarnaise sauce , it is a very good combination .
My favourite restaurant is a restaurant called dahlboms in Åre , because they have the best spaghetti bolognese ever .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake , because the door could n't be opened again .
He was trapped .
Michael was very anxious and he did n't know what to do anymore .
The room was really dark and Micheal could n't see anything .
Then suddenly Micheal felt something under his foot .
It was a hammer .
Micheal tried to hit the door with the hammer , but it was useless because that door was made of steel .
Snugly Micheal heard steps coming towards to him .
Micheal was really scared and he closed his eyes .
Micheal was stuck in nowhere .
Suddenly Micheal felt pain in his chest .
The pain became stronger and stronger .
He started crying because there was nothing he could do about it .
At the moment Micheal wanted to die , he saw a light coming from beyond .
He started running towards the light .
The moment he reached the light , everything changed .
He did n't feel anything .
He could fly around .
Micheal felt something shaking him .
He was really confused because he thought he was dead .
Suddenly , Micheal opened his eyes and he realized it was just a weird dream .
Smiles and Sounds at Charity Fun Day
This year 's Charity Fun Day was brilliant and we raised lots of money .
It was an amazing event !
Several student bands played and a variety of food was available !
Everything started on Saturday afternoon on the main square in Krakow .
The number of people exceeded my expectations !
There were a lot of them .
The weather was fantastic : the sun was shining and birds were singing .
Generally , bands played great , but , of course , there were also terrible singers in the competition - but it did n't matter so much .
As we know , this type of event ca n't take place without food .
On a Charity Fun Day , the air was filled with the fabulous smells of Indian , Italian and many other world cuisine .
Also , I 'd recommend delicious homemade ice cream .
It was a fantastic experience , especially for the people for which it was intended .
If you 're looking for a really good day out , come to next year 's Charity Fun Day .
You wo n't be disappointed .
Dear Jane ,
I 'm so sorry that it took me so long to reply , but I had to move out of my parents ' house last week .
It must be awful for you .
To be honest , I 've never understood why you enjoy boxing anyway .
It 's brutal and I 'm always worried about you .
And this sport ... I 'm surprised you can still play piano after all those accidents you 've had .
And you know how much I love your music .
It 's calming , beautiful and somehow suits you .
So if I were you , I 'd go for music classes .
Having said that , I also must admit that I know how hardworking you can be .
So I believe , if you really want to pursue both , you can do it and I 'll support you no matter what .
I hope I helped you a bit .
And tell me more about that guy you met last month !
You 've been suspiciously quiet about that recently .
Best wishes ,
Daria .
About six months later , I joined a computer class for kids in the same location that I took the English classes and since then , my love for computers and the language has just grew .
I am currently an intern on a scientific research program in a group called GALP - Logical Programming Teaching Group , that , with the local city hall of Araraquara , aims to transform the city into a national technology , research and software producing center , accomplishing this goal by teaching logical thinking and alghoritms to kids , diminishing future evasion in many exact sciences courses .
To bring back from this exchange technical knowledge in programming , as well as new methods of teaching , would be outstanding .
In Brazil , there is a huge lack of professionals on the field of information technology in both academic institutions and the work market , travelling abroad , especially in the U.S. , would qualify me in both areas .
Although I prefer the academic field , working in a company related to software design and creation would be a marvellous way of gaining experience in the field .
I would be happy too , if , by any chance , I could apply to summer jobs or internships , as another way of gaining experience .
Working as an intern at an information technology company or as a teacher 's assistant would provide me with a good example of how the market work for both academic and work careers .
In conclusion , I want to study in the U.S. for it 's differentiated educational system , for the work and research opportunities that I might find , to know better a culture that amazes me for its capacity to innovate in all fields , to become fluent in a language that I love , to return to my country with more knowledge in areas that I would not find here , and , in the long - term , become a better professional or teacher , with a good and solid background on computer sciences , information technology and finally , system analysis and development .
I am writing to inform you about the most beautiful places and interesting buildings in Vilnius .
There are many places to visit , but the most beautiful is Traku castle .
It is a very popular pace to visit among tourists .
I think that a group of overseas students must see it .
This castle is very old and it is surrounded by water .
It is very beautiful and there are many interesting things to see in this castle .
This castle consists of many buildings and even underground tunnels .
In the yard of the castle you will see some cannons and other guns .
Moreover , there are many souvenirs sellers , so you could buy something .
I hope that you will visit Traku castle while staying in Vilnius .
Yours faithfully ,
Rasa
Installations are usually placed in big spaces because they have an important structure with the main task of making people reflect on something important that the artist needs to communicate to the biggest number of people .
Personally , I have seen only one " installation art " .
The second , in the centre of the stand , was a column made of coloured plastic baskets , surrounded by plastic bottles .
The artist wanted to represent the difference between the ecological recycling of plastic compared to the common collection of trash .
Seeing it for the first time , it was impossible to understand the meaning of the column or the pile .
Despite their beauty , new form of arts are very complicated to understand , especially compared to the classical arts .
At first sight , those paintings evoke an emotion in the observer , and the name of the piece helps to have a complete knowledge of the masterpiece .
On the other hand , looking at an installation art , it is harder to have a clear emotion at the first sight without knowing the meaning of it or something about the artist .
In conclusion , I think that all forms of art are made for the same reason , to communicate something .
In my opinion , the difference between installation arts and classical arts stands in the feeling that they can suscitate in the audience .
I would like to work at the summer camp this year .
My name is Melissa , I am 14 years old and I can speak English . I love summer camps because you learn so much in them and have wonderful experiences too .
Looking after children is one of my favorite things to do and many people tell me I am good at it .
I took cooking classes last year , so I can also work in the kitchens .
I think it is very important for children to have fun in the summer camps .
And they need someone to help them and guide them through it all .
Kindest regards , Melissa
Feel the wind !
Kitesurfing - this sport discipline is getting more and more popular , not only in countries such as Australia , Turkey or Egypt , but also in other ones , just like Poland or Germany !
Everyone who has ever stood on a surfboard and tried to catch the wind with a kite knows how wonderful it is .
When I tried kitesurfing by myself for the first time , I was a little bit scared . "
How difficult it is ! " - that was my very first thought while seeing some surfers on the Baltic sea in Poland .
But believe me - there 's nothing to worry about !
Despite the fact that it seems hard , kitesurfing is one of the easiest water sports !
If you just learn how to keep a control of your body when standing on a surfboard and how to steer a kite , there 's nothing that seems hard any more .
My only advice is : go to the seaside , find a nice camp for surfers with a good instructor , and enjoy your moments of freedom !
Dear Paul ,
It was great to hear from you .
I 'm sorry I haven't written sooner , but a lot is going on in my life now .
Last month , I helped at Adele 's concert at the Royal Albert Hall .
It was a dream come true .
She 's my favourite singer .
Before the concert , I had to sweep up the whole hall .
During the concert , I was responsible for supervision of sort - out in the toiletes .
After the concert , I saw Adele , and my friend took a picture of me with her !
Can you imagine that ?
I wish I could do it again .
Apart from that , I 'm going to help at Coldplay 's concert in two months .
I hope , it wo n't be my last job at a concert .
Anyway , I must go now .
I ca n't wait to hear from you .
Tell me everything about your new girlfriend .
Write soon .
Lots of love ,
Ala.
As I said earlier , I graduated from High School , which was a huge relief .
The students were mean and the teachers did n't like me at all .
So on the day the vacation started I was the happiest I 've ever been .
Thus came the question of what I was going to do next , but I was n't ready to make that descission back then , so with the agreement of my parents , I decided to take a gap - year .
Which was the best thing that ever happened to me .
I was extremely nervous about a week before my departure .
As my departure came closer , I started to question myself more and more if this was a good idea and if I would have a good time , all those things .
On the big day I must say that I kind of felt numb , I did n't know what to think and what to feel .
It is amazing !
When I got to the door , I realised suddenly that something was wrong . I anxiously turned and looked at the window .
It was slightly open .
I felt cold sweat on my back .
I was sure that I had n't left the window open .
So who had … ?
I had been staying at home for five days , I was n't really willing to see other people .
Maybe I have gone mad ?
I stared blankly at the window , unable to move .
All of a sudden , my phone rang .
It was my best friend .
" Laura ?
Are you okay ?
We haven't talked for ages " , she said .
It was reassuring to hear a familiar voice .
I had been feeling so lonely for a long time .
Before I made it to tell something , I heard a terrible scream and my friend just hung up .
I felt cold sweat again , just like five minutes ago when I 'd seen the open window .
After a little while , I heard a hoarse voice coming from the room with the open window . "
Laura ?
Come here .
It was my best friend 's voice .
We limit the number of houses and the number of people living in those houses , because more people would mean we have to clear vast expanses of land for housing , which would mean a reduction in the number of trees and a deathblow to the natural balance .
We also see that people adhere to the norms when they build new houses and do n't encroach on any public lands .
We encourage people commuting to nearby places to walk or use a bicycle , depending on the distance and those going to the same areas outside the town to join car pools .
Each year , we encourage school - going children to plant trees to teach them the importance of trees in safeguarding our environment , so that they can grow up to be responsible towards the environment .
Besides this , we often visit our neighbouring towns and educate them on the issues of global warming , the threat to ecological balance etc . , and guide them on how to protect our environment .
My name is Michael Freeman and I 'm twenty - nine years old .
I was a paramedic in the first place , but then I wanted to change something in my life and combined it with my hobby , which is going to the gym , and became a security guard .
With these experiences , I can safely escort people , which are knocked out or a bit ill and ca n't stand the concert anymore , out of a concert and help them .
I have a degree in English and I can speak German and Spanish fluently .
I haven't got a family so I am independent and able to work wherever I can .
I feel I have the right experiences and attitude to be a great member of the crew and I hope you will consider my application favorably .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Michael Freeman
I like almost all kinds of sports .
Maybe it 's because , in basketball , you have to run a lot and you have to be really fast , and my second favourite sport is running .
And truly , who cares ?
If you enjoy this sport , just do it and nothing else matters !
Being famous seems to be the best thing that can happen to us .
But no matter how fabulous it looks , it brings some consequences and even problems .
One of the biggest disadvantages of being popular is that they are on everybody 's lips .
The public loves to know everything about their idols and they always try to find out some spicy details .
For example , when a popular film star goes to hospital because of his relative 's illness , reporters and photographers in particular should stay away and leave the celebrity alone .
Even though they are well known , they have a right to have a free time and they should be albe to use it however they want to , without anyone disturbing them .
We should respect other people 's right to privacy and let them live their own lives .
In the Romantic Age , we can find another important subject based on the concept of nature : the sublime .
It is associated with strong emotions caused by natural spectacles , like hurricanes , waterfalls or starry sky .
The sublime inspired many writers , likeW. Wordworth and S. Coleridge , who had a conception of it as the feeling brought by the view of infinite spaces , like the desert , sky or ocean .
Also , Coleridge had a concept of the sublime , but for him it was associated with infinite spaces and the sense of perdition and suspense .
I am writing in order to apply for the position of summer camp assistant .
I am very familiar with the tasks and rules that need to be respected in a summer camp , as I have been one in a previous summer camp within St John 's Ambulance .
It was an amazing and very instructive summer camp and I must say that I am the proud owner of the captain camp assistant badge .
It was in my duty to make sure everything was running smoothly , according to the program , and I had to supervise and direct the other assistants if any problems should occur .
I have been volunteering for St John Ambulance for 6 years now and I can say that it is a truly amazing and eye - opening experience .
Thank you for taking the time to read my application and I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Ms Magpie
The art of making a good impression .
An old saying goes ' You never get a second chance to make a first impression ' .
That 's always important when you meet someone for the first time , but especially when you come to a job interview .
Dress to impress
You should dress appropriately for the job that you want to get .
Men should wear a suit and a tie , and women should wear an appropriate blouse and skirt or pants .
Everyone should have clean hands and fingernails .
You should take no bags or backpacks along when you come to the interview .
Manners & Behavior
When you first meet the interviewer , shake his or her hand firmly .
Then you should thank the interviewer for the invitation .
Whatever happens , you should smile and keep cool .
If you are asked about yourself , you should n't tell your biography or something that has been written in your CV .
Instead of that , you should show that you have experience or specific education in the area .
Try to avoid using filler words such as " like " , or " um " because they tell the interviewer that you 're nervous .
Dos & Don'ts
Do n't be late .
Do n't talk too much or too quickly .
Never use monosyllabic answers .
Do n't hesitate to ask questions .
Switch off your cellphone .
Maintain eye contact .
Relax and enjoy the moment .
Going on a job interview can be a stressful experience for even the most job seekers , but if you use these tips , the first impression of you will be positive .
Good luck !
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in response to the article about friendship that was published in your magazine .
I would like to share my feelings about a particular friendship that is highly important to me and , furthermore , evaluate the reasons why it is especially complicated to maintain long - lasting friendships in any situation .
First of all , as far as special friendships are concerned , I must say that I am not a person who makes friends easily , consequently , I do not have a large circle of friends .
However , I can portray a unique relationship that I have with a generous and warmhearted person .
Although it is true that this is not a long - term friendship , I can admit that I have found a true friend .
Throughout this friendship , I have been given the support , the affection and the confidence to pursue my dreams .
On the other hand , friendship is a two - way street where you receive and give back the same favors and , naturally , I enjoy doing so .
I value this friendship and it is of great importance to me because it is a balanced , one of a kind relationship .
Secondly , I would like to say that maintaining friendships over time entails strenuous effort .
A justification for this may be the fact that , over the years , people change and grow apart .
For this reason , not all childhood friends grow older as close confidants , simply because they are not the same people as they were before .
As you gradually grow up , your world expands , your personality changes and so do your acquaintances .
However , the natural process of aging is not the only change we undergo , but there are others such as enrolling in school , getting our first job or changing the old one , travelling or moving to another city .
All this situations may impede us to stay in touch with old friends , but , on the other hand , can give us the opportunity to make new ones .
To summarize , I would like to say that even thought we are incapable to remain on friendly terms with everyone , we should know that the process of socializing is one of the factors what makes us human and we should always embrace it .
Yours faithfully ,
Allison Green
Viña del Mar is a wonderful city on the west coast of Central Chile and boasts a number of shopping facilities and different sorts of attractions for tourists of all ages .
There are several shopping centres in different areas of the city .
The biggest and best one is the Marina Arauco Shopping Centre , located on 15 Norte St. It has two anchor department stores , Almacenes Paris and Almacenes Ripley , one at each end of the mall which is two blocks long .
There are four floors , each of which contains different departments of the anchor stores , and a number of small shops which sell a variety of products .
On the top floor , there is a multi - cinema complex , offering several options of the latest movies .
Nearby there is also a large supermarket and a home store which offers products for building purposes , also connected to a shopping gallery .
This street runs from the Viña Square towards the sea for about six or seven blocks , and has many small shops and businesses which attract a lot of people .
There is a parking meter system , which is not very cheap , compared to the shopping mall parking , and it can be difficult to find parking nearby .
There are several supermarkets and two anchor shops at one end of the street , which are convenient shopping venues for people who live in the city centre .
There are also other areas in Viña del Mar where groups of shops have concentrated so as to offer facilities to residential areas , also convenient for people who live in the surroundings .
How my town takes care of the environment :
Introduction :
What do people do with their rubbish ?
We also count on the following services :
1 .
A team of professional cleaners responsible for keeping the streets clean , scheduled every four hours and divided by areas .
2 .
Conclusion :
Dear Summer Camp Director ,
Hi , my name is Emma . I 'm 16 years old and I believe that I would be perfect for this summer job .
Although I like playing with kids of all ages , I think that I will have more things to do with the kid between the ages of 8 - 10 , because I find myself more open with kids between those ages .
As the summer camp requires , I could honestly help with anything :
-Looking after children aged 8 - 12 .
-Help organise sports and evening activities .
-Work in the kitchens .
They announced that the Big One earthquake would occur that afternoon at 7:00 PM approximately , so they alerted that people had to leave the city or go to save places in the next few hours .
From that moment , there was panic and chaos all over the city .
Peter 's father was the mayor of Los Angeles , so he had to calm down and inform the people regularly .
Peter and his father were very busy solving the problems of neighbours and it took them some hours .
They finished the work when it was 6:30 , so they had to leave the city quickly or they would die .
Finally , when they were in the car , Peter turned round and he saw a little boy in the road calling for help .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
I have really enjoyed SAWAN 2015 , and I would definitely participate in it again .
Narwal Ji has supported me throughout the preparation of this program .
As someone who hasn't sung classical before and has no background in Hindi Singing , I found it very confronting to sing at a concert after only four months of training .
However , Narwal Ji has taught me from the basics of Indian singing , to being someone able to sing on stage in front of a large audience .
He has given me a large amount of motivation , which led me to come all the way from Canberra to Melbourne to perform in this concert .
In addition to this , the night was beautifully organised and each performance was professionally executed .
An original mix of cultures were represented consistently .
Overall , the entire night was shown nicely and was entertaining for everyone watching .
There was no time left to be bored !
Dear sir ,
First I would like to thank you for your interest in our little town , and we will guarantee you a very warm welcome on the day of your arrival .
We will take great pleasure in helping the students to get around and feel at home in their accommodation .
Away from busy and noisy roads , the beautiful old inner city reflects what Brussels really was for centuries ; small but cosy cobblestone streets flanked by small houess and shops in light colours and with old - fashioned roofs .
In our opinion , the area around the Grand Place is the most beautiful part of the centre of Brussels and what really attracts so many visitors worldwide each year .
We would gladly share our excitement about the Grand Place with your students , so that they can immediately get acquainted with it as a very enjoyable place to go to .
We hope to receive a positive answer soon , and again , I thank you for your time and interest .
Hi Mark ,
as you already know , I 'm from a little town , Kętrzyn .
Last summer I decided to do something more than just relax and have fun , so I started to look for an interesting summer job .
Like I previously said , Kętrzyn is a rather small town , so there is only one old movie theatre and it 's closed for most the time .
Because of that , there are no regular employees , so at the beginning of every summer new season stuff is hired .
So I decided to give it a try and I applied for that job .
It was the best summer ever .
You know how much I love watching movies , especially in small and cosy movie theatres .
My duties were pretty simple .
Selling tickets , snacks and drinks , cleaning the place after and before the shows , so work itself was n't the exciting part .
There is only one auditorium , so I was busy just between the shows and sometimes , for family shows , there was a 15 minutes break in the middle of the show , for the kids to use the toilet or buy more snacks and drinks .
When my work there came to an end , I was happy , but on the other hand , I felt some kind of sadness too .
On the other hand , I was sad to leave that job .
This place really stole my heart and I miss its atmosphere , regular visitors and the people I worked with .
I 'm planning to work there for the next summer too .
As you can see , my summer was great .
How about yours ?
I remember you were saying something about planning to go to India .
How was the trip ?
I bet it is an interesting story .
I look forward to hearing from you ,
Maciej
Dear Ms Leung ,
Re : Application for Primary 1
Thanks for granting our daughter , Cheung Tsz Huan , the first interview held on 27 September 2014 .
Further , this has extended to the secondary school .
Our elder daughter , Tsz Yin , who is currently in Form 4 of St. Paul 's Co - educational College Secondary School ( " SPCC " ) , greatly enjoys her school life and , at the same time , has achieved good results in the past three years .
She highly recommends your school to Tsz Huan and us .
And she has written a letter to you asking you for granting Tsz Huan an opportunity to grow up in the family of St Paul 's .
It goes without saying , we would like to provide the best we can for the development of our children - Tsz Yin and Tsz Huan .
To enhance our parent - child relationship and facilities our understanding of her school and social life , we participate in the kindergarten 's volunteer group .
We regularly go to parks , libraries , museums , visit the countryside together , and occasionally go on family holidays overseas .
Tsz Huan is a lively , cheerful and curious girl .
She enjoys reading , performing arts , including painting , dancing , music and sports , swimming in particular .
Her teachers have complimented her as being focused , creative and eager to learn .
As the parents of Tsz Huan , we are keen to work with the school and be part of their development .
Tsz Yin very much cherishes her experience at St. Paul 's and we sincerely hope that Tsz Huan can have the opportunity to benefit from the quality education your school provides .
Thank you for your kind consideration .
Yours sincerely ,
The line graph illustrates the amount and type of fast food eaten by teenagers in Australia between 1795 and 2000 .
As an overall trend , it is clear that consumption of fish and chips decreased over the period while the amount of pizzas and hamburgers eaten increased during the same period .
In 1975 , the consumption of fish and chips was ten times higher than the consumption of the other two types of fast food .
Then , there was a slight increase to about 95 times per year in 1985 .
After that , this trend kept falling and reached the lowest point in 2000 ( just under 40 times that year ) .
In contrast , the consumption of hamburgers and pizzas started at about 10 times for hamburgers and 5 times for pizzas in 1975 , and then rose constantly until it reached approximately 100 times and 85 times , respectively , in 1995 .
It then levelled off during the next 5 years .
The purpose of this literature review is to provide the clear picture about the motivation and business strategy of entrepreneurs in their start - ups .
Firstly , the review of literature will define the word " entrepreneurship " in a business context .
Thirdly , the current opportunities and challenges of the Vietnamese Food market will be reviewed , coming together with the literature of Vietnamese entrepreneurs ' motivation .
Finally , the problems facing and business strategy will be introduced and explored .
The conceptual framework will conclude the literature review and open up the subjects which this thesis will explore .
For the work at the Green Pepper Cafe .
Hello , Mrs Ashby . I want to work in your cafe .
I think the job would be perfect for me .
My free time only allows me to work at weekends , which is why your place is perfect for me , and I also love the food there and people are always nice .
The place is very near where I live , and I 've worked in a lot of Cafes before , but unfortunately , I had to leave them for school and college .
I know how to deal with people , I 'm very sociable and would try my best to be the nicest person alive .
Work in the Cafe will also allow me to meet people from the neighborhood , which is very important for me right now , since I just moved in .
I can show all my recommendation letters from my previous jobs , but I 'll say right now that they all say good things about me .
I do n't want to look like a jerk , that 's not it .
I really work hard .
I take my jobs seriously and try my best to never let my bosses down .
I try to never let my personal problems interfere in my professional life , and if it does some day , I would ask you to tell me , so I can change .
I think you will like me .
I 'm very eclectic , but also fierce where I should be .
I always have respect for my bosses and , of course , clients .
I really want this .
It would mean so much to me .
I 'm totally free at weekends , so I can work long hours , plus I live very near and could help in some emergency if you need someday .
I will never miss a day , unless it is very important , you can be sure of that .
I may not know how to cook the usual food from the cafe , but I am a fast learner . I will only need one day to get used to the food and learn how to practise at home , and then it 's up to me to find a way to be good at it .
I 'll take my time to practise everything I can at home .
I could say that I am a funny person , but that would be a lie .
I 'm not .
My father said one day that , as a humorist , I 'm a very good singer , and I do n't even sing .
I 'll be nice , though .
I 'll make them love me .
I hope you can give me a chance to show how much I want this job .
Yours , Geédes .
However , Vianne must learn to solve her own problems and change the course of her own life .
One of the strengths of the film is its star - studded cast : Juliette Binoche as Vianne , Alfred Molina as the mayor , Judi Dench as a grumpy , elder woman resented with the oppressing society of the village , and a young Johnny Depp as a handsome gypsy arriving in town with his caravan .
Each and every one of the roles is beautifully written and the actors do n't fail in bringing them to life .
Besides the cast , I would like to highlight the original soundtrack .
Had it not been written in the year 2000 , but today , I am sure that this story would have been turned into a successful TV series in which we could have learnt more about the past and the future of those fantastic characters .
All in all , this is a gripping , moving , and entertaining film that will make you reflect on some social issues .
Michael Clifford was a lucky man who had everything he could ever want : he was a thirty - year - old English businessman married to a sophisticated mathematician with whom he had two sons and a pretty , talented daughter ; he owned a successful corporation and had a gorgeous chalet near the sea .
One night , having ended a meeting with an important sponsor , Michael decided to enter a pub with one of his colleagues in order to celebrate the successful meeting .
Therefore , he proceeded to have some drinks and to enjoy the night .
He took a look at it and saw a message from his wife .
Worried , he opened it and read , in horror , how his wife had had an accident and was in hospital .
He rushed out of the pub , open the car door and went inside , not knowing that he was to die in an accident because of his current state .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Travelling has become a great part of our daily lives , whether we only go to the nearby grocery store or choose to visit our relatives who live in another country .
Modern means of transport are constantly improving , being faster and more comfortable than ever before .
However , it is a wise decision to choose carefully between public and personal transport , because they have both advantages and disadvantages depending on where we want to travel to .
This means they are able to have a flexible schedule .
Another advantage of cars is the fact that they are family friendly , meaning that people who use them do n't have to worry about travelling with strangers who might be dangerous .
On the other hand , cars are not only expensive to purchase , they also require fuel , which is very expensive .
Sometimes it is cheaper to use public transport , such as busses , trains or airplanes , depending on the distance .
Travelling across the Atlatic Ocean , for example , requires an airplane or a ship .
Statistically speaking , car accidents are much more frequent than plane crashes or train accidents , so public transport is not only cheaper sometimes , but it 's also safer and faster .
Airplanes , busses , trains or ships are here to stay because they are more practical in some situations .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Time was ticking by and he knew that if he did n't do it now , he would be in deep trouble , that his social life would be over .
" Tick " .
He seriously needed a break , a few minutes to relax .
" Tock " .
He was getting more and more nervous as the time passed by .
" Tick " .
Time was n't passing fast enough for Peter .
" Tock " .
He knew he was n't going to make it .
" Ring ! " The bell rang .
Peter flew from the classroom and tried to squeeze himself between the multiple students that were evacuating their classes .
All of them anxious to get outside and relax for a few hours , Suffering from an endless punishment : knowledge .
As he got near his destination , the density of students seemed to grow and it was becoming even more difficult for him to advance in that sea of moving bodies .
the bathroom was just a few meters away .
Poland is classed as a country with a hard history and a lot of places remind us remind about it .
Besides their past , we can , fortunately , adore their beauty .
One of these places is , undoubtedly , Kazimierz , the Old Jewish district of Cracow .
First , you should visit the New Cemetery .
It was established in 1800 .
For those who enter , it will be an ' unforgettable ' experience .
Then , you really must visit the synagogues : The Temple Synagogue , Isaac Synagogue , The Tall Synagogue and Remuh Synagogue .
The synagogue is still being used as a place of prayer for the few remaining Jewish people in Cracow or for visitors from Israel or other parts of the world .
For the history lovers , I recommend going to the Historical Museum of The History and Culture of Jewish People .
Inside there is an impressive number of handicrafts , graphics and paintings .
If you are a good browser you may find some original souvenirs of Cracow to take home with you .
I think the Kazimierz is one of the most beautiful places in Poland .
It 's appealing and full of this eerie spirit of the past .
That 's why you must see it !
Specifically , they learn to take responsibility when taking care of pets .
Since that day , I started to take care of it on my own .
I have therefore fostered a sense of responsibility since then .
So , according to my personal experiences , I think that children can benefit from keeping a pet .
Some people might argue that it is always parents who take care of the pets most of the time , instead of children themselves .
Namely , parents always do things for children , such as housework , homework , even taking care of the pets for their children .
Nevertheless , what those people have claimed is a digression from the topic here .
Why children can not learn is because of their parents , not because of the pets .
In other words , taking care of pets is absolutely beneficial to children so long as they are given an opportunity .
Moreover , children can also learn to sympathize with others by keeping a pet , apart from leaning to be responsible .
Thus , keeping pets does enable people to be able to put themselves in others ' shoes .
Given upon my personal experiences , by taking care of pets , children not only can learn to take responsibility , but also can learn to sympathize with others .
On the other hand , if children are not allowed to keep a pet , the parents will have to come up with other ways to make the children both responsible and sympathetic .
We always believe that a city should never compromise the environment for the sake of development .
Not only financial development , but also the environment is essential to a healthy city .
With this belief , we endeavor to keep our city as clean and attractive as possible .
Here , we are proud to report our accomplishments thus far .
We stick to the principle of 3Rs , namely reduce , reuse and recycle .
Reducing waste at source is always our top priority and education is of the utmost importance in this regard .
Nothing is more difficult than changing one 's mindset given people 's inertia .
Hence , we have incorporated the concept of environmental protection into our curriculum so that students can develop an awareness of the matter at a young age .
Different activities , including seminars and exhibitions have been held in different districts to spread the message of environmental conservation across the community .
Public Housing Estate Recycle Competitions have also been held every year to promote the concept of recycling plastic , paper or tin and to help the residents cultivate such a habit in daily life .
We are glad that our work has started to bear fruits in recent years .
Apart from keeping our city clean by reducing waste , we also dedicate ourselves to building a green city .
A tree planting campaign is carried out every year in cooperation with schools , community centres , etc .
With concerted efforts , we have made a great stride in environmental protection in recent years , as seen in the declining number of waste and increasing number of greenery .
We believe we will continue to make progress and make our home a better place to live in .
The round table ' Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations at the modern stage ' in St Petersburg State University .
On April 29 , 2014 , St. Petersburg state University hosted the round table " Russia - Turkey : prospects of relations at the modern stage " .
The event was held on the initiative of the Russian - Turkish Cultural Centre in St. Petersburg .
The questions discussed at the round table : " Moscow - Ankara : a new foreign policy and a new diplomacy " , " Energy cooperation as the core of the strategic partnership of Russia and Turkey in the XXI century " , " Eurasian dialogue : Russia - Turkey - historical and cultural experience of relationships .
Prospects for the future " , " Crimea between Russia , Ukraine and Turkey .
Historical and political analysis " , " Internal policy of Turkey and its impact on Russian - Turkish relations " and other aspects of political , economic and cultural cooperation between our countries .
The international round table was devoted to the study of Russian - Turkish relations .
Among those who delivered a speech at the opening were I.N. Novikova , the Dean of the SPSU School of International Relations and Professor ; V.S Yagja , the Head of the Department of World Politics of the SPSU School of International Relations , Doctor of History and Professor ; A.A. Sotnichenko , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations ; Bekir Günay , Historian and Associate Professor of Istanbul University , the Director of the Eurasian Institute ; Ali Ertuğrul Turkeli , the General Secretary of the Turkish - Russian Cultural Foundation in Istanbul .
Işık Kuşçu , Associate Professor of the Technical University of the Middle East in Ankara , spoke about the Turkish perception of the Russian Diaspora and the Tatars in the Crimea .
A.A. Sergunin , Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations , Doctor of Political Science , gave a speech on the Eastern Partnership of the European Union .
Some issues of regional cooperation between Russia and Turkey were discussed by Irina Svistunova , the Candidate of Historical Sciences and senior researcher of the Russian Institute for Strategic Studies ( RISS ) .
A.A. Sotnichenko , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations , analyzed Turkey 's policy regarding the accession of the Crimea to Russia .
Gumer Isaev , Candidate of Historical Sciences , the Director of the Institute of Russian Studies at the Turkish - Russian Cultural Foundation in Istanbul spoke about the cultural relations between our countries .
The participants answered many questions and heard out comments from the audience .
D.A. Ruschin , Associate Professor of the Department of Theory and History of International Relations of the SPSU School of International Relations drew attention to the problem of the existence of the self - appointed Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus in connection with the return of the Crimea to Russia .
He also referred to the recent action of the Turkish authorities on the sudden introduction of new requirements to the expiration of foreign passports .
Just before the beginning of the mass tourism season in Turkey , it was announced that the passport should be valid at least four months from the date of entry .
Fortunately , Turkey postponed the law coming into force .
During the break , the participants enjoyed traditional Turkish sweets .
People often forget how important it is to help save the environment on a day - to - day basis , yet I believe it is not only the first step , but the most important to public awareness .
Living in a big city , I can cycle to work every day , which I believe is a great way to exercise and reduce my environmental footprint .
However , I believe that it is at home that I contribute most to saving natural resources ; we are , obviously , very careful with turning off the taps as we wash our hands , brush our teeth and so on , and we recycle as much as possible .
Yet , our most rewarding action has been starting a compost .
We feed worms our food and organic waste , which has drastically decreased it .
Moreover , we now use the compost for our garden patch and cacti .
Another good point : we have converted our next door neighbour !
Composting has made us more aware of our waste and the amount of packaging in the items we buy .
I 'd definitely recommend it to everyone , whether they live in a flat or in a house with a garden .
Shopping is not always enjoyable .
We live in the mass consumption century , when it requires more and more time out of our daily routines .
For some , this activity is a torture , for others it is the most pleasurable way of spending free time .
First of all , shopping is unavoidable as it is necessary to shop for food .
It depends on a person how often he goes to buy grocery , probably according to individual needs .
Some people choose bigger supermarkets as they offer a greater variety of goods , but require more time , while others just pop into the closest store and do their shop weekly .
If you have a already made shopping list , it saves your time and energy , so that you do not need to wander between rows in the grocery store .
When it comes to parties , it is even more time consuming and irksome , than the ordinary one .
Moreover , the most annoying is the last stage of buying goods - waiting in queues in order to pay .
Secondly , shopping in supermarkets is extremely irritating before annual celebrations , or during seasonal sales .
Hundreds gather there , parking spaces are full , again facing longest queues in stores - no matter how much unpleasant is souds , it is the reality of nowadays .
Afterwards , some get into their cars and get stuck in traffic jams on the way home , it causes more tension and disimproves your mood !
Finally , it may be very fatigue , as you may waste the precious time just by walking around but not finding the thing you are interested in and need .
Then you feel tired and depressed about the idea of keep on looking for it in another place .
It comes as no surprise that women love shopping .
Although , shopping may be entertaining , it is still a time - consuming and tiresome job .
Being busy and spending time looking for clothes , presents , souvenirs , furniture or healthcare products , especially for women , may be a perfect way of spending even all day .
The letter that changed my life
It all began with my older sister Jennifer , as everything used to begin with her .
Quite understandable , because Jennifer had the most beautiful , big blue eyes as well as thick blonde hair , a magnificent smile and an outstanding shape .
Until we received that remarkable letter , I had always been in her shadow .
Anyway , just before the letter arrived , we were sitting in the living room .
I was doing homework , while Jennifer was posing for the mirror . "
Oh my God , I look absolutely gorgeous in this dress ! , " she shouted . "
Do n't you think I should wear this during the premiere ? "
I had also auditioned , only because my best friends pushed me very hard , and I was 100% sure that I would n't even get a small role in the play .
Then , suddenly , we heard something falling on the doormat . "
She immediately ran to the doormat , ran back to the living room and showed me the envelope in her hands .
I looked up as she opened the envelope .
Jennifer started to read the letter aloud , very excited - at first .
Well done , Carly !
We found your audition amazing .
Unfortunately , your audition was really bad , Jennifer , so we could not give you a role in our play .
Kind regards , The Cornish Drama Club . "
I , and not my sister !
She was n't even given a small role in the play .
The industrial revolution took place in England from the end of the 18th century to the middle of the 19th and it completely transformed this place .
The English economy changed from an agriculture one to an industrial one : in England there was an increase in pollution and also terrible hygienic conditions , the landscape changed a lot and also houses , shops and people .
These strong changes influenced very much the poetry and we can see that , for example , in Blake , because in " The Tyger " he uses a lot of colors referred to the industrial life ( red , orange , silver .. ) and he describes the Tyger 's creator as an artisan that create it on a furnace .
The idea of brotherhood is present also in " I Wandered Lonely as a Cloud " by Wordsworth , because he sees nature , daffodils in this case , as a friend to men .
During the recent thirteen years , the cost of living has been significantly increasing in most countries .
This change makes most people have to work every day , even using their private time , so they need to find out the best way to save their time and fill their energy after work .
Fast food is one of the ways to solve that problem .
This essay will examine some advantages and disadvantages of eating fast food .
There are huge positive effects of eating fast food .
First of all is convenience .
People who have just done their work are very hungry ; they can not go to home and cook their diet meals by themselves but their bodies need to be provided with energy in order to sustain their lives and continue their jobs , so junk food is considered the best way to solve the hunger .
To make it clear , the bosses , who are always busy in their business , usually eat fast food , they go to KFC or Lottie Mart to buy them , they even might get fast food by phone because of fast delivery .
There are numerous stores and restaurants which have junk food built everywhere .
Therefore , finding a good place to buy and enjoy a meal with fast food is not so difficult and it will not take time for people to go back to their work on time .
On the other hand , eating fast food frequently may lead to some negative effects on customer 's health .
Firstly , fast food is unhealthy .
Junk food contains large unhealthy chemicals such as a high percentage of fat and cholesterol , which are the most reasons leading customers to obesity and cancers .
According to scientists , they said that people who usually eat plenty of junk food will have more than 50% of risks to get obese and even die soon .
Finally , there is the loss of traditional meals .
People prefer buying and eating fast food to making a healthy meal .
In conclusion , there are a lot of advantages and disadvantages of fast food .
Facebook is the most popular social networking site of all time .
Within 6 years , Facebook has reached more than 1 billion users and is still growing rapidly .
I would n't consider myself against it , although I am aware of the risks .
First of all , I think Facebook , for example , is a great way for shy people to socialize , because it can boost their self - esteem , considering the fact that they do n't have to meet anyone face - to - face .
It 's also great if we want to manage our friendships , or create new ones .
Social networking sites also benefit those who have " unusual " hobbies or those who have a hard time finding people with similar interests .
On the other hand , we are also exposed to many risks , such as cyberbullying or online predators .
Spending too much time on the internet also has harmful effects on our family lives , because we tend to forget how important it is to spend time with those who love us .
Dear Camp Director ,
I saw the advertisement for a job to work on this summer camp .
I have always wanted to be part of something like this .
I am also very cheerful and energetic , and am very good at organising fun activities .
Working in the kitchen does not seem so bad either , because I know that everything depends on our attitude and if I have a positive attitude . I 'll have a good time no matter if I 'm doing a fun activity or cleaning dishes .
This is certainly true and corresponds with my experience .
Some people do manage to stay in the same place all their lives and even work for the same company , while others are much more mobile in terms of their jobs and homes .
I feel that this can be attributed , in the first instance , to the changing nature of modern societies .
In the past , it was the norm for people to live in a limited geographical area all their lives and be involved in the same type of occupation all their working lives .
There was simply no alternative to this , especially if you lived in an agricultural society .
However , with the rise of industry and specialized companies , it became possible for workers to move jobs , often to places far away .
Following on from this , as a society 's wealth increased , people had skills and training to allow them to be much more selective about which employer they want to work for and choices about how and when they wanted to change the type of job they wished to do .
that people take for granted and regard as perfectly normal .
With the opportunity for change comes choice , although circumstances , economic and personal , can often force people to do what they might not normally choose .
Therefore , it happens that some people want change in their lives but are not able to effect it .
This might be because they have strong obligations to family , might need to look after someone or might simply not have marketable skills to find a livelihood somewhere else .
There are others , of course , who are quite happy to live and work in the same place all their lives because they do not think moving would enhance their lives .
Some are happy to stay put because they would find it very stressful to endure change .
It is perhaps the majority nowadays who find change refreshing because of the new opportunities it holds out and the possibilities of getting on professionally and socially .
For myself , I very much belong to this group .
Even though the boat was ready to go , Jessica was afraid for it to break in pieces again , she almost could foresee that forthcoming heavy rain destroying her boat , so she had an idea .
She was ready to leave , but something inside her was telling her to stay , the boat was very resistant , but not enough to travel for days and maybe weeks across the ocean , she was afraid .
Meanwhile , Jacob is completely in love with that girl he met weeks before , her name was Scarlett , she said that her dad was in the military and was working on a high - tech portable device that will change gravity in low levels and in a short period of time , like a fraction of a second , but it was later suspended because their boss told them it was very dangerous to experiment on and it was going to be very expensive , but as her dad continued with the experiment , his boss got so mad he kicked them from the city into that mysterious island .
Jacob told her again if she wanted to go with him to a better place , but she still denied , until she accepted with only one condition , if all her family could go with them .
Jacob told Jessica if they could leave the island with Scarlett 's family , she was not happy about it , but she said yes .
But they needed to make the boat even more resistant and more rigid so it will support all the family and all the extra food they will need .
Abortion is a controversial issue in our society today .
Contradicting the Pro - choice groups , Pro - life supporters consider terminating any pregnancy unjustifiable .
Even though in some circumstances , such as life - threatening and sexual - abuse pregnancies , it could be the best thing to do .
Hence , every woman must be able to have an abortion as a choice .
The presence of a mother is important in a child 's life , especially in the first few months .
( Lier.l,1988 )
Because of this risk , abortion can be considered an option .
Besides , abortion could also be considered in the case of impregnation as a result of sexual abuse .
Impregnation as a result of sexual abuse is not uncommon and , in these cases , abortion should be a choice .
Recovering is a hard and complicated process and when you add a pregnancy to this equation it just makes it even more painful .
In fact , this is the main reason why sexually assaulted victims choose to have an abortion .
Many victims believe that the additional trauma related to carrying their rapist 's child can be avoided by terminating the pregnancy , and therefore help them put the assault behind them and recover more quickly .
Even though , not all victims will choose to have an abortion , it has to be given as an option .
It is for the person who decides to have coitus to make sure to use an appropriate anti conception .
Undeterred by this , it is still the mother 's decision if she wants to save her own life or carry and care for her rapist 's child .
I am pleased to recommend Dr. Oscar Montés for a teaching position at IHME and the Department of Global Health within the School of Medicine and the School of Public Health at the University of Washington .
I had the opportunity to be a student of and work as a research assistant with Dr. Montés in the same field .
I can definitely affirm that he has excellent teaching skills .
I took the following subjects : Master 's degree final project II , Global Health , and Health Systems under the tutoring of Mr Montés .
Also , in Master 's degree final project II , Dr Montés helped us to accomplish the master 's degree thesis with excellence .
In my work as a research assistant for Dr. Montés , I experienced great learning in many fields , not only in Public Health topics , but also in research methodology , public speaking , and writing .
I witnessed and learn form his ability to work with other faculties , such as Faculty of Medicine , Department of Engineering , Faculty of Economics , and School of Law .
Moreover , we developed projects with multidisciplinary teams for the following institutions : the Colombian Ministry of Health , and the World Bank , with excellent results .
Since he has great expertise in teaching , and is an excellent boss , respectful of the opinion , time , and personal background of everybody .
I think that he will be a great asset for your college .
As a matter of fact , students are often seen as empty pitchers ready to be filled by as many information as they can contain .
Teachers should n't talk about their subjects without caring if their students are really listening to what they 're saying or not , and they should n't let them study just because they must .
Secondly , in his letter , the professor suggests that schools should spend more money on computer equipment .
This is what , in my opinion , must be changed in schools to satisfy the society 's necessities and overcome the old and inappropriate " out - of - date " system .
Should schools spend more on computers and software than on textbooks ?
Nowadays , students can work with computers at school and most of them have one at home .
However , it also has some disadvantages .
Also , in my opinion , young people should not use computers for too much time , because this could be dangerous for their health , appearing sight problems or headaches .
Taking everything into account , in my opinion , every student should have a good encyclopaedia at home because it is much better for their education .
There is a lot of people I admire , starting with my own parents , as they have to work so hard to end lines and to pay the rent as well as their employees and to give us- my brother and me- a good living today and future tomorrow .
When talking about famous people , I usually point out J.K. Rowling .
As a writer - to - be , I admire her work creating a fantastic world of magic and epic as well as dark characters which are recognizable all around the globe .
That is why , in fact , I am a big fan of George R.R. Martin as well .
However , when talking about great achievements , I will always talk about people like Nelson Mandela , Martin Luther King or Rosa Parks .
My fascination about those people is that they fought for their people 's rights , the black race 's rights , in a world of white people treating them as slaves and bullying them .
That is why , nowadays , I feel a huge admiration for Malala Youszafi .
She 's an Indian teenage girl and fights for education all over the world .
And not only for boys but for girls too .
In her country , education for girls was forbidden but she stood up against this situation , going to school and even being shot for that .
But she never stopped .
She never stops .
Because knowledge is the best weapon we have got against those who want to rule us as they want .
Our house is clean and comfortable , me and my family love to spend time at home .
I have two lovely kids .
My elder son is 20 already .
It is the weekend and we are all together today .
Every weekend we leave everything and meet to spend time together , to share news , love and plans .
Sometimes , our kids invite friends and today my son came with his girlfriend .
I am calm and confident .
After all this courses that I 've done , I am wise and do n't talk a lot .
I enjoy every moment and people love to be with me .
Next to me , everybody feel calm and confident . I 've learned a lot in the last 15 years .
And you will hardly recognize the old me .
Every word I say , I say for a reason .
We found a way to help a lot of people to live a happy life and enjoy what they have .
It is my birthday tomorrow .
The day when I am proud of myself , happy to look back and curious to look forward .
If you 've been following my blog , you 'll know that I 've been on a journey of discovery and creation concerning using technology to create materials and using technology to teach .
I was excited to get back into the classroom , I would mainly teach online today , and try out some of my new skills on a group .
I checked the equipment : I had a computer and projector , both in good working order , a fast internet connection and a full class .
I was ready and raring to go .....
As soon as the lights went out , the atmosphere changed in the classroom and I felt the tension rise .
One student said that she could n't see well , another student complained that the writing was too small , another felt she was getting too hot from the projector .
The group 's native language is Amharit ; they have all had to learn Hebrew , so English is a third or , for some of them , a fourth language .
I 'd chosen a method of teaching that was not suitable for the group .
This is a group of beginners , the experience of a first lesson with a new teacher is daunting enough , without adding unfamiliar technology and teaching methods .
We 've had three lessons so far and I 'm thoroughly enjoying teaching this group ; it 's a pleasure to teach face - to - face and a challenge to teach adults at this level ; it 's really great to get ' back to basics ' .
This experience has reminded me that although there are many advantages to using technology in the class room , it 's not always appropriate and it 's helped me to establish some equilibrium in my teaching methods .
Instead of creating some online lessons for this wonderful group , I have taken the opportunity to create some new printable materials to hand out in class .
This post will be the first of three on the topic of the Present Simple tense , it contains a printable infographic covering the basics of the Present Simple and two printable worksheets .
Are young people less healthy than they were years ago ?
Nowadays , there is an increasing concern about the health of young people , since there is no doubt that it is getting worse .
As well as that , the lifestyle of our society is pushing us to be more passive .
The reasons could be , firstly , fast food is cheaper and very accessible for young people .
And finally , teenagers may be become more dependent and introverted because of electronic devices such as mobile phones or personal computers .
Actually , it is not complicated to change habits in order to be healthier .
Hi Ben
How are you ? I 'm taking a year off and staying in London for six months , so I hope you can help me if it is n't too much to ask .
I 'd like to find a part - time job but , first of all , I have to find an apartment to live in , so I was wondering if you can look for a small apartment where I can live in ; it would be better if it 's near the underground station and in the city centre so that I can go sightseeing in my free time .
Maybe you would n't mind helping me to find a job .
Would you be so kind as to let me know if there are some restaurants or pubs that need staff ?
I 'm looking for a well - paid job , because I know that houses are expensive in the city centre .
Love , Valeria
Advances in computer science have created a tremendous leap in technical innovations .
One of the most recent outstanding innovations is robotics .
Lavine , Voss and Coontz ( 2007 ) define robotics as the combination of " automation with action and at times a considerable amount of mobility " which is " becoming more and more humanoid"(p .
1083 ) .
The more computer science influences human 's lives , the more important a status robotics has in the field of engineering .
However , today , it is used in more fields , such as medical treatment , elderly - nursing and archaeological studies , as well as education .
This essay will discuss the current social consequences of robotics in the area of education , and then conclude by commenting on its possible future implications .
In the first place , robotics activity could provide learners with real situations which are related to irrelative courses , especially in scientific and medical ones .
Tanzawa et al . (
The result indicated that although the patients were merely robots , out of 98 candidates , only 22% of students correctly gave the diagnoses .
Second , robotics can be taken advantage of to make studying and teaching effective and efficient .
The University of Southern Denmark organized an experiment , which aimed to examine how well robotics techniques named I - BLOCKS ( a modular electronic building block system ) could do on language tests .
Surprisingly , the result illustrated that these robots can not only put words in the right order grammatically , but also recognise whether a sentence is correct or not .
Furthermore , the I - BLOCKS application could also build structures of robots which are smart to react to their surroundings , and build binary expression to calculate in real - time and show both final results and sub - results ( Lund , Marti , & Palma , as cited in Nielsen & Lund , 2008 ) .
With the help of robotics , like I - BLOCKS , students and teachers might spend less time on studying , and some sophisticated processes are simplified as well .
Nevertheless , robotics is not that satisfying because it is complicated to operate , which is always the reason why operators are distracted .
Two groups of participants were asked to do a suture - tying task and a secondary task with distraction , such as decision - making , memory - task .
They are Group A : ten medical students aged 19 - 27 who only had general knowledge about surgery , and Group B : four experienced surgical postgraduates .
Moreover , in the task with distraction , the experienced group was 1/3 - 1/2 faster in analyzing .
Today , more people , not only in the field of education , but also in different fields , have made use of robotics as tools to deepen their exploring and studying .
To a country , robotics could be a new weapons for the future technological wars .
Because of its unlimited potential , robotics will be used far more widely in the future .
However , the disadvantages of robotics and some social or ethical problems should be considered carefully while robotics is contributing to human 's lives .
In conclusion , with technology and computer science developing , the application of robotics widens from scientific research to a variety of fields now .
Besides its influences on education , robotics has an effect on medical treatment , nursing and even design to future war as well .
Even though robotics brings more beneficial consequences and advantages than its disadvantages , its shortcomings still should not be neglected and more scientific research should be done to improve the application of robotics .
Is there no future for public transport ?
It directly depends on the city in which you live but , as time goes by , public transport becomes more and more necessary .
Living in a big city is always a big challenge .
You usually have to commute to work and it takes you several hours per week to get to your office .
Besides , it offers you spare time to read and listen to music , provided you can find a seat and have a calm trip .
Public transport is so necessary in big cities that the car industry is continuously developing new means of transport .
Not only can customers choose a wide range of transport to commute in , but they can also discover technologies that are not available for private purposes .
On the other hand , public transport is not so accepted in small villages , as it is not possible to offer a wide range of services and timetables .
In any case , public transport is far from having no future .
On the contrary , it should widen its goals and continue offering new services for the time being .
There are so many nice places in Russia .
They are scattered across the city .
Every place has its own distinct features .
Some places have scenic beauty in abundance , while many are famous for their architectural wonders .
In addition , every person has different tastes , choices and preferences .
I have visited many historical and tourist places in many countries , like Belgium , Great Britain , Spain and others .
It is the most beautiful place I have ever seen in Moscow .
Nowhere expresses Moscow , Russia 's vast and ancient capital , like Red Square .
An enormous 400 by 150 metres , Red Square lies in the centre of Moscow and on its four sides stand the Kremlin , GUM ( Department Store ) , the State Historical Museum and the Cathedral of the Protection of Most Holy Theotokos ( aka St. Basil 's Cathedral ) ; centres of government , commerce , history and religion .
The square is also home to Lenin 's tomb , a granite mausoleum to the revered founder of Socialism .
The must - see place is St. Basil 's Cathedral , the beautiful architectural symbol of Russia .
It includes domes , cupolas , arches , towers , and spires and is sure to inspire you every bit as much in real life as in the photos .
At the northern end of the square you will find the State History Museum with its huge collection of artefacts charting Russia 's past right back to the stone age .
All these and many more , like its cultural places , famous streets connected to the square and gorges as well as old buildings make it the " spirit of Moscow " .
Indeed , the beauty of Moscow is enchanting and have a unique spirit .
Compare and contrast Dickens ' and the Brontë sisters ' style of writing .
The main feature of Dickens ' and the Brontë sisters ' style of writing is realism .
All these Victorian novelists use very detailed descriptions of places , people and feelings in order to make their novels as realistic as possible .
Charlotte Brontë uses the same technique in Jane Eyre , her masterpiece .
Finally , in all cases , the stylistic choices are closely linked with the themes they deal with , which always concerned social issues .
Tennis is made of several ingredients : suspense , emotions , physical skills and training are combined with tactics and intelligence .
Athletic performance is definitely enhanced by having a fine physique and natural skills .
Nevertheless , a strong and balanced mind plays a huge role in the game of tennis , as shown by famous tennis champions , like Michael Chang and Justine Henin .
Moreover , tennis can be seen as a metaphor of life .
It is a battle where you can count only on yourself .
Though you might be fighting for a long time and getting tired and tired , you have to search for the strength inside yourself to continue and reach the end of the tennis match .
Tennis also gives a message of hope .
Fate may play a role , but you have still to try and bring out the best of yourself .
Tennis is considered a very individualistic sport .
Although it might look difficult at the beginning , time after time , you will come to realise how tennis will positively impact on your personal well - being .
Dear Chris ,
I 'm glad I ' ve finally heard from you after all this time .
It 's been a long time , so how have you been ?
And how are your wife and kids holding up ?
Anyway , great to hear that you got the job you really wanted and that you enjoy it quite a lot .
I 'm pleasantly surprised by you visiting this part of the country , but let 's have fun together !
However cool to hear that you 're coming to Enschede in a month 's time !
I 'm available whenever you are , so it 's an affable idea to meet up and hang out .
We could go shopping in the city centre , they have some very cool stores that we both will be able to enjoy , even a Primark and I haven't seen some shops anywhere else yet .
They even have a football stadium , so if you want to do that as well , let me know .
If you need a place to stay , I have a guestroom available , but that 's entirely up to you .
I hope I will hear from you soon !
Talk to you later !
Love ,
Marenka
Dear John ,
I 'm sorry it took me so long to reply .
It was very considerate of you to send condolences , so please , have my thanks .
It 's great to hear that you 've found the perfect job .
Last summer I thought I had found it .
It was a small job in the local cinema and my main task was to help people find their places and help them with all the food they had .
Earlier , there have been many accidents with food flying all over the place , because people tripped a lot .
When I was there , I did my job pretty well , and I quite enjoyed it .
Why ?
Because I love talking to people and spending time with them and that job gave me that opportunity .
Also , the staff there was very nice and they wanted me to stay , but I needed more money , so unfortunately , I could n't .
I ca n't wait to hear more about your work , you seemed very excited about it .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
All the best ,
Daria
It was a cold night of November . I was exploring a lost temple with my friend Michael , we have been looking for that temple since our teen years : the temple of the silent cartographer .
The legend says that all the maps of the world are hidden into the temple , protected by a guardian called Soneka the dreamer , he is an ancient warrior and his objective is to kill everyone who tries to steal the maps of the cartographer .
at the entrance of the temple were two statues . The first was white and the second red , the statues were carrying a sword made of gold and diamonds . Those swords were used to fight Soneka and to open the gate of the cartographer , once we passed the sculptures , our objective was to kill the beast and grab the map of the golden city .
Then we heard a big noise coming from inside the temple . It was Soneka . His appearance was glorious ; a big warrior using a golden armor and carrying a big sword , his skills were unmatched , he was faster than the speed of sound . Our only chance was to run to the vault of the cartographer , but only one can pass through the door of the cartographer . Michael decide to stay out the vault . I run into the cartographer 's temple and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Since the concept and preliminary implementation model of the Yiddish Centre was developed in my office , it was expected that World ORT would participate in the project in a few capacities , rather than just including a Yiddish component in our events , subject to the theme .
I think that , as Robert once recommended , we should discuss the whole spectrum of our cooperation , not just the seminars , define the feasible components , and have a WJC - WO MOU on such subject signed .
Please give me or David a call should you wish to discuss this further .
And because history has a way of repeating itself , I truly believe that the olden days of using public transport are making a come back .
On the one hand , owning a car means independence , so that , we can travel anywhere we want , whenever we want , without being tied down to a set timetable and , furthermore , it is certainly more comfortable than public transport .
People do not earn as much money as they used to , in fact , they earn a lot less .
This means that people can not afford a car and all the expenses that come with it .
Therefore , even though a car is more convenient and more comfortable than any form of public transport , it is also less economical than the latter , which leaves people with no other choice than to use public transport .
Hi John :
On the contrary , I 'm just getting used to look things up every day on my computer .
I usually check my e - mail in the mornings just after having breakfast .
One piece of good news is that finally I gave up and bought my first Smartphone .
I can answer my e - mails immediately .
It 's very handy because I read the newspapers online and for free , but only the Spanish papers .
The other day I found a webpage about Paris .
I think it 'll be very useful for your next trip to Paris .
Well , that 's all for now . I hope to hear about you soon .
Best
Javier .
1 . INTRODUCTION
The aim of this paper is to show , through a transitivity analysis of the lyrics from three different songs , how language has influenced roles of gender
The questions we are going to answer about these songs are :
• Although the performers are women , is the language used sexist ?
• Does anyone feel like a victim ?
- Theoretical background- A review of our knowledge .
We will explain some concepts that we will use later in our analysis .
- Analysis : This part is the practical part that will answer our questions .
The lyrics will be explained .
Our tools will be transitivity analysis and language .
With our analysis done , this final part is where the results of our work is written and we can tell the difference between these songs and what we thought at the beginning .
- Bibliographical references : The part where the sources are revealed
2 . METHOD : DATA SELECTION
We are going to compare the lyrics from the following three songs : Miley Cyrus ' Wrecking Ball ; Anastasia 's Left Outside Alone ; and Taylor Swift 's Back to December .
We have chosen these three songs because they all deal with the same topic of breaking - up , but they describe this topic from different points of view , even though the three songs are performed by female singers .
These songs are relatively modern , but if we take a look , we will find some sexism in some parts .
This is the case of the " free choice " song , Taylor Swift .
Anastasia 's song tells a story of a victim , meanwhile , the others talk about women that fell guilty because they have hurted men .
Also , we think that these songs can represent different kinds of processes and language we have seen in class .
The material processes are also known as the processes of doing .
This is because they express an action or an activity .
This type of process has been found in the three songs and it is very prolific .
Usually , in these types of songs , the performers describe actions in the relationships as well as at the end of it .
The material processes are carried out by agents , which coincide with the subject .
The subject of the sentence can also be the force if the agent is inanimate .
In this category of processes , there is another participant known as the affected , because the action of the verb affects or concerns it .
In our research , the cognition verbs have been the most common inside of the group of the mental ones , followed by the affection ones , which is quite normal when describing a love relationship .
SONG ANALYSIS :
The main participants are the woman and the man .
She feels sorry because she did not care about him in this delicate situation .
Although the reason for the break - up is not totally clear , the girl is saying that it was all her fault .
The boy did not do anything wrong .
If we look to the boy 's processes , we will find only positive things .
These cases are always regarding good actions or showing the good characteristics of the man .
She cares about him , about his life and his family ( even though she did n't care before ) .
She wants him , but " the chain is on his door " .
She feels bad , but she does n't really know what to say .
She says " swallowing my pride " .
She has to do it , and it is a sacrifice .
Maybe she feels bad , but not completely guilty .
This sentence shows a girl who thinks she is not really bad , though she knows she could have done things better .
Obviously , she ca n't say a bad thing about him , but we do n't really know what he thinks about her .
There are some clues in sentences like " Your guard is up " or " the last time you saw me is still burning in the back of your mind " .
This means he still loves her , but at the same time , he 's still hurt .
He is confusedly in love .
" If we loved again , I swear I 'd love you right " .
The problem is that maybe it is too late and she only can wish " I 'd realized what I had when you were mine " .
Learning a new language is always an exciting experience .
There could be many reasons that lead to the need to learn new languages but , the advantages are vast .
Learning a new language gives you a chance to see the many things that are around you in a different aspect .
You will thus broaden your way of thinking and in the end as you learn you will enhance your intelligence .
However , you need to understand that learning a new language is not an easy task .
You need to invest your time and energy in it so as to achieve results .
There is a lot of stress associated with it , bearing in mind that in most cases a new language will revolve around a culture that is different from what you are used to .
Enthusiasm to learn is all that you will need so as to get the first few steps done .
After the first few words , you will like the experience and it will be hard for you to stop .
The most important thing is to have positive thoughts .
You may even feel like giving up .
Encouraging yourself that you can work perfectly well for you .
To speed up the learning process , you need to read many comic books in the language that you want to learn . I will be hard to understand everything that you read but the pictures in the comic books will help you .
In time , you will get to learn many new words .
This is important because you understand their way of writing and they will be easy to understand . Enrolling in different forums that are in the language you want to learn will be of great aid to you .
However , you need to choose forums with eloquent speakers as it is the only way you will gain much .
Hey John !
How are things going over there ?
Is Ms. Gretchen still giving you trouble ?
Have you made any progress on your website project ?
I 've been very busy lately .
I 've got a lot of assignments to work on .
And this depressing weather is just making the situation worse .
So , what 's the typical English approach to nutritional needs ?
Waiting to hear back from you ,
Your friend Hugo .
Introduction
Sports are all around the community .
They improve our health and help people interact with each other .
The chosen one
This activity would not demand huge amounts of money to be done and , with a non - significant investment , would help a large group of people who desperately need it .
Minimal investment with huge benefits
To start running , this community will need a few things .
To begin with , it is important that the government develops a program which creates social awareness .
A significant part of the population in this town do not know the importance of practising sports and having a healthier life .
With this in mind , money would be spent on constructing a running rute where no - one would have to worry about traffic or obstacules in their way .
Benefit for all ages
There are almost no contraindications to practise this sport , so almost everybody in the town has the opportunity to try it at least once .
This activity not only improves your body and health , but also helps you have positive thoughts , making everyone feel happier .
In my opinion , improving the practice of this sport will be a great investment for our community and will have a great impact on our health and in our everyday lives .
The lecture and the reading passage both discuss how to stop the spread of cane toads in Australia .
However , the lecturer argues against the reading passage .
The first point , suggested by the lecturer , is that a national fence can not stop cane toads from spreading .
The cane toads ' eggs and young cane toads can spread to other areas from the streams and rivers .
It is argued in the listening passage that untrained volunteers could harm the native frogs , which are endangered .
Because the young frogs look alike , it is possible that the volunteers will kill frogs other than cane toads .
In short , the lecturer questions what is stated in the reading passage that we could prevent the spreading by volunteers capturing the cane toads .
Finally , it is argued in the listening passage that a disease - causing virus that killed the toads could be a disaster .
The lecturer says that if the virus was bring to the original habitats of cane toads in South America , it will cause ecological damage to the local ecosystem . To sum up , the lecturer doubts the way mentioned in the reading that a specially designed virus could specifically harm cane toads and prevent them from spreading .
It it hard to believe that Hollywood superstar Tom Cruise is still able to reinvent himself and carry the weight of a blockbuster franchise like the " Mission : Impossible " series , much more so after considering the fact that he is now in his early fifties , and still looks as fresh as he did in the 25 years old " Days of Thunder " .
To start , " Rogue Nation " follows the same basic formula of the movies preceding it : fast - paced action , a focus on the espionage and gadgetry of the core team , and some of the most breathtaking set pieces Hollywood has to offer .
Together with a solid foe and the deft and stylish hand of director Christopher McQuarrie , all elements combine to give this fifth outing a refined sense of urgency , perfecting the pace to deliver constant , ever - topping thrills .
With all things considered , the bottom line is that Cruise & Co have delivered what has to be considered as the finest film in the series yet .
The social debate between progress and traditions has been going on for centuries .
Through our customs , we celebrate our past and keep our cultural heritage alive .
In most Latin American countries , millenary practices such as silversmithing , not only keep the region in touch with its heritage , but they have become the sole source of income for many communities .
Nations like Mexico and Peru , with internationally recognized cuisines , have taken advantage of their culinary roots and boosted the production of locally grown foods , like chipotle peppers and quinoa , to bring economic growth to their agriculture sectors .
On the other hand , the greatest disadvantage of traditions , is that religious beliefs have kept these very same populations from social and human rights progress .
Gay marriage and reproductive rights are not recognized by the Costa Rican and most Latin governments , all because of the set of beliefs of a percentage of their community .
In conclusion , traditions should be cherished and kept alive for future generations .
However , the safekeeping of these practices should never become a priority over the wellbeing of the collective .
Dear Yasser ,
As per our meeting , we will be waiting for your input regarding the following points :
1 . Postpaid roaming calls , RCF and GPRS
2 . Postpaid roaming markup
3 . Prepaid MMS
Dear Umair ,
What is the recommended source for extracting the prepaid roaming revenues ?
Regards ,
Ibrahim Guirguis
" Prison has long been the traditional punishment for people who commit crimes .
Some people believe , however , that community service orders are more appropriate in some cases .
When do you think that it is right to order people to work in the community to pay for their crimes ? "
In recent years , the most common punishment for criminals has been prison .
There are certain people who believe community service orders are more adequate in some cases .
People who break the law , should be ordered to work in the community in order to pay for their misdeeds , when they have done a minor offence or if they have acted unintentionally .
Community service orders are more appropriate than prison punishments when people have acted unintentionally .
Sending criminals to prison is a serious verdict for people that have made a mistake .
For example , graffiti makers in Bulgaria are sent to prison for 4 years .
It is better that they do a certain amount of community work , for example clean off their graffiti , which will teach them how hard it is to clean off graffiti , and thus , prevent them from making new ones .
Limiting people 's freedom because of minor , non - harmful to the society crimes is inhumane .
Although their misdeeds should not be tolerated , I believe that they had better do some community work .
This will help them understand their mistakes and prevent them in future .
For example , in Bulgaria , people who lay down and relax on the grass in the park are sent to jail for 6 years , because they are considered to be " doing serious damage to the environment and preventing the park from further development " .
House at the End of the Street
The last movie I watched was House Next Door , a captivating thriller that stars Jennifer Lawrence , Elizabeth Shue and Mark Thieriot .
As soon as they move in , they hear the rumors of the incident : a little girl brutally murdered her parents in the middle of the night and disappeared , and the other child of the family recently moved in there .
I myself am a fan of horror movies , which are highly predictable , so it was a great satisfaction to see such a complex film .
The end completely blew me away and I believe it was the best part of it .
The acting was smooth and credible .
Although it had bad critics , the movie was well received by the audience ; not to mention the fact that Jennifer Lawrence 's appearance right after the hit of Hunger Games was great for advertising .
In conclusion , I highly recommend this film for those who like drama and plot twists .
Actually , I intend to study law but , since there is no ' law ' in the subject choices , so I chose economics .
I think that a law degree is such a practical degree and legal knowledge is applicable almost everywhere .
I chose to study law because I think that law is very important in our society .
I aspire to further my studies in Law at the University of Cambridge .
I would love to be in an intellectually stimulating environment , being surrounded by the brightest young minds from all over the world .
Almost every home , office or school has a computer of some kind these days .
Many people feel that these machines are now an essential part of our lives , but how necessary are they really ?
One of the main advantages is the time that can be saved by using a computer .
This is especially beneficial in the workplace , where employees can do their work far faster than they could in the past .
In addition to this , computers can be educational and fun .
From a very young age , children can gain basic computer skills through programmes that allow them to learn , draw , paint and play .
In today 's technological world , this knowledge can only help them in the future .
Many jobs have been lost due to the fact that computers can do a lot of tasks more efficiently than humans .
This has led to high unemployment in many countries .
What is more , computers can actually cause health problems .
Endless hours in front of a screen can cause eye strain and headaches , which are serious side - effects .
To sum up , it seems that computers are a useful addition to our fast - moving world of high technology .
However , it must be remembered that they are here to serve us - not to replace us .
Social networking technology is a tool used by people all around the world .
Its purpose is to promote and aid communication .
However , I think that this type of technology might be doing more harm than good .
It is not only changing how we communicate , but how we interact with each other in daily life .
All social networks have their own pros and cons but certainly there are some social networks that affect us more than others .
In conclusion I can say that the social network that affects the population the most is Facebook .
It may be on the verge of replacing traditional personal interactions for the next generation .
On this networking site , users create pages that represent them in some way .
They post pictures of themselves and their friends .
Teenagers , however , use this technology in a way that could be dangerous .
In this stage of their lives , they care more about their need to impress their peers than mature reasoning .
Comments that are left on their pages mean more to them than words said face to face .
Teachers at school may improve more restrictions that make teenagers avoid using social networks in an extremely way .
At work , bosses may reduce employee 's salaries if their job gets affected because of distractions that are produced by social networks .
Proposal to improve the School 's facilities for language learners .
Introduction :
The aim of this proposal is to make recommendations in order to improve the school facilities .
Aspects such as space , internet access and materials will be discussed in order to make suggestions to improve the service for students learning languages .
From the visit , it was concluded that even if the majority of students express satisfaction with the space , some of them wish to have more classrooms that allow a more reasonable number of students per class .
It would be advisable to accommodate classes in the main building , that offers enough space for smaller classes .
Even if the room counts with a considerable number of computers , the absence of Internet access does not give students the opportunity to use the many websites that would be useful to improve their language skills .
Therefore , I strongly recommend guaranteeing internet access , which does not represent a high cost for the academic board .
Magazines and newspapers allow learners to have direct contact with language in real contexts .
Conclusion .
I felt a deep sense of self - hatred and guilt !
How could I cut the rope ?
How would the entire world in general and the mountaineering fraternity , in particular , judge my decision ?
I must be prepared to abase myself in front of the whole world from now !
I needed to survive in light of the fact that it was impossible to haul Joe up to safety .
I was not to blame for him having injured his leg .
I tried to justify my own horrible action .
I needed some consolation to return to a state of psychological normalcy ; it was a step towards survival .
Perhaps there was every chance that Joe could have survived the fall !
Only God knows !
So I began to pray in earnest .
I felt strong enough to move about , looking for my compass and map in the rucksack on my back .
Ever since I started learning English , I have found quite handy watching TV series , especially those which are perfectly subtitled , in order to follow the plot properly .
In fact , it is quite useful if you are actually interested in improving your skills , when it comes to listening and speaking .
On the other hand , I have been in search of the series which catches my attention and it took me a very long time until I finally put my finger on it .
The TV series known as Downton Abbey is the best I have ever seen , and in the following lines I would like to explain why .
It is set in England during and after the First World War .
The whole plot takes place in the area called Downton , the castle of Earl Lord Gratham , his family and the service staff .
Although the story is focused on the Lord 's family , the service staff has an important part to play , as the world is changing continuously and the nobility is getting old - fashioned .
Even the background is cleverly chosen , what enhances the intriguing and dramatic script .
I wish to apply for the Assistants & management support for the " Asset Allocation & Macro Research " ( AA&MR ) position as I believe it is in perfect alignment with my skills and professional experience .
My goal has always been to combine speed with quality , using good organization skills and an excellent mastery of different technological tools .
I possess very good knowledge of page layout software .
Furthermore , I am fluent in the English language , with good writing skills .
In addition , I am a team player with good interpersonal skills .
I would be glad to further expand upon what I can offer in an interview .
Yours faithfully ,
NB : In addition , in the case of employment , I would receive an allowance of a participation of 50% of the salary for a period of two years .
Dear Jo ,
It 's so nice to hear from you and I 'm so happy that you are coming to Egypt this summer .
Well , first of all , there are a lot of activities you can do for fun , such as visiting some historical places that are attractive for many tourists .
Since you are coming in summer , you should visit Sharm or Hurghada for some sea activities like swimming , diving and snorkeling .
They will pay you a reasonable salary .
I hope to hear from you soon .
Best wishes ,
Christina ,
Egypt .
I admit that I do n't really enjoy soap operas .
However , I live in Brazil and there is no way out when it comes to soap operas .
Brazilian people are known for their creativity and enthusiasm for soap operas .
The success of the soap opera depends on the theme , the people have to decide weather to relate to it or have interest on it .
As a typical Brazilian , I have a favorite soap opera , is called Floribella .
She starts to work for Mister Frederico , a young and wealthy man who has three brothers to take care of .
He is arrogant , but Flor is the only one who can calm him down in difficult situations .
She falls in love with him , but unfortunately , he is engaged and his fiancée is an awful person who always try to humiliate Flor .
I 'm afraid to say that this soap opera does n't have a happy end and I did n't enjoy the end either , but I still recommend it , because it 's a beautiful love story and the characters are really amusing and the story is funny and lovely .
Despite its end and all others odds that it may have , I 'm still a big fan of Floribella and I ca n't wait to watch it again on Netflix .
You should watch it too , so we can discuss it together .
Taking care of environment has become an essential need in our daily life .
Countries , states , cities and even municipalities are focusing on how to include green plans in their future work plans .
Saying that taking care of the environment is not only the concern of citizens but also the national and international organizations .
As for my city , the mayor gives the environment his top priority and a budgeted plan under the process of implementation .
In addition to that , a law has been enforced to plant a tree in front of each building .
It is worth to mention that schools are considering the Environment subject is part of the education sytem that should be taught to students .
Finally , I 'm proud to say that taking care of the environment is part of my and my family 's daily life .
I am a Dean 's Fellow and Ph.D. candidate at XYZ University , currently revising the final chapter of my dissertation , and expecting to graduate in May 20XX .
I am confident that my teaching experience and my research interests make me an ideal candidate for your open position .
Over the past five years , I have taught a variety of English courses .
I have taught a number of American literature survey courses , as well as writing courses , including technical writing and first - year writing .
I have extensive experience of working with ESL students , as well as students with a variety of learning disabilities , including dyslexia and dysgraphia , and disabilities like ADD and ADHD .
I know I would thrive as a teacher in your college , due to your belief in small classroom size and individualized support for students .
Not only does my teaching experience suit the needs of your school and department , but my research interests also fit perfectly with your description of the ideal candidate .
My dissertation project , " Ferns and Leaves : Nineteenth - Century Female Authorial Space , " examines the rise and development of American female authors in the 1840s and 1850s , with a particular focus on patterns of magazine publication .
I apply recent print - culture and book - history theory to my readings of novels , magazine articles , letters , and diary entries by various female authors , with a particularly focus on Sara Willis ( known by her pseudonym Fanny Fern ) .
I plan to develop my dissertation into a book manuscript , and continue to research the role of female writers in antebellum magazine culture , with a particular focus on the rise and influence of female magazine editors on literary culture .
My research interests have both shaped and been shaped by my recent teaching experiences .
Last spring , I developed and taught a course on the history of print culture in America .
I combined readings on theory and literature that addressed issues of print with visits to local historical museums and archives .
My students conducted in - depth studies on particular texts ( magazines , newspapers , novels ) for their final papers .
I believe my interdisciplinary teaching style , particularly my emphasis on material culture , would fit in well with the interdisciplinary nature of your English department .
I am therefore confident that my teaching experience , my skill in working with ESL and LD students , and my research interests all make me an excellent candidate for the assistant professor of English position at ABC College .
I have attached my curriculum vitae and the two requested sample publications .
I would be happy to send you any additional materials such as letters of reference , teaching evaluations , and past and proposed course syllabi . I will be available to meet with you at either the MLA or C19 conference , or anywhere else at your convenience .
Thank you so much for your consideration ; I look forward to hearing from you .
Not so long ago , I watched film called " 47 Ronin " .
The action takes place in Japan , in the times of samurais and witches .
The main hero is a mysterious stranger , betrayed by everyone , sold into slavery , chosen by fate to administer revenge , who will become one of 47 warriors that defy death .
Appearing from another world , he will rise up against the darkness to protect his forbidden love .
I liked this film because of many things , but most of all I liked the costumes .
They were very different and very colorful , but at the same time corresponded with the time period of the film .
With this film , I was able to get a clear idea about traditions and customs of that time .
And I just could n't forget to mention the beautiful decorations and realistic special effects .
I think other people will like it as much as I did , because it is a very interesting and exciting story about true love that lives through time and space , and about real friendship and loyalty .
That transportation exerts a far - reaching influence on people 's daily routines and lifestyle is true .
There are people who have never ridden a bicycle , and people who have never been on an airplane , but it would be hard to find a person who has never been in a car .
It is generally believed that the invention of the car leads to the dispersion of the population out of urban centers , to the growth of the suburbs .
Prior to the automobile , is the horse and wagon life , it is not feasible for people to live far from their place of work .
The growth of the suburbs changed the face of American society , bringing with it a whole different way of life .
What greatly increased mobility leads to significant changes , additionally , lies in various lifestyles .
It may be for a day , a week , or a longer period of time .
In the urban city , the car is by far the most common mode of transportation and has greatly impacted on the growth of the tourist industry .
We are beginning to see people in countries with cars going out of the city on weekends and holidays .
Though being good enough , yet the growth of the population and mobility do not tell the whole story .
Last but not least , the booming prosperity often parallels the numbers of job in the city .
Although other forms of transportation may be more comfortable , none has changed the way we do business and live our lives more than the car .
Travelling to Japan through food !
The newest Japanese restaurant in town - Ohana restaurant - is the place to be on a Friday night .
Its atmosphere is that of an old Buddhist temple situated on a mountain somewhere in Japan .
The staff 's clothes are beautifully coloured and , believe it or not , all of them are Japanese and can speak English fluently .
What made it a success was the menu and the wide variety of Japanese food .
What I particularly appreciated was that you can sit around the chefs and watch them prepare the food .
It 's really delicious !
Unfortunately , the music was a bit too loud for my taste .
After eight o'clock , a professional band of musicians start playing traditional Japanese music and it can be a bit loud .
They need to focus on that a bit more .
However , overall I think that this new restaurant has the potential of becoming very popular in a short time due to the food and the great atmosphere .
The staff is also very friendly .
You really should go and try this amazing restaurant at the first opportunity .
I fully intend to go the next time I have the chance and try the Hokkaido Natto .
Some people tend to think that their jobs have more effect on their happiness , while others seem to believe that their social life has more of an influence .
As a result , I believe that my social life has more of an effect on my happiness .
There are several reasons to support my position .
First of all , family and friends whom we love always offer their support to comfort us .
With the increasing competition in the workplace , people bear more and more stress .
Meanwhile , I always feel exhausted and barely have any energy to talk with anyone after a long day from the work .
In addition , attending social activities widens my life 's experiences wholesomely .
Take my yoga class , for example .
Since I joined the yoga studio , I have made a lot of new friends .
Besides yoga , most of them also have numerous other interests , like hiking , jogging , and baking .
Meanwhile , they are friendly and willing to share their knowledge with me .
Lastly , some people may think that co - workers naturally melt into our social life , since we spend so much time in the workplace .
This might suggest that being surrounded by people at work with whom we need to socialize would have more of an effect on our emotions .
However , most of the time , people keep a good relationship with their co - workers in order to accomplish their common task harmoniously .
On the other hand , people are willing to discuss serious matters with their family and friends because of their shared bond of trust .
Conversely , we share our deepest worries and problems with our close family and friends because we are not afraid of exposing our weakness to those people whom we trust .
At the same time , we will also pay more attention to the people whom we love .
In other words , even though I can get temporary happiness from accomplishing a work task or gaining a compliment from my co - workers , personally , I think I obtain more permanent enjoyment and satisfaction from engaging and interacting with the people that I love .
A balancing act
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door , imagine my surprise ... There was a large box standing in front of the door , addressed to me , while I had never received packages before !
Nonetheless , I managed to remove the box from the ground and staggered through the doorway , in the direction of the living room .
While walking , I paid all my attention to carrying the box .
Anyway , I did n't notice the skateboard which lay in front of my feet .
When I stepped on it , I lost my balance and the box fell on the ground .
I heard the sound of breaking glass .
Immediately , I opened the box and found a short letter , saying : " Dear Jane , here 's the inheritance from your grandmother : her glass tea service ... "
There is no doubt that travelling by car is the most comfortable option , but claiming that public transport has no future is too much .
Many people use public transport on a daily basis .
There are people who would n't be able to travel if it was n't for public transport .
Using public transport can also save time , since you do n't have to spend time looking for a place to park your car .
I definitely think that public transport will continue to be very important in the future .
In general , shopping is associated with something pleasant , but unfortunately this is not always true .
Shopping is not always enjoyable .
For some people , shopping is one of their obligations .
For others , it is overall a pleasant experience they can not enjoy as much as they would like .
Sometimes women go to the store , just to watch the new stuff , to look around , and questions asked by sellers make us angry .
In addition , shopping is also a problem for men .
It is said that the man , who go shopping for more than one hour is angry and tired .
This is a great opportunity to spend some quality time together , exchange ideas and opinions ; opt for evening shopping , specifically about half an hour before the stores close if you want to avoid big crowds ; if possible , choose only one store for your everyday shopping .
First of all , I would like to begin with giving some information about the city where the place that you will be visiting belongs to .
The city of Istanbul is one of the famous and crowded cities of Turkey , which constitutes the country 's economic , cultural , and historical heart .
The population of Istanbul is over 20 million and Istanbul is among the largest cities in the world by population within the city limits .
The Historical Peninsula is the centre of ancient Istanbul where the four major empires had been ruled from .
There are many historical places in the Historical Peninsula such as mosques , churches and palaces .
The most important ones are Hagia Sophia , Topkapi Palace , Sultanahmet Mosque , Suleymaniye Mosque , Yeni Mosque , the Grand Bazaar , Basilica Cistern , Beyazit Tower and the Spice Bazaar .
Hagia Sophia was built as a cathedral in 537 , converted to a mosque after the conquest of Istanbul , and now is being used as a museum .
Topkapi Palace was built in the 1470 's and the Ottoman Empire was ruled from this palace for 380 years .
The Grand Bazaar is one of the largest covered markets in the world and it has more than 4,000 shops .
It is well known for its jewellery , pottery , spice , leather and carpet shops .
Basilica Cistern was built in the 6th century and is the largest of several hundred ancient cisterns that still lie beneath the city of Istanbul ; size of 143 by 65 meters , with a capacity of holding 80,000 cubical meters of water .
Beyazit Tower is 85 meter tall located in the courtyard of Istanbul University 's main campus in Beyazıt Square .
The Spice Bazaar is the second largest covered bazaar after the Grand Bazaar .
It stands next to Yeni Mosque .
You can find many types of spices , herbs , nuts , Turkish delight , etc .
Actually , I was asked to recommend only one place , but the Historical Peninsula is already an area where those historical distincts got together .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
The following conversation was so engaging that I forgot the time and , as a result , I got late for my departure to Chicago .
In my hurry , I forgot to collect a few critical documents .
I am not completely certain , but I remember that the last time I kept them was near the tiny blue table located at the left - hand corner of the room .
I am contacting you because those papers are sensitive to my company .
Therefore , I need those papers .
As you can imagine , they are confidential and they should be handled with caution .
I feel extremely worried not to have picked them up . I would be very grateful if you could have a look in the room .
I am willing to pay for postal charges .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
John X.
Everybody has goals that they want to achieve .
As for my dreams for the upcoming years , I think I have two dreams in life that I will do my best and try hard to realize .
First , I want to attend an English university abroad .
As we all know , nowadays , English proficiency is on the list of the required skills to be employed and the market highly demands it .
and I feel that only an overseas English university can offer that .
Second , I want to be employed as a programmer .
primarily , because being a developer is my dream job and , secondly , because developers make a lot of money .
I have wanted to be a programmer since I was 14 years old .
I was fascinated by this field of science .
In addition , earning a fair amount of money is essential to building my life .
With the advent of individually owned vehicles like the car , an individual 's dependence on public transport has certainly been reduced .
I 'd like to highlight the factors that would support my opinion in a certain order that pertains to a wider acceptance .
First of all , from a cost perspective , public transport is much cheaper compared to a car , especially when a cost - reduction concept like ' car pooling ' is not followed .
The financial benefit that public transport gives to the common man is second to none , especially in common situations like long - distance commutes for daily work .
In addition , from a ' time savings ' angle , increased usage of public transport results in reducing traffic and helping people reach their destinations quicker by avoiding being delayed in traffic jams and at lights .
From an environmental standpoint , the use of public transport ensures that carbon emissions from automobiles are prevented , helping in preserving the balance of nature even in big cities like Tokyo and Delhi , where the carbon emissions are very high .
Modern TV is worth every pound
Cookery programmes , films , documentaries , talkshows … It 's clear that there are lots of different programmes on TV nowadays .
Maybe you think of television as a waste of money .
In that case , I can guarantee you that today 's telly is definitely worth the money .
It 's true that there are lots of repeats on TV and there may be many programmes you regard as poor quality .
In addition , the price of watching television for a whole month is much lower than the price of tickets for the cinema to watch a film for only two hours .
Moreover , when you sit in front of the TV in your own house , you wo n't get irritated by strangers , which may happen in the cinema .
In my opinion , TV provides something for everyone 's taste nowadays , including good quality programmes , for a reasonable price .
It should be possible for everyone to enjoy watching television !
Dear Mr. Tipple ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement in today 's edition of " The China News " to apply for the position of Club Organizer .
During the past five years , I have been organizing several events not just in England , but also in the United States and Portugal .
I have a great deal of experience working mainly with people between the ages of 18 and 30 years old .
However , I have also previously worked with older people .
As well as being hard working and methodical , I am organized .
Furthermore , I have an excellent relationship with the people I work with , although I very often strike people as bossy and unfriendly .
As a matter of fact , when you get to know me better , I am very helpful .
Please note that I am available to attend an interview .
I very much hope you will take my application into consideration and I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours Sincerely ,
Cristiano Nazario Tejada Curiel
Also , we need to know how it is made .
Not only the background colour , but also the artwork we need to choose .
Secondly , we have to do some preparation of metal plates .
A sheet includes 50 bank notes .
Finally , after being printed , every bank note needs to be manually inspected .
Maybe there would be some partially damaged sheets , so the bank notes will be separated into good and bad .
The main features of these bank notes are good quality and the effort made by bank workers .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
The day before , he and his two best friends , Louis and Lucas , were playing football near the police station , when Louis and Lucas started arguing with eachoder .
He did n't found anyone , so he grabbed Louis and tried to calm them down .
Lucas wanted to apologise and forget what happened , but Louis was really hungry , so Lucasdecided to go home .
Peter let go of Louis because he thought that it was safe , but Louis caught the ball and tried to hit Lucas .
The ball went straight through the police station window and broke the glass .
Peter got so scared that he ran away .
Louis had to pay for the window and also clean the school 's canteen for two months , but he realized that what he did was wrong , so he apologised to Lucas .
They decided to forget what happened and stay friends .
The end .
She went into the " reading room " where there were thousands of books and she hid between two huge bookcases .
It seemed that the man in the wheelchair was looking for something but suddenly , he took a couple of books and put them into a hidden pocket in his wheelchair .
Quickly , Angie ran to the store detective to tell him what she had seen .
Unfortunately , the thief was more intelligent than them because while they were speaking , he could run away with the books that he had just stolen .
Angie and the store detective ran after " the false disabled man " but he was younger and , obviously , he ran faster .
Because of this , the store detective could catch the thief and recovered all the books .
The unusual scenario and the great actor , Hugh Laurie , made the result really innovative for a TV series .
It is based on Dr. Gregory House , a reputable diagnostician who uses strange and sometimes inappropriate approaches in order to find out what is wrong with his patients .
Due to an unsuccessful surgery he had on his leg , he is addicted to painkillers which he makes several attempts to detox from motivated by his only friend Dr. Wilson , but he never really wants to , so he gets addicted again .
He is sarcastic and often mean , which drives people away from him .
His revolutionary behaviour and the fact that he let nobody restrain him are the reasons for the series ' huge success .
Also , the medical cases are intriguing and , although someone with no medical knowledge may not understand much , the struggle to save a person 's life captures everyone 's interest .
The innovative aspect of ' House ' is that he often takes illegal action , for example breaking into a patient 's house to investigate environmental factors , which may have caused the particular disease , and hardly ever is he punished for it .
I believe it well deserved such popularity , as apart from its scenario , it was , on the whole , qualitative .
My only objection is that it sometimes went too far , which made the audience dislike Dr. House .
Nevertheless , it is distinct from other medical series as he constantly thinks out of the box .
I never imagined how hard the training was , how tiring and demanding the exercises were and how difficult to control the ball was .
They will soon be engaged in a healthy , defiant and never boring activity and also will develop strong bonds with each other , responsibility and compromise .
Volleyball is the best sport ever !
Introduction
Sports Club
It is well known that physical activity contributes to improving physical and mental health .
Drama Club
This kind of club will allow students to express their feelings in a non - violent manner , learn how to manage their reactions and develop creative talent .
Cookery classes
" Do it yourself " classes improve practical skills .
Citizenship classes
Another kind of classes that are necessary are citizenship classes as teenagers nowadays are deficient in this field .
Conclusion
The overall purpose of these actions is to keep young adults in school and to educate them .
Organising clubs and courses such as the ones mentioned above would ensure the improvement of the situation .
TV Today : chance or hazard ?
So , TV , which could be an invaluable source of information and entertainment , actually is becoming a big issue to the development of our society and new generations in particular .
Back to the full potential
The car is sometimes represented as an icon of freedom ; moreover , owning a modern car is sometimes related to wealth .
Compared to the use of public transport , one can not deny the convenience of using a car for moving around .
Dear camp director ,
Hello , my name is Zabrina .
I think I can be very helpful to your camp , helping you taking care of the kids and also helping you in the kitchen , because I really love to cook .
Besides , I really need the money for my family .
But I am doing this because I really enjoy creating activities with kids and having a great time with them .
When I was younger , i went to a camp , and it was one of the best memories I have , so it would be really great to know I would make some kids make the same way .
Thank you .
In the historical river , there was a dynasty called Jin , during which this story took place .
A little boy called Lucky Wang , however , was not so lucky as his name suggested .
As a result , in order to be sure that he could get the same love from a mother like other children , his father married another woman .
Lucky Wang 's stepmother was such a snake - hearted woman that she did as many cruel things as she could to torture this poor boy .
One day in an especially chilly winter , Lucky Wang 's stepmother got sick suddenly .
Seeing the frozen water surface , he could do nothing but cry .
As time flew , the sun sank little by little , which made Lucky Wang feel more and more helpless .
Moved by this little boy 's filial devotion , his stepmother changed her attitude and started to love him from her deep heart .
Ever since then , what filled this family is just happiness and love .
No matter what the fact was , or even if it never happened , the story just wanted to emphasize the importance of Filial Piety .
Only through this cultural education combined with other ways , could they keep their government generation by generation as they expected .
How to ensure an adequately financed retirement ?
I am an assertive and proactive girl who is plugging away towards a great number of goals .
However , sometimes , when I am thinking about my future , it is hard to imagine what is waiting for me .
I want to live to a ripe old age , but at the same time I am afraid of it .
Our society is becoming an increasingly elderly one .
It is in fashion to have a small family , but have you ever thought about problems it may cause ?
The greatest one is the burden of financing care .
Sooner or later we will have to face the music .
Only in that moment we will understand that we are one of the millions of pensioners who need a lot of different services to live as fulfilled and independent a life as we deserve .
We can not rob Peter to pay Paul .
The taxpayers try not to go against the establishment .
They help our ageing population , but we should make some new reforms to subsidise the shortfall in our budget .
Otherwise , this situation will have a detrimental effect on the taxpayers .
In such a way , they can remain alert and no matter what will happen .
Yesterdays ' petrified men will become confident .
It will be a long - lasting benefit for both parts .
Our state will have a large sum of money , which is an invaluable source .
On the other hand , the pensioners will be sure in their future .
The crux of the matter is to start these reforms now .
The law of the jungle is not appropriate here .
Everyone should think not just about his own benefit , but about others .
We can not make a killing immediately .
However , step by step , we will work our way up .
You do n't have to search for parking and you do n't have to pay for parking .
You can relax when you are travelling , listening to music or reading a book .
Finally , travelling by public transport is generally cheaper than travelling by car .
Maybe you spend more hours than travelling by car but I think it is worth it , because you can save money .
So , I think the statement would be like this : " There is no future for travelling by car , because public transport is so much more convenient and cheaper " .
I 'm not a huge fan of sports in general , but I do take pleasure in engaging in smaller - scale basketball matches , most of which would probably fall into the so - called ' street ' category , or streetball to be more specific .
The ' style ' factor of it ( or " aesthetic value " if you will ) also plays an important role , again , intensifying the relationship between the team and the crowd while granting the pleasure of contemplating and executing flowing movement sequences , finishing a play , or just stylishly mocking your opponent .
Not to mention the socially bonding ability of it , while on game tension between the opposing teams is somewhat inevitable , the irreverent , human , no strings attached nature of streetball events always compensate for its negative aspects ( which , upon closer inspection , reveal to be shared between every single sports event ) .
The health of teenagers : a latent problem
Nowadays , it seems that teenagers are less healthy than young people who lived 20 years ago .
Researchers have claimed that new generations are likely to suffer from more diseases .
But is it really so ?
Firstly , teenagers today eat lots of junk food , which is definitely harmful , as it leads to obesity ( Summerfield , 2013 ) .
For instance , in Chile , the programme Elige Vivir Sano tries to improve the eating habits of young people in educational institutions , where fun activities are promoted to students by integrating healthy living ( Elige Vivir Sano , 2012 ) .
Lastly , everyone must understand that good health is above wealth .
Parents and children should be informed about the use of drugs and junk food consumption , in order to raise awareness and improve their quality of life .
Travelling by car is great .
We can personalise our needs and wishes , such as listening to songs , talking to our friends and family members , eating and drinking and stopping for food or toilet needs anytime , anywhere .
On the one hand , public transport is more convenient for large cities as it provides a service to a larger number of people and we avoid traffic jams and the need to find parking spots , besides the fact that we wo n't get worried about leaving our cars parked on the street and , when we come back , the car could have been robbed or stolen .
The world is getting smaller for people with so many cars around ; it 's about time everyone thought about the community and not about themselves .
The government ought to plan campaigns to make people aware of that and try to find ways to reduce transport fares .
With both sides benefiting , the future of public transport will be safe .
Public transport has been improved to such an extent that , nowadays , it is probably competing with private transport .
Among all the means of transport , the train has become the most important public transport for short and middle distances .
Without a doubt , long - distance journeys are best carried out by plane .
When considering the bus , users feel that it does not offer any advantages compared to the car and it is only taken when no other option is possible .
As I see it , drivers really appreciate the freedom of choosing their destination , the time to leave or to arrive , even the people to go with .
If not , they would not make the investment of a car , and pay for its maintenance cost and fuel .
More and more , the oil shortage makes prices for fuel increase , and so does the price for public transport ; the economic policy of importing countries tend to establish saving measures in order to be strategically less dependent .
Moreover , considering pollution , private transport seems to be much more difficult to manage , because it is an individual decision .
In the near future , this fact will be seriously taken into account by governments .
To sum up , future generations will have to face the challenge of a sustainable world and , surely , public transport will play an important role .
Chic & Creative Dessert Lounge
ATUM Desserant is an awesome dessert lounge on 16/F in the new L Square building in Causeway Bay !
I found out about this new shop from friends and pictures online , so I decided to come check it out for myself .
Several lounge sofas were available on the side for big groups to sit together , but the view was what caught my eye as the floor - to - ceiling windows let in a vast amount of natural light .
The patio is probably a bit narrow to place tables outside , but people can go out and enjoy the view when the weather is cooler .
The decor was very simple and chic with abstract paintings hanging on the wall which would allude to the style of desserts being served here .
I started chatting with the chef , who told me that he wanted to start a dessert lounge for people to relax and enjoy desserts .
He felt that a lot of places out there tend to make the experience too rush , where you have to line up for an hour and finish eating in like 20 minutes before they kick you out .
There are currently 9 desserts offered on the menu with prices ranging from $ 108 to $ 138 , while there is also the famous Improvisation dessert for 2 at $ 328 . I could n't decide what to get at first because they all sounded so interesting , so I asked the chef for recommendations .
He recommended the Bamboo Charcoal as the theme is chocolate , which was perfect for me !
The test tube contained watermelon juice with sea salt , which was very refreshing to drink in the summer heat .
The salt brought out the sweetness of the watermelon while working as a balancing agent so the juice would not be too sweet .
I was told that the drink / soup changes frequently depending on what would be suitable at the moment .
I did n't know what charcoal ice cream would taste like , but it was actually chocolate mixed with a bit of charcoal .
The chocolate flavor was rich but not too sweet , while the raspberry sorbet was delightfully tart and tangy .
He told me that this is a new method of making sponge cake in the microwave that results in a very fluffy texture which would be hard to achieve in a traditional oven due to temperature constraint and timing .
It was very light and fluffy while still full of flavor !
The dessert also came with a choice of coffee or tea , so I opted for the Lime Flower & Lavender Tea at their recommendation as well .
My tea was brought out with a teapot and a small hourglass timer where I am supposed to wait 3 minutes before I should pour the tea .
The smell was wondrous from the lavender , while the flavor was almost mint - like and refreshing to drink .
Verdict - I was very impressed with the desserts at ATUM Desserant , as they were delightful for both the eyes and the mouth !
It would be perfect if they served alcohol as well and they told me that they are in talks with the building management to do so .
The price was n't cheap for dessert , but if you take into account the entire experience and compared it to what you pay for drinks at a bar or lounge , it 's pretty comparable actually .
They also told me that they plan on introducing a new tea set menu during the day , so stay tune !
I ca n't wait to go back and try all of their dessert flavors !
The major thing I imagine will be found in the next 50 years is magic .
Some advantages are given in the following passage .
For example , we will be able to travel through time .
Imagine looking at Shakespeare in his English class , Einstein in his first science class , and Picasso picking up his paintbrush for the very first time .
We will not only witness all of the greatest moments in time but also correct the mistakes we make .
In the end , the discovery of new things can never come to an end .
Thus , we should prepare ourselves for whatever is coming in the future .
Dear mum ,
Hope things are winding down for you well !
Please do not worry too much about me , I am having a joyous time here in Japan .
Undeniably , the food culture disparity between China and Japan is tremendous , although our ancestors were originated from the same ethic .
So , I can only have a cup of noodle for those nights when I leave school at 8:00 p.m.
Apart from the eating culture , everything is going well as people here are generous and hospitable .
My host family take me to different hot spots and teach me how to speak Japanese , in order to facilitate the
The mountain was half - melted with a glacier on top .
That was magnificent and mind - blowing .
I have never seen such scenery like that in my country , since the climate in South China is humid and hot .
How is life going on with you and dad ?
I am looking forward to hearing from you !
Love ,
Katherine
Everyone has their own favourite sport .
I love football the most , as most men would .
There are many things that explain why I prefer football to other sports .
I enjoy playing football with my friends as it can strengthen our friendship and bolster our love .
The one who is in the back position will try their hard to block the opponent teammates from scoring , while those who play in the attacking position will make up their strategy in order to score .
My advice to those who are starting this sport is to practise a lot , as football needs an unstoppable practice to master the game and be the king of the field .
My second piece of advice for them is to always have a cooperative game with the teammates .
All of them .
Who does not want to feel like an astronaut on our own planet exploring the magical underwater world just on a recreational trip ?
I am writing this letter as a wake up call to those who think that their recently earned certification gives them the skills to go out diving wherever they want .
How thoughtless is that ?
From my point of view , it should rather be seen as a license to learn .
Consequently , I see a pretty massive responsibility for the instructors and dive masters in telling the newcomers about the risks of their sport .
To my great astonishment , I witnessed a completely different pattern of behaviour time and again .
Unbelievable !
Please , let everybody take their own responsibility !
I also love to see the spark flashing in students ' eyes when they understand a concept , try to express themselves with Chinese and finally use it correctly .
For me , learning a language is not only translating the forms to express oneself , but a way to understand how the native speakers describe and interpret this world .
Chinese , as a language course , is concerned with encoding and decoding .
Meanwhile , students should have deeper understanding of Chinese culture and viewpoints .
As a language teacher , I hope my students will have a deeper and broader understanding of this language , their interest in this language will be stimulated by the course and they will learn the language constantly .
Marilyn Monroe once said ,
" Fame will go by and , so long , I 've had you , fame .
If it goes by , I 've always known it was fickle .
So at least it 's something I experience , but that 's not where I live . "
Let 's take into consideration the last sentence , " It 's something I experience , but that 's not where I live . "
It is obvious that everyone , no matter if they are famous or not , deserves to have a private life .
I am pretty sure that most people even wish for that .
Some of them have to mature for that and some of them feel it from the beginning .
It would be completely pointless if we were judging people on the basis of the job they have .
Everyone is equal , so everyone deserves the same .
People who decide to work in show - business or the media have to be aware of having less privacy .
They lose their anonymity , become recognizable ,
what is an inseparable part of this kind of occupations .
Because of their fame , they also give employment to other people , like paparazzi , journalists .
We live in times where people are very curious about other people 's lives , so the above - mentioned occupations are necessary ,
Would we , not - famous , people , want that kind of interest ?
Let 's step into famous people 's shoes .
I think we all have our own magnificent lives and we should focus on them .
This is what counts the most .
So , let politicians , film stars , singers and others be .
Besides being in charge with organizing his younger sister 's surprise birthday party , he had also been put in charge with the entire Information Technology department of the company he worked for .
The truth was he had been expecting a promotion in a nearby future , just not in this precise week .
Michael had to move from his small cubicle to his own office , he had to adapt and he had to do it fast .
As soon as one problem in the company would be solved , another one , just as infuriating , would come up at the party planning .
He was exhausted , so he decided to go home , let his mother deal with the party , and any problems would be taken care of by his co - workers .
It was risky ; he knew it , but he had no energy left in him .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
This report is an introductory document meant for students interested in the field of water treatment .
Supply of potable water is perhaps the most important part of all municipal services .
Clean and adequate water supply system is a vital aspect in public health and social prosperity .
People depend on water for cooking , drinking , and other domestic purposes .
Water treatment must meet the requirements for public and industrial standards .
In all cases , the treatment process must fulfill both quality and efficient use of resources .
CHAPTER 2
HISTORY OF WATER TREATMENT
2.1 WATER TREATMENT IN THE PAST
Mithen 's ( 2010 ) researches show that most ancient civilizations inaugurated themselves near water resources and successful civilizations were dependent upon delicate systems of water transport .
Greek historian Diodorus Siculus , ca .
80 - 20 BC , wrote forty books of world history and in the translated version by Oldfather ( 1939 ) , Siculus provided early documents of purifying water , such as through boiling and sand filtration , dating all the way back to 2000 BC in ancient Greek .
Since microbiology was not yet studied , people at that time could not distinguish between clean and polluted water .
The main precaution measure was purely by judging the turbidity of the water , and this false practice had remained ever since , even nowadays .
Figure 1 A qunat at the National Library of Iran , Tehran ( http://media-1.boo.britainica.com/eb-media/72/987654-004-03E63A41.jpg )
This ancient type of water supply system is still used in arid regions of the world .
For example , in 1933 the capital city of Iran , Tehran , drew its entire water supply system using the same principle of qunats , though with a lot more complications added into it .
These complications were primarily caused by pollution in the underground water which was previously unknown .
2.3 BREAKTHROUGHS IN THE TWENTIETH CENTURY
The history of water treatment continued in 1670 , as two Dutch glasses makers investigated on magnification glasses and that led to the invention of the microscope .
In 1676 , Scientist Antonie van Leeuwenhoek ,
The Chachas Restaurant
The large dining room with a high ceiling is what catches everybody 's eye , especially if you set your foot into the restaurant for the first time .
There are no walls separating the foyer from the dining room or the kitchen from the guests .
Sitting at any table , you can watch the chefs preparing the fresh food .
Long wooden tables , which would be perfectly suitable for a class our size , are placed in the middle of the dining room .
Additionally , they offer a monthly alternating " special menu " card presenting five main courses .
The food is always freshly prepared .
The chefs take great care in selecting only the best quality food .
They avoid using convenience food and any kind of artificial flavors .
Definitely worth pointing out are the excellent fruit juices .
The restaurant offers good quality food for reasonable prices and the atmosphere is very welcoming .
And , as I know that my classmates prefer light and healthy food , I highly recommend going to the " Chachas " restaurant .
He asserts that language choice and identity are not " predetermined " and are prone to change ( Lee 2014 : 91 ) ; their change is derived from the context where discourse is negotiated and how " interlocutors interpret the identities being projected " ( ibid : 91 ) .
Therefore , context , including the participants , their social purpose , their means and channel of communication , plays a role in language choice and identity construction .
Lee ( 2014 : 92 ) refers to the " forms of participation " in a social media and having the sense of an audience in mind as the key elements that can possibly change " the way people think of themselves " that changes the way they present themselves and their identity online thereby .
In Boyed 's terms , profile is an important space where writers tell the audience " who they are and how they want to be seen " ; a link that connects people 's " offline and online identities"(2008 : 129 ) .
Examining teens ' identity construction in social media , he states that profile is where teens " express salient aspects of their identity for others to see and interpret " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " continuous status updating " , that is updating about life and sharing experiences from the " first person " point of view and ( 3 ) " visual representation " , that is " visual images " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in original ) .
It seems that checking the Subject , as an interpersonal element in the clause , can provide evidence of my student - writers ' self - presentation and involvement in the discourse constructed in their blogs .
This is also relevant to the notion of stance and position or the existence of author in the text .
It was a sunny day in Turin .
The children were playing outside , old and new couples were enjoying their love , and everything seemed to be absolutely bright .
In the busy streets , a student was walking fast , apparently unaware of all this .
Suddenly , he turned left and stopped , as if he did n't know what to do next .
He then saw a young woman waving at him .
A few minutes later , they were together in a bar .
Michael was still hurt .
Her voice was weak and fleble while she said " .. and I was really depressed , you know , and then I thought ... we always talked about going in India ... and I thought ... maybe we could fix everything .. so .. I'm just asking .. will you go with India with me ? "
She looked at him and he thought she was still beautiful .
He loved her and she was trying to get back with him , as he had hoped in the last months .
But suddenly , he thought he was really angry with her .
" I 'm sorry , but I do n't want to hear from you anymore " he said , and then stood up and , without watching her , walked out of the bar .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Paul ,
Thanks for your e - mail .
I 'm glad to hear that you are having a great time abroad volunteering for this international cultural organization .
I think that it is a wonderful idea to collect different experiences before starting university studies .
As you know , I spent last month in Eastern Europe working for a similar cultural organization and I have a hands - on experience in organising a cultural festival and particularly a musical concert .
During my staying there , I was responsible for taking care of the musicians and contacting the media .
I learned how to respond to different people 's needs resulting from cultural differences and expectations .
I also appreciated much the practical experience I could get there - how to organise job at the office so that everything goes smoothly and everyone gets what they want , how to use social media for advertising and promotion , how to communicate with the press and television etc .
I look forward to hearing from you soon and I hope that you 'll find this experience as amazing as I did .
All the best .
XYZ
I agree with the statement .
It is well known that gossip magazines are bought by lots of people who are interested in what these people do , the kind of clothes they wear , or even the tattoos they have .
In fact , although they are famous , they are people too , which means that they should be free to do whatever they like in their free time .
It would come to an end if society changed the concept of " famous people " .
But I think there is an exception : the monarchy .
I think the Royal Family is an exception because they are supported by all the citizens , so I think we ( as citizen ) have the right to know eveything they do if we want .
I mean , it would be better that there was more transparency as far as how they spend " our money " is concerned .
I think journalists should follow famous people only when they do something related to their profession or the fact that has made them famous .
Soon on your plans : College Film Club
Do you have a great passion for films ?
Do you like to socialize and meet new people ?
Then College Film Club is just for you !
Let me introduce myself .
I was just one more student from our college , with plenty of free time and looking for something else to do .
I now feel complete .
Do n't you want to feel the same ?
Come and join us !
We meet every Monday in the college theatre .
Every week we watch a different type of film so that we can please every member and improve our cinematography knowledge .
This is followed by an animated discussion in English , accompanied by drinks from the coffee bar , which is open late , of course !
Every now and then , we have special guests coming over , such as professional reviewers or independent directors .
We 've had , for example , Hugh Williams and George King .
Next week we 'll be watching " Dancer in the Dark " , by Lars von Trier , a distinctive Danish filmmaker .
Will I see you there ?
We 're expecting you !
When Elena saw the house for the first time , she could n't believe her eyes !
It was a bright sunny day and the birds were peacefully singing .
Meanwhile , Elen was going to receive a birthday present from her boyfriend , Ken : a house for them both to live in .
At first , Ken , had thought about giving her some cruise tickets as a present .
But after a while he thought about something bigger , huge and more expensive .
A house for them to live in !
That day was the day , Elena 's birthday , and Ken was n't sure how to give that massive present when , suddenly , he had an excellent idea .
He had already thought about that so he grabbed a blindfold and put it over Elena 's eyes .
In front of her was a stunning house .
It was enormous , with huge windows , white walls and with superb views of the sea and the shore .
She also appeared to be relieved that she would n't have to live with her parents anymore .
After that memorable moment , she could now have a thrilling life next to the person she loved .
They lived happily ever after .
He carefully chose the clothes he was going to wear .
He chose a blue tie and a light grey suit .
It took him twenty minutes to do his hair .
Michael always thought that this little ritual gave him an extra piece of luck .
He went out of his little apartment and walked full of confidence to the bus stop .
He thought happily that he was not only on his way to his new job but he was on his way to his new life .
When he arrived , the receptionist told him to go to his boss 's office .
He knocked on the door .
A woman 's voice answered .
After the meeting and when he was leaving , he turned back and said : -
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Here you will find all the trendy brands and much more .
A must for all tourists , although they do n't want to buy anything , is the oldest shopping centre in the country .
This magnificent building is situated in the city centre and it was built seventy years ago in an ancient palace .
Other modern malls are located in the suburbs , but do n't worry , our city has an excellent public transport service to get there .
You can buy all you can imagine there but one of them is really extraordinary .
It is celebrated on the mother 's day , on May , the first Sunday and it is located in the city 's longest avenue , around a kilometre plenty of flowers , where you can make your own bouquet for your mother 's present .
These are some ideas to enjoy shopping while you are visiting our city , but there are much more to discover !
You are listening to your favourite music .
The temperature level is exactly what you like .
And you never , ever , will come into contact with other people .
Well , there can be some pretty girls among the passengers for sure , but it 's far too often that you will have to sit near some stinky bum .
More than that , the car is always there when you need it .
You have not to wait till it arrives and it is never late .
No , not at all !
You wo n't be able to cover such a distance in one day .
So , in that case , it 's better to leave your car at home .
And what if the car you 're driving will break down ?
Just imagine that you are sitting in the broken down car , at night , without any sign of a car service for fifty miles around you !
The high cost of fuel will definitely be the lesser evil in this situation .
So I 'd have to say this .
Public transport offers a range of timetables for trains , buses or metro , but when it comes to deal with the day - to - day tasks , we very often find travelling by our own car it is the easiest way .
There is no easy way to carry our weekly shopping , stuff for the gym or instruments on public transport .
We try to steal minutes from every hour to find time to do all the things we want to do .
Waiting at the bus station for our next bus after just roughly missing the last one , being stuck in the middle of a crowd trying to reach the same train as everyone else , does n't make us life any easier at all .
At the en of the day , we decide to use our car , as , the way we live today , combining work , family and hobbies all at once , cars becoming mobile houses seem to be our best option .
Dear Paul ,
I hope you 're doing well and everything is ok .
I 'm writing to you because I want to tell you about my experience .
You wanted to know what I was said to do before and during the concert , so I will try to explain everything .
Starting from sending the invitations to the most famous people in the city and calling the shots .
I had to check their work and correct their mistakes .
Speaking of which , it was n't easy .
I think I did my best .
Another good thing is that I had a chance to talk to journalists .
They came from different parts of the world .
By the way , do you know Jess Morrow ?
She 's a journalist from the New York Times .
She 's very famous and I told her everything she wanted to know about the show .
Helping at this concert was a hard work but very inspiring .
I 'm glad that I had a chance to do it .
Best wishes ,
XYZ
My father has had a boat for as long as I can remember , so I 've been sailing since I was a little girl .
I guess because I 've been practicing for such long time , I do n't agree in either case .
Indeed , people can get bored while sailing , if they just sit and do n't interact with the rest of the crew ,
and it can be dangerous too , if one does n't know how to move on a boat .
Sailing is all about cooperation , and to really enjoy it one needs to do it regularly , to be able to get to know the crew and find the most suitable role on the deck .
Being a good sailor does n't mean knowing all about it , the point of sails , the winds , and so on , for me , a good sailor is someone that knows the boat s / he 's sailing on , and is able to deal with all the possible situations and also the kind of people s / he can possibly have to deal with .
If you take the time to ask around , you 'll find out that a lot of the most experienced sailors never took classes .
So , the most important piece of advice I would give to everyone is : try ,
Maybe you will not get addicted to it as much as I am , but I 'm sure you will have a great time , and , in the worst case , you will have the chance to meet wonderful people .
I would not say that there is no future for public transport .
First of all , public transport is far more convenient for people in big cities .
Our monthly fuel expenses can be reduced by using public transport to get to the workplace .
Nowadays , environmental pollution is also important . That 's why public transport should be promoted as an environmentally friendly way of transport .
Not always car is much more convenient , for example , in a big city it is far more convenient to use the underground than a car during the rush hour .
When we use public transport , we can read a newspaper or book and when we driving a car it 's impossible .
In my opinion , nowadays , driving a car is very stressful because of traffic intensity .
Of course , not always public transport is more convenient .
When we want to go on a weekend trip to the countryside , a car is irreplecable for families with children or animals .
Also , go on holidays by car can be very comfortable .
With a car we are more independent than with public transport .
There are many pros and cons , but for sure , we ca n't say that there is no future for public transport .
While we are there , we not only want to look at the many attractions in the city , but we would like to visit some of the beautiful places nearby too , so we are looking for a reasonable priced hotel , in the city centre , with good transport links .
It is possible that we will stay in Athens about ten days .
During our stay , we require the following : twin - bedded rooms , in the same hotel , breakfast and , on occasion , evening meal .
Furthermore , I would like to ask you if there are any individuals who can be able to look after groups like us ?
Are you able to arrange activities and local transportation for us ?
Also , it would be great if you could inform me of some special discounts , such as cheaper air travelling .
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Introduction
The principal objectives of this proposal are to outline the main problems that the company 's website has , and suggest ways that the web designers can deal with them .
Problems with the current website
The majority of people were of the opinion that the site was clunky and hard to use and nearly two thirds of the participants considered that the design needs to be modernised .
Ways to address the issues
I think the website needs to be revamped to attract more users .
The look and feel should follow the " material design " standards as they are defined by Google and should use more modern fonts .
As for the server and database administrators , they should immediately resolve the issues regarding the backend part of the website .
Recommendations
I would like to make the following recommendations :
Develop a better feedback system so users can express their concerns and questions in a more detailed way .
I assure you that if these recommendations are implemented , the website will improve significantly .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
Although it had been a tiring day , she was very pride of that little sheet of paper .
She had just got the job and she wanted to show what her skills were .
No one could have imagined that she was such a brilliant person and when she gave the article to the boss , the latter was quite astonished .
So she left on Monday and she landed in Bogotà Tuesday .
Never had she seen such a high waterfall .
She used to live in a flat , so she had never disovered how much the world was different and beautiful .
That evening , she met with a local guide . She was invited to taste the local food and to dance with the traditional clothes of that friendly civilization .
The following day , she came back to London where all her family was waiting for her since they werevery curious about the weird Alison 's trip .
Sport is probably as old as humanity itself .
All over the world , people of different ages are very fond of sport and games .
Sport not only helps people to become strong and to develop physically but also makes them more organized and better disciplined in their daily activities .
Sport helps people to keep in good health .
Needless to say that sport plays a very important role in our life .
It 's popular among young and old people .
Many people do morning exercises , jog in the morning , train themselves in fitness clubs and gyms , and take part in sports competitions .
Other people like sports too , but they only watch sports competitions , listen to sports news .
There are a lot of kinds of sports , such as swimming , wrestling , cycling , box , football , hockey , track and field athletics and so on .
There are summer and winter kinds of sports .
The summer kinds of sports are , for example , swimming , athletics , football , volleyball , basketball and others .
The winter kinds of sports are , for example , figure skating , skiing , ice hockey etc .
Among the popular sports in our country are football , basketball , swimming , volleyball , tennis , gymnastics , figure skating and others .
You can choose a sport for any season and for any taste .
I 'd like to describe some of them .
In spring and summer many people prefer to go in for jogging .
This is a very popular sport and very useful for your health .
You slow run and enjoy the beauty of nature around you .
This kind of sport is getting more and more popular all over the world .
If you go to Europe , you can see a lot of people who go in for jogging .
Speaking about sport , I ca n't help saying about football , because this is very spectacular kind of sports .
There are a lot of football teams , football events , and fan clubs in almost every country of the world .
Football matches attract a lot of spectators , who come supporting their favorites .
Many people today go in for extreme sports .
It is also known that extreme sports help to build character and form a strong personality .
These activities usually involve speed , height and a good level of physical training .
Doing such sports , people learn how to overcome difficult situations and how to survive in an emergency .
It also develops patience and self - control , and helps to control your fear .
More importantly , it gives the sense of achievement .
Let 's consider some kinds of extreme sports .
Take bungee jumping .
You jump off a bridge and you fall and fall , and then , just before you hit the ground or water , an elastic rope pulls you back .
In skysurfing , you jump out of an airplane and use a board to " surf " the air , doing gymnastics in mid - air !
For example , snowboarding , which has all the excitement of surfing but on snow , is more dangerous even than skiing .
Ice diving is for those people who are absolutely crazy .
You put on diving equipment and dive under a frozen lake .
And , if that 's not enough , you try to walk upside down on the ice !
A lot of people are not fit nowadays .
It 's a big problem today .
If you want to feel fit , you 'd better go in for one kind of sport or another .
Good health is better than the best medicine .
To tell the truth , I do n't do sports regularly and it is not an essential part of my daily life .
In summer , I go swimming as there is a beautiful pond with pure water where my Granny lives .
In winter , I go in for skating .
If I have free time , I go to the nearest skating - rink with my friends and we have much pleasure , skating together .
This kind of sport is very elegant .
You should control your body very well if you wish to skate gracefully .
I should n't call myself a sports fan .
Of course , I watch sports competitions on TV from time to time , like swimming or running .
I admire extreme kinds of sport .
I think they are really cool .
I admire people who dare to do such sports .
Television is not an issue of general consensus .
It is definitely a way of spending our free time .
However , does it teach us something ?
Does it help us grow and improve our knowledge ?
On the one hand , it is said to help people to spend quality time as they can learn about the most varied subjects from the comfort of their homes .
It is possible to watch documentaries , the news , concerts , plays and learn about current affairs .
Because of them , there 's an agent of the FBI , Dylan Rhodes , that persecute them through different states of the EE.UU .
The characters in charge of the four magicians are Jesse Eisenberg , Isla Fisher , Dave Franco and Woody Harrelson .
Morgan Freeman is the best actor of all times and perfect for the role of developer of tricks and helper of the FBI to catch the " Four Horsemen " .
Also , there is no other better for the role of agent as Mark Ruffalo .
The shots of Las Vegas , New Orleans , Paris and New York are wonderful , and the fact that nothing is computerized at the time to witness the magic tricks it absolutely amazing .
What I did not do in the Vacations
During the vacations I did n't enjoy my time because I did n't find out that I am a wizard .
Also , aliens did not get me and practice surgery on me .
I was very disappointed because I did not do any of these things during the vacations .
Since I did n't discover that I am , in fact , a wizard , I could n't get a magic wand .
Being normal gets old and not being a wizard is shabby .
I did not see the planets nor meet any sexy alien girl from Saturn .
Staying at home all day is regrettable and not being kidnapped by aliens gets really boring .
No one likes being " unfamous " and I do n't like not being Lady Gaga 's friend .
Indeed , what I did in the vacations was sleep the whole day , hang out with my " Unfamous " friends and write and compose two and a half songs .
Watching " as in heaven , in hell " was hilarious although it is a horror movie .
But , lets face it , doing these things is not as wonderful as discovering magic powers , being kidnapped by aliens or singins a song with Justin Timberlake and Lady Gaga .
Finally , the holidays have started .
Just a few more days and then we will be on our way to our holiday destination .
It will be our third time at this campsite .
Even though it is a large campsite , it feels small and cosy .
The campsite borders on a small lake which can be quite cold , even in summer .
However , we usually do not let this stop us from going into the water .
We like to visit the cities and various sights in the area .
One of the sights we definitely want to see is the former border between West - Germany and East - Germany .
We also like hiking and are planning on doing that a couple of times per week .
The region where we will stay has a nice system that encourages people to hike .
At some point during your hikes you can collect stamps in a special booklet .
For somewhat younger children this is a nice incentive to participate in these hikes .
We will probably stay at this campsite for about three weeks and besides the hiking we will read and laze about .
Hello ! My name 's Vanesa , I 'm 33 and I really enjoy watching soap operas .
These days I watch a lot of different soap operas , though my favourite one is -and will always be- Friends .
The plot is about six young people ( they 're about 26 ) : Ross , Rachel , Monica , Chandler , Joey & Phoebe .
They live in New York City and have a lot of comical and romantic adventures , all of them related to their friendship .
What could I say about the characters ?
Well , Ross is a paleontologist that works in the Natural History Museum , and he 's Monica 's older brother .
Chandler is the funny guy and he works as a stock agent .
Rachel has always been daddy 's little girl but , when she brakes her engagement at the beginning of the soap opera , she loses all her money and has to work as a waitress in a cafe ( though she gets a job related to the fashion world after a few years ) .
Joey is ... well , he 's Joey : not so clever , a great one for the girls , and -the most important- Chandler 's best friend .
And finally we have Phoebe , a veggie and bohemian girl who enjoys singing and playing the guitar and who works as a massage therapist .
This story continues until the end of the soap opera , when Ross and Rachel finally have a child ( Emma ) .
But there are a lot of funny stories , like Phoebe having her stepbrother 's children , or Joey becoming a great soap opera actor .
I recommend ' Friends ' to everyone .
I think it 's the best soap opera ever made .
Living without the Internet : Is it possible ?
Oh my God !
Today is the day . I have been told that I will be moving to my new apartment .
Good news !
But , wait !
It will also mean not having access to the Internet for a month !
Will I survive ?
Will my life be the same ?
First of all , I have to say that I totally depend on the Internet .
Not only do I use it for leisure , but I also use it for work . I would have to change the way I do things on a daily basis .
Secondly , I have many friends living abroad . I communicate with them using Skype .
Will I need to use the phone instead ?
Unlike the Internet , phone calls are really expensive .
I am not sure if I could afford it .
Will I find myself writing letters ?
Another thing to consider is not having that open window to the world .
Will I have to start buying magazines and newspapers to be informed ?
In conclusion , my life will be completely changed .
Michael was a person that was afraid of making any mistakes .
A new person entered his life one day .
Michael was nervous when he was asked to do some work together with that new fellow .
The only way was to show and prove to everyone that he was the best .
The newcomer could only watch it with a shy smile .
Their boss checked the work then .
He wanted to know his partner 's opinion too .
The poor boy said he was inspired by Michael 's enthusiasm .
It was perfect and he would be glad just to improve some things , to change the structure , to exclude unnecessary facts , to add some bright illustrations and so on .
The boy had changed everything in the content of the work by the end of their conversation .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Feeble souls
Most people love donating money to different charities , but have you ever thought about why it gives us such pleasure ? I believe it 's because , as humans , when we see someone happy , it makes us happy , especially if we are the reason for that happiness .
The problem is choosing who to donate to .
I choose none of the above .
I 've never understood why most people see a closed set of charitable organizations to choose from when they want to donate money .
In other words , they choose only from the most common causes .
When I think about donating money , I see sick children and adults with rare diseases , and small groups of scientists and doctors doing their best to help them , but who do n't have enough money for research . I choose them because I know that they are the least people who get help - because how would people help them if they do n't know about them ?
I have one of those unknown diseases , and I could easily donate to the doctors working on my illness , but I probably wo n't . I know that there are a lot of other people with diseases that are way harder than my own , and they need a cure much more than I do .
This makes me realize that even if I have a disease , as hard as it is , I 'm still better off than others and I 'm grateful .
I 'm grateful I can bear my sickness and live with it , because others ca n't .
We should all be thankful we are what we are , because we could be a lot worse off .
According to Berkow ( 2004 ) , Airway management is one component of anaesthesia procedure to ensure the patient 's airway is opened .
An example of an intervention in airway management is the ventilation mask that Mr. Sharma was using .
Also , this practice is the primary consideration for an efficient post - anaesthesia care ( Scoot , 2012 ) .
The majority of patients that has had a general anaesthetic , as Mr. Sharma , must recover in a PACU ( Post - anaesthesia Care Unit ) to monitor the vital signs , specially the airways management due to the anaesthesia , impeding any postoperative complication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
Addressing the airway management after Mr. Sharma 's admission on PACU , the first procedure that the nurse should do , is follow the A - G assessment protocol , to review the stability and the airway patency of the patient , sustaining the pulmonary ventilation to prevent hypoxemia and hypercapnia ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Mr. Sharma 's airway should be spare and clean from mucus or blood ( Pudner , 2010 ) .
Due to the surgery , Mr Sharma is in a supine position , but this position reduces his oxygenation ( Snowball , 2012 ) , and also can impede the air passage that is related to the anaesthesia effect , where the tongue and the lower jaw fall backward .
Hence , he needs oxygen supply to prevent any airway obstruction .
Thus , Mr. Sharma is been given O2 via Hudson mask 6L / min , because he received general anaesthesia and all of his muscles are relaxed and , at the moment , he do not have control over his reflexes ( Farrell & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
To help in this issue , the nurse should certificate that Mr. Sharma is confortable , and elevate the head of the bed for a more upright position in order to facilitate and increase his oxygenation , helping him to recover from faster his respiratory instability ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
The reason why walking is the best sport on the face of the Earth
First of all , let me address the title of this article .
I realise walking is not considered a sport by everyone .
I think it is a wrong way of thinking of sports .
Therefore , I am going to explain the advantages of walking .
I would like to start by saying it is free .
This could be seen as something minor , but being able to do the sport you love without paying is an incredible advantage .
Secondly , I love its freedom ; no pun intended .
You can walk whenever and wherever you like .
That is priceless .
Thirdly , walking gives you a longer life expectancy .
There are a lot of studies that prove this .
Last but not least , you do not need any kind of special equipment or people .
You can go walking alone and without shoes if you please .
Nevertheless , you learn a lot of things about any sport once you start doing it .
Therefore , I would like to share some things with you .
You can start walking as you like , despite that , you should wear comfortable clothes and shoes .
The reason is that , the longer you walk , the more you will feel what you are wearing .
The second piece of advice is that you should try to find the best places to walk around you .
I hope I have convinced all of you to go walking .
I am a true believer in walking .
All students are different in terms of their cognitive styles , learning levels and achievements , as well as motivation , personality , and pace of learning .
When there are students with varied levels in English , it may be challenging for teachers to prepare for or deliver the course .
Here are some of my solutions for this issue .
First of all , determining the needs of the students is always the top priority .
After that , teachers are supposed to use partnership and grouping exercises and activities in order to meet the individual 's needs .
Moreover , instead of using a core textbook , or using different levels of textbooks , carrying out a theme - based approach is more appropriate , and it also saves teachers ' preparation time .
Finally , preparing supplementary materials for both the upper or lower level of students , so that the higher achievers can stay excited and challenged , while the lower achiever can also learn by their own pace of learning .
Young people in Ukraine are more comprehensively developed than young people in USSR .
Now youngsters have open access to knowledge and information through the Internet .
The number of Ukrainian students who study abroad increases every year .
The most valuable thing is that there are so many supporters of different trends in all these areas .
In Ukraine , young people are different too .
Some people prefer one style of music , some - another .
That 's why it 's difficult to define one general style for the generation .
Discussing music styles , people in my country prefer pop and rock .
We can define it by a list of the TOP music charters on music channels .
There are a lot of Ukrainian executives .
If we speak about TV programs , Ukrainian youngsters like popular American and Russian serials , like the Theory of big bang , Suits , Breaking bad , the Game of thrones , the Kitchen and so on . I must admit that some representatives of Ukrainian youth watch too many serials and waste a lot of their time .
I think this problem is typical for almost all countries .
In clothes , youngsters prefer to wear famous fashion brands .
Many people follow fashion designers .
It 's interesting to admit that there is a fashion on Ukrainian traditional clothes " vishyvanka " now .
Also , I encourage you to visit Ukraine and to see its sightseens , to feel the culture and speak to nice people !
I live in a small town called Tui .
It 's in the northwest of Spain , in Galicia .
My town has got a lot of little villages around it , and it 's very difficult to create a public transport service , because there are long distances between the different places , and there are not enough people to make it profitable .
We have got a small train station in Tui , so we can go to a lot of places by train .
The train is more expensive , but at the same time , it is more comfortable .
I am writing in connection with your job advertisement ( Club organiser ) which I 've seen on the noticeboard of my language school .
As a member of the student club at my college , my responsibility is to organize events and collaborate with many students from different departments .
In order to create and maintain a team spirit , I use different tools like icebreakers and energizers .
Watching movies in groups is a great way to discuss different topics , like justice , personal identity and discrimination .
For the beginning , short and animated movies would be the best , such as the movie " Validation " , that teaches us how words have the power to change our lives .
With my experience and range of skills , I am sure I can contribute to your idea and organise great movie nights .
If I can provide you with any further information on my background and qualifications , please let me know .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
Thank you for your consideration .
Hi Jo ,
First of all , I would like to share with you my thoughts on travelling in Brazil .
Another very good option is exploring Brazil 's Northeast , which is as beautiful as Rio de Janeiro is .
About working , I think you have a great chance to find an opportunity to work in one of many multinational companies we have in Brazil .
Most of the biggest American companies are in Brazil for a long time and , as an English native speaker , it will be easier to you to find and internship .
The nine months that you will spend travelling around Brazil will give you a better understanding of Portuguese and that will be an advantage to you when find a new job here .
Once again , there is no other better place in the world to spend this time you have available .
I 'm looking forward to meeting you .
Thanks
Mr Jascolka
Welcome to London , tourists !
This report should help you buy genuine goods from our city .
First of all , you should avoid small market places .
They are known for selling fake products .
An example would be the Camden Town market .
If you 're looking for top quality products , we would recommend going to the Westfield shopping centre .
You will find top notch electronics and general goods .
Dear Paul ,
It was great you hear from you .
I 'm sorry I haven't written sooner , but I was still very busy .
As you know , I enjoyed helping at a concert last week .
It was a really exhausting , but illuminating experience .
It was a charity concert , the income of which was intended for children who suffer from cancer .
The main task of the volunteers was to collect money .
I sold tickets before the concert , and then , during the concert , I helped take care of security .
It was a truly amazing event .
Everything was new to me and very exciting .
But the most memorable thing was a meeting with the stars of the concert .
They are really great people who want to help others , without pay .
Apart from that , everything 's fine here in Poland .
Do n't forget that you 're always welcome to come and stay- I 'd love to see you , and we can take part in a similar event , as a volunteer , together .
Anyway , I must go now .
Write soon and tell me how you 're getting on .
Lots of Love .
Jane .
Dear friend ,
So , I will have time to also learn more about British culture and history .
You know how much I want to graduate in History .
The weekends are a perfect time for this .
Do you think you could join me ?
It would be amazing !
Which countries do n't you know in Europe ?
Take care and I hope to hear from you soon .
Dear Ms Richards ,
I 'm writing to apply for a job in summer camps advertised on your website .
I have graduated from Teacher Training University of Saint - Petersburg ( Russia ) , where I completed a degree in education .
I had penfriends in the United States of America and Australia .
Moreover , I attend speaking clubs , where native speakers lead the group .
I have some relevant experience , as I have worked in a kindergarten and done some babysitting simultaneously with my studies at the university .
References are enclosed .
I am very enthusiastic about working with children and would welcome the chance to make new friends .
I believe I would be suitable for the job advertised as I am a sociable , resourceful and industrious person .
I would readily meet the challenges of the job and handle the responsibilities .
I attach a full CV and if you require more information , I would be very happy to provide it .
Yours sincerely ,
Margarita Gavrilova
Old school dance .
Dancing is something that human beings have always did , in one way or another .
Therefore , I do n't feel embarrassed to admit that I love ballet .
Even if there are a lot of variants , I prefer classical ballet .
For me it was the perfect combination .
Sadly , things do n't always work out the way we expect .
Just as my enthusiasm for ballet thrived , my grades in school kept falling .
Consequently , I had to leave .
There are some things you should take into consideration if you want to try this sport .
Ballet requires a lot of time and effort .
It 's not only a physical sport , you really need to get your mind into it .
Furthermore , ballet is expensive . Supposing that this type of dance is n't a tradition in your country , prepare to open your wallet .
Some of the selected aspects for this assignment were the characteristics that Holden says he likes in others of his favorite books , since this is one of them .
D. B. Caulfield is a writer and he used to write short stories , including a book of short stories titled The Secret Goldfish , in which you can find Holden 's favorite one , The Secret Goldfish .
Holden tells us that his brother is now writing for Hollywood .
He does not like that his brother is " prostituting himself " by writing scripts for movies , since he does not like movies .
The purpose of this assignment is to explore the possible short story D. B. wrote and that Holden liked so much .
This was achieved by using as a reference the information that Holden gives us about this short story and including things in it that he might like .
After giving instructions for stage three , I was busy checking the register . I did n't monitor Ss for the first four minutes .
As a result , I found two Ss opening their booklets and reading the original text to copy the sentences .
I was lucky to notice that and I made it clear to the whole class that they should n't open their booklets .
Also , Ss were writing the sentences individually in their notebook instead of choosing only one person to write for the whole team .
I actually had to stop the whole class and ask them to nominate one person to write for the whole group .
Ss could hardly hear each other well because of the rectangular layout of the room .
The chairs were placed in a U shape , which made it difficult for team members to discuss their ideas and to maintain eye contact .
Additionally , one team had finished reconstructing their story while other teams needed more time to finish the task .
I forgot to prepare extra materials for fast finishers .
I was lucky to remember the word search at the end of the booklet , so I asked them to do it in pairs .
I also forgot to set the time for the activity .
As a result , one team only finished half of the sentences .
Dear Paul ,
When I agreed to go and help out at the concert , it was no mistake to do so .
I enjoyed every aspect of the experience : the people , the music , the atmosphere , ... When I first arrived at that building , I could not find the entrance .
Then one of the band members and some early visitors came along and took me to the other side of the street into a pub .
From the corridor an underground pathway led to the basement of the strange building opposite .
It is still a mystery to me how so many people managed to find their way inside , but when we were in the concert hall at last , hundreds were there already and people were obviously laughing about the fact that the main entrance had magically disappeared .
The atmosphere was really nice ; the people were so light - hearted and I just felt like I could be friends with anyone immediately .
Of course , I originally came there to work : putting the chairs and tables right , ensuring that everyone in my appointed space was well - fed , and keeping an eye on the cash counter .
But for the greatest part I was able to just listen to the music and sing along with the jovial guys leaning against the bar .
See you soon ,
Greets
5 .
Way Forward
5.1 .
Raising the academic performance of Students
The principal is dedicated to developing a favourable learning environment .
All of the above have been taken a good progress in developing the P.1 - 4 school - based mathematics curriculum while there is still an area for developing in the P.5 & 6 mathematics curriculum .
The improvement of TSA results and internal results celebrated the success of teachers ' efforts .
5.2 . Sustaining capacity building through CLP
The school could consider stepping up collaborative efforts in developing coherence in curriculum development .
The CLP could be further adopted as a vehicle to identify the learning needs of students and to build capacity of teachers .
More professional opportunities could be purposefully arranged to explore some effective strategies and promote discussion among teachers .
Sharing among teachers could be encouraged to understand the learning of NCS .
Technology plays a key role in our modern lives .
Nowadays , with the development of genetics , we might be able to stop world famine .
According to an article published by UNAM in 2001 , the introduction of GMC 's has had a huge impact on the global market .
The usage of genetically modified crops has proven to be dangerous for humans as well as for the environment .
In their quest for the perfect seed , genetic engineers have strengthened crops that are destroying the seeds ' biodiversity , as stand by a research led by Greenpeace , GMC crops are threatening to human health because they present more toxic traces than non - modified crops .
Consequently , we must be careful with the decisions we make .
In conclusion , I would rather say that companies must reinforce our humanity before manipulating the environment in such a radical manner .
ENGLISH - LANGUAGE TV PROGRAMMES IN ITALY .
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to analyse and assess the impact of English - language television programmes on Italian culture and to make suitable recommendations .
Popularity of English - language TV programmes
The presence on electronic devices of English - language TV programmes is becoming more and more prominent .
• 40% of those interviewed , most of which have proven to be young people , declared that they watch English - language TV programmes at least five times a week ;
• 30% of them stated that they watch them at most twice a week , but they would do so more often if they were subtitled ;
• 30% of them said they never watch them .
People enjoy listening to the original audio , which entails realism and naturalness .
Besides , avoiding the dubbing process , episodes can be seen in concert with their original airing .
Impact on local culture
Italian companies must face the challenge set by the market demand due to the importation of many foreign traditions .
Recommendations
It is highly recommended that the government should provide adequate financial support to traditional small businesses .
I would therefore suggest that local products be protected and valorised , to be able to reply to the threat represented by low - price imported ones .
I totally agree with this statement and , to my mind , people should travel a lot , because our world is incredible .
But there is one more question : travel by car or public transport ?
First of all , of course , travelling by car is much more convenient than , for example , by bus .
You can drive wherever and whenever you want .
But , on the other hand , a traffic jam or bad weather can make our trip inconvenient .
Moreover , there are not many parking places in big cities .
Secondly , travelling by public transport is much cheaper .
Not all people can afford travelling by car every day , so they choose public transport .
Thirdly , we should take care of our environment !
Cars pollute our air , what leads to many diseases such as asthma , allergy and even cancer .
Moreover , cars release poisonous exhaust fumes and chemicals into the air , which mix with the water in the clouds , and the polluted rain , which later falls , damages trees , lakes and buildings .
So , my advice is to travel by bicycle ( or at least , use public transport ) , because it is environmentally friendly !
Summary of the article " Business à la française " which was written by Simon Kuper .
By Arno Brodeur , student number 1234567 , class ABCD1EF .
The opinion of Simon Kuper is that the main reason for the misunderstandings are different languages .
This is in contrast to the guide " Light at the End of the Tunnel : Practical Reflections on the French and British in Business " published by the French chamber of commerce in Great Britain .
The late actor , Louis de Funès , is mentioned as a role model by the chamber of commerce 's guide .
When you get hired by a British employer , it will be because of your experience or achievements as a leader in sports .
In France , the level of education is the main reason for hiring someone .
The British does n't speak out what they are thinking , in contrast to the Dutch .
The chamber 's guide was written by business men and women who were familiar with the habits of both countries .
Something to remember is that people allow each other their own national habits , up to a certain point .
In 1995 , the French came to notice that their languish was n't enough for doing business worldwide .
The native speakers seek each other out , the British come together with the Americans , and the French , well … they are on their own .
« I 'm 22 years old and my name is Daniel .
I live in a small town called Grycksbo and I 've been part of Unga Kris volunteering programs since the summer of 2010 .
At first , I joined Unga KRIS and started volunteering to have fun and meet new people .
Now that I have been volunteering for a while , my expectations have changed : Unga KRIS is still a place where I expect to have fun and meet new people , but I also expect to grow even more as a person , to take on responsibilities and face my fears in different social situation . »
I choose this topic because I think volunteer work is important .
Volunteer work provides an organization with free resources to help it achieve goals .
Sometimes volunteer work , such as renovating a playground , benefits the broader community .
And while volunteer work is important for the individuals and communities served , it also benefits the volunteer .
I have already done volunteer work and it 's something I want to do again .
When I was nineteen , I started and ran my own business , for me , it was one of the most exciting choices that I made .
Of course , without the full support of my family , I could n't have done it .
In fact , I was responsible and I had the determination and the skills , because I learned it from my parents .
So I did n't mind working against time and for long hours .
I got used to it .
I was very ambitious !
During the next ten years , I was thrilled about the fact that I was able to put aside money in order to build our flat step by step .
It was exhausting ! !
Introduction
The aim of this report is to examine the possibility of hosting the European football championship in my country .
This report outlines the benefits and the possible objections .
Location
As a matter of fact , Budapest , the capital city of Hungary , can be a very good competitor for hosting this sporting event .
The river Danube divides Budapest into two parts .
Margit Island is a favourite destination for runners and lovers .
The island boasts fresh air and clear parks .
Buda castle is an impressive ancient picturesque building and an attractive tourist location .
Transportation system
Regardless of the mode of transport , fares are very affordable .
The transportation system is effective .
The underground system can ease congestion .
You can rent bikes .
Facilities
1 . )
Puskás Ferenc stadium has ample seats for the spectators .
It is suitable for 68976 people .
This inexpensive hotel has 112 rooms .
3 . ) Le Meridien is set in the city 's fashionable business hub .
The luxurious hotel has 218 rooms .
Cultural Life
The flourishing cultural life will fascinate visitors .
I recommend the Hungarian National Museum .
Objections
Suggestions
Old historical buildings are in disrepair .
The government should renovate the buildings , which would be a great shelter for homeless people .
In conclusion , it would be a good idea and a viable way is through sponsorships .
Moreover , this would be advantageous both for the hosting city and the tourists .
It happened in May 2008 .
I had just graduated from the Academy and was on my summer holidays .
I was looking for a job .
I was a little bit sad , because all my friends had already found a job .
I decided to go to my parents ' and spend a few weeks helping them with a renovation of their house .
It was the third day of my visit .
I was painting the front wall of the house when a postman came .
He brought a letter for me .
I was surprised because all my friends knew that I had n't been living at my parents ' house .
I opened the envelope and found in it an offer of employment .
At first , I did not understand anything and I had decided that it was a mistake .
But then I remembered that when I was 15 I 've sent my scientific work to the Patent service .
Our life - 50 years from now
Most people think that in 50 years ' time , we will have used up all the Earth 's natural resources .
They say that the Earth 's population will need to find and colonise two planets as our forests and fresh water supplies will vanish .
Of course , all of this is unrealistic .
It 'll be impossible for people to live on other planets in 50 years ' time .
Technology wo n't have been advanced enough by that time .
But it 's not entirely impossible .
There is a little truth and possibility in it .
Mankind will have found other energy sources , similar to wind powered energy , solar energy and water powered energy .
Maybe they will be using atoms or hydrogen , since hydrogen is all around us and it 's very powerful .
Many young students who have finished their secondary education wonder whether they should take a year off before they make the most important decision about which university course they find suitable for their future .
On the one hand , there are many students who strongly believe that having a break for quite a long time is a waste of time .
Firstly , most teenagers who are against this idea are convinced that the university course they have chosen will be the future career in their lives .
Moreover , they feel they have to make the most of their time , to become a university graduate and get a life in what they really love .
Conversely , there are many teenagers who need to take their time and see much of what the world has to offer them .
Therefore , they choose a job that is related to a hobby or sport so that they can learn from it and earn money at the same time .
Others , by contrast , choose a country or trace an itinerary to travel to the place of their dreams and set off to live new experiences .
I learned somewhere that the best thing to make a path through your writing is to start tipping .
I 'm not sure if this is true or wrong , because simply I 'm not here to judge or comment on the authenticity of the statement , but rather , I 'm here to make my path through writing .
What is a path through writing ?
How can one know they have got the talent ?
How can one know they have the guts ? what I believe , and I think it 's true , is that braveness , boldness as well as callousness make people write truly what they think , without any lies , without any camouflage and without any kind of burnished layers .
People hold different views about the causes of crime .
While some people argue that bad human nature is the reason , it is undeniable that social problems and indigence are responsible for the proliferation of wrongdoings .
To begin with , it is true that humans are often born with greed and selfishness .
For example , it is not difficult to see the media talking about a son who kills his parents for money or a girl who is murdered by her boyfriend out of rage due to jealousy .
These crimes may be committed by sensible people who are not able to control themselves at crucial times .
Big cities such as Hanoi or New Delhi witness a growth in juvenile delinquency , which mostly stems from rural and underdeveloped areas .
The proliferation of these crimes undoubtedly has a negative effect on the city 's life .
The effect of adult movies on the Internet can cause offence such as rape .
Also , films and video games containing violent scenes can stimulate audiences to imitate those acts and commit crimes .
This is particularly common among young people , who are unable to differentiate between fiction and reality .
In the past , people used technology as a tool for making survival an easier endeavor .
Nowadays , we are witnessing a shift in the role technology is playing in our society and may continue to play for generations to come .
In the modern - day world technology is no longer a tool for survival but it has turned to a means of communication and entertainment .
Mass communication technology has made it easier than ever to connect with people .
At the same time , this raises the concern of whether technology has a good or bad influence on our society , is the use of technology destroying face - to - face interaction and communication between people ?
Whenever you 're in a coffee shop , standing at a bus stop or taking the tube , you can easily see how people are connected to each other using different sorts of electronic devices .
I personally believe that imitation is just the sincerest form of admiration .
In our current society , we can see it daily .
If someone depends on you and s / he is constantly paying attention to you and being , in a colloquial way , a " brown nose " , you notice and become aware of it quickly .
Just because of their attitude and aptitude , their behaviour … simply in the way they act , we can see their intentions .
Nowadays , in some determinate cases , people , when they pretend to get a good position or be promoted , they flatter .
And we can see these examples in many situations , when we find inept and incompetent workers .
When acceding to these jobs is not through civil service exams , I think there are only two ways : influences or flattery ; and to be honest , I do n't know what I prefer .
I ca n't think of any one reason why I want to be a surgeon .
But I can think of a thousand reasons why I should quit .
They make it hard on purpose .
There are lives in our hands .
There comes a moment when it 's more than just a game .
And you either take that step forward , or turn around and walk away . I could quit .
But here 's the thing : I love the playing field .
It 's all about lines .
The finish line at the end of residency , waiting in line for a chance at the operating table , and then , there 's the most important line .
The line separating you from the people you work with .
It does n't help to get too familiar .
To make friends .
You need boundaries between you and the rest of the world .
Other people are far too messy .
It 's all about lines .
Drawing lines in the sand , and praying like hell no one crosses them .
But here 's what I know .
There 's another way to survive this competition .
( Meredith is leaving for the day .
She sees Viper with his friends and they smile at each other ) One you have to learn for yourself .
Number five : it 's not about the race at all .
There are no winners or losers .
Victories are counted by the number of lives saved .
And once in a while , if you 're smart , the life you save could be your own .
I am really interested in martial arts , such as Aikido , Judo and self - defense , that I have already practiced .
There are some that do not need too much forces and strengths , such as Thai chi , and others that need more , like Karate , Judo , and so .
These kinds of sports have some advantages and disadvantages .
When you practise martial arts , you learn how to protect yourself against any sudden attack .
You will get ready to fight with others , regardless of their strengths , ages and so on .
The second advantage of doing martial arts is that you learn how to respect others .
Every time , you do a technique you have to show your respect to your opponent , and also other ranks , regardless to their age .
The third one is movement and coordination between different parts of the body ; eyes , hands and legs .
When you do a technique or defense against a technique , you control your body 's movement and coordinate them to work in the same time .
Some people think there are some disadvantages , like injury , and getting aggressive .
According to studies , martial arts have fewer injuries than other sports like soccer .
And when you are starting , follow the discipline and find the ideas and thoughts that are hidden behind the movements and techniques .
In the other words , try to understand the philosophy of the sports before learning the techniques .
Last night I had the opportunity to attend a marvelous play based on the book " Alice in Wonderland " which was enthusiastically received by both adults and children .
One of the biggest differences compared with the book is the atmosphere created on stage and the characterization of the characters .
Like what was once , I have no doubt that this world of wonders will remain important in the coming years .
Rationale :
" Encourage learner autonomy - the teacher wo n't always be there to provide answers " . Alternatives to whole class feedback onestopenglish .
This time , in order to further reduce my TTT , I handed over the correction of activities to the students as well .
I hope that by handing over the complete control to the class , this would give them more chance to practice real world discussion and negation . techniques .
I had an exact copy of what the students had on their clue cards on a separate piece of paper this time , rather than in the lesson plan its self .
I highlighted anything that required an action from me on my copy of the clues , e.g. handing a student the answers to an exercise .
Giving the students the answers to the exercises was a partially efficient way to encourage the students to speak more .
I found that the class challenged the student who had the answers , if they had written down something different .
I found that they challenged each other more than they ever do me .
This method made the class lively and gave the students a chance to really defend their points of view .
They used a lot of language that they would be able to use in everyday discussions ( arguments ) outside of the classroom .
I decided to cut an exercise in order to let the students continue their discussions .
In heinz sight , giving this much control to the class and introducing a new and tricky grammar point ( past modals ) was not the best choice .
Insights for future lessons :
The next time I do this lesson , I would use a more skills - based lesson with perhaps a listening or a short reading .
If grammar was part of the lesson , It would need to be a point that is being revised .
Despite having timing issues , I feel that , thus far , this was the class with the most natural student participation and the lowest amount of TTT .
I throughly enjoyed the lesson and , according to student feedback , so did they .
Last year , I visited one of the most historic and famous cities in the world , Rome , a city where you can find a country inside it .
I do love the city , and I hope you also like it .
It 's a huge , historic and imposing building .
With regard to the weather , I went in March , and it was a little cool for my taste and it rained , so if I were you , I would go a few months later .
Despite the people 's opinions , if you have the opportunity to go , do n't throw it away , and check it out for yourself .
FRIENDSHIP TODAY
As the majority of you , I have friends who are still around me since many years ago , although we do n't see each other regularly , others simply have softly become less important and some , luckily , have recently entered my life .
At some point , all of us have benefited enormously from a real friendship .
With any doubt , a good friend is a treasure .
As the saying goes , " A friend in need is a friend indeed " .
Nevertheless , a friendship depends largely on sincerity and empathy .
If you respect your friends , then they will respect you .
In other words , no matter how far away you live , a good friend will always support to you .
As I said before , every moment in your life is different as your friends probably are too .
Dear Amal ,
At first , we did n't know what was it from , then I realized that the cake had blue berries , and I 've never eaten one before .
What 's that ! ?
" , then I found everyone staring at me .
Some only stared , some screamed , and the others laughed at me , the people who were screaming , and who were staring .
I did n't know what was happening , and why they were acting like this .
Suddenly , I felt my whole body itching me , mom took me upstairs .
But , thanks to mom , I feel much better now .
Hope to hear from you soon .
yours ,
Zahraa .
How is the experience of learning another language like ?
The learning of our mother tongue language is a long - term process that everyone has to be involved in .
However , anyone who is skilled in speaking a foreign language has a huge advantage in a competitive and worldwide society .
I had the opportunity to have different language classes , such as English , French and Spanish .
Therefore , the hardest task of learning another language is to keep a high level of motivation to work on it and to pay for it .
Nevertheless , learning another language has many benefits , such as the ability in living in and visiting countries with different languages , meeting foreign people , working in an international environment , reading books or websites in other languages , etc .
Thus , I suggest that everyone learn another language , in order to be a citizen , not of a country , but of the world .
The RUBBERNECKER novel review by Marian Greco
The writer lets us observe the fear , anxiety and the defenceslessness of Sam , a neurological patient who is just beginning to emerge from its comatose state and who has yet to deal with the reality of his new situation , sorting out pieces of memories involving relatives and not quite understanding why a woman he does n't know anything about claims to be his wife .
In this task , Patrick will be helped out by Lexi , the daughter of his autopsy corpse , to throw some light out of the creepy suspicion of medical mistreatment and their darkest consequences .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
It was too late and the others were n't coming , the sun was setting and looking for them was n't an option .
They had to think , and they had to do it quickly because those things , the things that came out at night , were growing stronger and stronger .
Everything started with some attacks here and there , but no one really knew what was happening , so the attacks were tagged as " animal attacks " .
They told them everything .
In order to be stronger in number , they befriended those people and they helped each other .
The new group worked very well together , but there was this girl he just could n't stand at all .
And now he was alone with her , waiting for the others to come back .
" Oh , shut up you delicate flower " said the girl . "
Get over it !
We will have to get along if we want to survive " .
Her words of wisdom left Peter stunned .
Dear camp director :
I have worked for a long time in a school and I consider myself very good with kids and teenagers .
I 'm 23 years old and love to cook and I also love to be outdoors and play sports with the kids , I love organizing activities for children and actually playing with them , I 'm always cheerful and in a great mood , I do n't smoke or Drink , I have a good level of english speaking and I 've always been hardworking and energetic .
I 'm also very good with first aid , so if someone is hurt , I 'm very helpful with that too , I can do pretty much anything that you want me to , I love all kids and I love spending time with them , I love playing outside and caring for all the children .
overall I just love children .
Thank you
Marian
My plan is simple , I want to make the best of this British experience by studying English and possibly by finding a little job .
By the way , if you can send me a list of job vacancies in your city it would be great .
I do not want to bother you but it would be fantastic .
In return for your help I could teach you some Italian recipes that I know you are fond of !
Now , let 's talk about the good things .
The aim of this experience is also having fun and a great time with you .
Thank you in advance and I am looking forward to hearing from you .
All the best
Silvia
I am rather lazy as a person , I ca n't say I really enjoy sports in general , but I definitely love walking .
I think it 's so effective : having a long walk on the green hills that surround my town , breathing deeply , enjoying the perfume of nature and the wonderful sights and colours of flowers and trees , it 's the best way for me to clear my mind .
When it 's sunny , I love it even more if possible : the warm hug of the sun makes me feel loved , cuddled and so grateful for that .
You may want some nice music with you , so an Ipod is a handy solution to collect all your favourite songs and set up the perfect soundtrack to your walking activity .
I would recommend 30 min per day , to get the most out of this activity : it does n't take up too much of your spare time and you 'll get great benefits from it .
It 's very cheap as well : except for your jumpsuit and a pair of comfortable trainers , it does n't require any extra cost for technical or sophisticated equipment .
Dear Jo ,
Thank you for your email .
I 'm really happy that you are going to come to my country .
Actually , now I 'm staying in New Zealand , but I can give you some advice about travelling and working in Korea .
I think this is a very good experience to you because you can learn about another culture and another people 's way of thinking .
If you have that visa , you can travel and also work .
As you know , if you have a normal tourism visa , you ca n't work .
Also , if you want to work a in more specific place , such as an electric company , public office and so on , you can apply to an internship programme .
How long do you want to travel ?
Normally , summer is the best season for travelling .
We have lots of beautiful beaches and mountains .
It is the most popular place that people want to go to .
So , now I have to go back to work .
If you want to know more information about Korea , let me know , and I do n't mind checking your plan to go to Korea .
All the best ,
Yeeun
It was a winter 's night .
While most people stayed at home next to the fireplace , I was on the point of changing my life .
Suddenly , the streets of the village were witnesses of the dreadful crime .
Some days later , somebody knocked at the door .
When I opened , I was handcuffed straight away and I pretended to be surprised .
He told me he was going to interview me . I had tried to get rid of the body .
Fortunately , Michael , who had n't thought of that option , left the interrogation room .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Time was running out , he thought to himself .
Even now , as he stood in the doorway of this abandoned apartment building he knew that they may be hot on his trail .
With over two hundred thousand dollars in his bag , he was a giant walking target .
He smiled , knowing that even the best laid plans crumble and was glad that he was taught to plan to police standards .
Peter began his slow dissent into the bowels of the building in front of him .
Graffiti covered the lower portions like a twisted skirt , doors missing , and windows gone .
His feet crunched on the unknown as he walked through the abandoned hallways .
Peter 's head jerked around as the first signs of his crime came to light .
Now running , Peter soon found himself on the top floor .
His panting turned into a magnificent grin as he looked out the window and saw a black helicopter heading in his direction .
Home free , he thought to himself .
Besides , public transport is very crowded with people at peak hours .
But , on the other hand , when they travel abroad , it 's easier to take a train o a plane because you arrive faster and you need n't find a place to park your car and , if you want to go somewhere , you can take a taxi or a bus or even the underground .
In conclusion , from my point of view , if you are in your own town or city , you use your car more often than when you are visiting another country and seeing the sights .
This diagram illustrates the complete process of note - making .
Then comes the most important stage -- inspection .
In this step , workers are needed to manually inspect the quality of sheets and divide them into three groups : good quality , partially damaged quality and bad quality .
My boyfriend .
He is my favourite person , and he always takes care of me .
His name is Jose and I love him with all my heart .
When I first saw him , I never imagined that I would love that stranger this way .
That day is one of the memories I appreciate the most .
Because I want him to be my daughter's / son 's dad , and to share an apartment with him , so we can buy our first Christmas tree as a couple with a real engagement , and spend every holiday , birthday , day , minute with him by my side .
I can finally just say that Jose is the most beautiful accident that has happened in my life .
He loves my family , my friends , my mistakes , my beauty , all myself from head to toe , and the most important thing , he loves me with all his heart .
I love him and I know that I always will .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
Danny .
Thank god for his existence in this world .
Her mind wandered to the first moment she laid eyes on beautiful Danny .
She pursed her lips .
It was not an absolutely pleasant experience .
In fact , she was still cringing at that ugly thought .
Inhale .
The room was full of sweaty bodies .
They were moving in slow - motion .
Alison took a step forward and slammed into someone 's soaked t - shirt .
Disgusting .
Alison quickly wiped the remains of the person 's sweat with her hands .
Her lips curled in disgust .
" Excuse me ? " His voice boomed .
She finally looked up .
She could n't help staring and realised his eyes were not the shade of any typical blue .
Alison swallowed her laughter inside her , knowing this was not the appropriate time to joke around .
" Excuse me ? " His voice boomed louder this time .
Exhale .
She opened her eyes .
She did not want to remember anything further on that night .
It was terrible but it was the only night she met Danny .
If that terrible night did not happen , what is happiness ?
What is hope ?
What is love ?
What is the point of living ?
She knows , she knows and she knows it is so wrong to put all happiness , dreams and hopes on someone that may leave anytime , but she could not help it .
We need free books for our schools
This is an old petition .
Every year we waste money buying new books for our students .
We also waste paper in those books .
We do not need to go down that road again .
We can avoid repeating the same mistake again and again .
First of all , let me tell you the adavantages .
They are obvious , nevertheless , I feel I should repeat them .
Each book can be used by more than one person .
Therefore , it is cheaper . We can save money and trees .
The former does not need any explanation .
The latter is going to be more important as time passes .
Next , we could ask for help to our community . I have some books in my library I could donate .
I have them because I have paid for them , not for any other particular reason .
I imagine I am not the only one who could donate books .
Last but not least , we could create an association that could be in charge of receiving books at the beginning .
Later , it could support other school initiatives .
We must stop wasting our resources .
I am writing to express my very strong interest in and motivation to work in one of the largest and most professional companies in the world , such as your company .
As I am planning to move to Ireland within several months , I have considered DHL as the best choice for me in order to continue my professional and personal development in the best way .
I believe I possess the necessary skills and experience you are seeking and would make a valuable addition to your company .
As my CV indicates , I possess a significant and progressive experience in the field of transportation logistics , organisation of people as well as equipment , analysing and optimising the transportation costs in both domestic and international transport etc .
You will find me to be a reliable person who has a professional , calm and honest approach to all work - related matters .
Technically minded and with good problem resolution skills , I am able to work effectively in fast - paced and ever - changing environments .
Additionally , I would like also to point out some of my personal qualities and values I believe that are extremely important in this profession , such as very high motivation to learn and educate in this field more , great responsibility and reliability , furthermore , I am also very dedicated to achieving any planned results and goals as well as possession of well developed communication skills etc .
Given my related experience and excellent capabilities , I would appreciate your consideration for any available or appropriate position according to my education and skills .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Again , thank you for your consideration .
" So here we are " he said , looking upward . "
We 'd better do our exam as soon as we can . "
She looked around , making faces at everyone around her .
She made a complaint ; they were so annoying .
" You have to do your duty here too , remember ? We made a progress back in the other city . "
Who could it be ?
It was difficult to tell .
They needed someone who looked important or rich .
Someone who knew too much maybe .
" What about him ?
" She pointed at a man who was making a deal with another man .
As usual , they were talking about illegal things .
" He will be our ticket to the main building and to the exam " he said .
He was making preparations to make a huge deal with the other person .
The other person was n't convinced , howewer .
They talked for hours . One trying to convince the other , he was doing his best , but at the end , the other man declined .
When he finished talking , he looked to the young couple in front of him .
" What are you doing here , pests ? !
The young couple grinned . " You haven't heard about the mind hackers , right ? "
They said in a delightful and evil tone .
He gasped and tried to scream , but it was too late to run .
They controlled his mind .
She looked on her laptop , where all the information in that man 's mind was displayed .
" Bingo . We got a code . "
She made a note and wrote it down .
She inspected the man , looking for an Id. She took it and as soon as they got it , they let the man go , who fainted and will not remember anything that happened to his mind .
The building was luxurious and covered by the most wonderful structures ever .
They got with the receptionist .
What was inside was dangerous but fascinating .
They saw every register of the memories of people in that town .
It was disturbing , as kids were also included .
The young couple continued forward until they reached him .
She felt somehow nervous . " I know we are doing this to escape this inferno , but ... I have a bad feeling about this . " but it was too late .
They made a decision and one of the bosses was in front of them .
They walked in to find a man looking through the window .
" You two are finally here . I know who you are . "
It was impossible . They deleted every bit of information about themselves .
" Did you think you two were going to make fun of me? ... "He pushed her backwards .
" Welcome to your tombstone , hackers . "
Yes .
Just how a coin has two sides , television , too , has its pros and cons .
It offers unlimited entertainment as well as food for thought .
To quote an example , the prime minister of India recently launched a new channel called DD KISAN - the first television channel dedicated to farmers in India .
This would help the farmers to know the latest techniques and trends in agriculture and will also enable them to put across their queries to the concerned specialists in their field .
Let 's take a look at our cartoon channels .
Hence , I conclude that television entertains as well as educates .
The home of the future will look more or less the same as the home of the present .
However , I believe that their functionality will change .
Even today , processors are in almost every device : dishwashers , vacuum cleaners , television sets , even blenders .
So , how can we improve them ?
By hooking them up to the Internet .
It may sound silly , but I think it actually will make those devices more user - friendly and functional .
Even now , we can buy TV sets with an Internet connection , so development of technology is not a problem .
But we have to ask ourselves , why would we connect every device in our house to the World Wide Web ?
The answer is :
remote control .
Reassuming , while the design of houses may look different , the most important change will be in technology , which will make our life easier .
It has already done this , but we still ca n't see the end of the possibilities .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I have read your advertisement in the local newspaper and I am writing to apply for a job at USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I am a 16-year - old teenager from Argentina and at present I am in a double shift secondary school .
Apart from that , I have been studying English for 10 years and I am sitting for Cambridge First Certificate in English next December .
Firstly , I would like to say that I have some experience in looking after children because I have worked at a local summer camp last summer .
As part of that job , I had to teach children to swim and I was in charge of serving breakfast every morning .
As for my personality , I would like to mention that I am a funny person who enjoys telling jokes , making people laugh and even getting dressed up as a clown to entertain others .
Furthermore , I do not mind working long hours .
I hope my application will be taken into consideration .
Thank you in advance ,
Yours faithfully ,
Franco Calderón
People are becoming more and more aware of the strain the carbon dioxide emissions of their cars put on the environment , and many municipalities have already outlawed the circulation of certain types of vehicles in given parts of their cities to reduce atmospheric pollution and improve the quality of its air .
The recent focus on public transport , along with the certain technological improvements and innovations that will follow it , are going to revitalize the public transport sector and hopefully make cities more eco - friendly .
He walked as fast as someone who knows the way .
His head was wandering around the sweet smile that made him feel nervous like a child just a few minutes ago .
The voices in his head kept repeating : " Michael , you should have kissed her .
You do n't know if you will ever have another chance . "
On the other hand , his wife , his not - so - lovely wife , always angry and cold as ice , was waiting for him at home .
As Michael approached the house his feelings dropped down .
Was she alone ?
Why is that car parked right at his house 's door ?
Why are all the lights on ?
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The problem with this movie is not the story , because the book is fantastic and when you read it , you really can feel the emotions to the characters .
So the problem for me is the way the movie is made , with several changes from the original script .
Although there are a lot of things which could be improved , not everything is bad in this movie !
Other good features are the customs and the landscapes , which give to the movie a very realistic image and carry the spectators to that time .
Dear Katy
I 'm really glad to hear from you !
So , you do n't know what to do with your promel , do you ?
Do n't worry , I 'll try to make it easy for you to decide which is the option that suits you best .
On the one hand , you 've been doing sport since you were seven years old and I understand it 's very important for you .
However , as far as I 'm concerned , it 's not necessary to work out that much to be healthy .
As a matter of fact , you just have to eat a balanced diet and do sport twice or three times a week .
That way , you will be able to do sport as well as going to music classes .
On the other hand , you love playing piano and , in my opinion , you wo n't be able to keep it up if you give up music classes , as you do n't have any instruments at home .
Besides , I do n't think your parents would buy you a piano , since it would really annoy your neighbours .
Besides , as I have already said , you can exercise three or four hours a week instead of going every day to your training session .
As I see it , you could n't live without music even if you tried .
Now it 's your time to choose .
I hope my advice makes sense to you and that it helps with your decision .
Best of luck with your dilemma and do n't forget to write and tell me the outcome !
Love
Ariana
The majority of people think of sport as a way to relax , to get thin , or to keep fit .
However , I see sport as a physical activity , where I constantly challenge myself to achieve better results .
It 's just like a competition when I practise sport .
My favourite sport is swimming . I can only practise it in my free time , as school keeps me very busy .
When I 'm able to , I go swimming twice a week for two hours each .
At least once a month , usually on Sundays , my friends and I hold a competition .
Swimming gives me a huge amount of satisfaction and so much desire to keep on challenging myself .
Dear Editor ,
I am writing to inform you that the package holidays to Madrid you are currently advertising in your newspaper are apparently not what they claimed to be .
Generally , the holiday as a whole was good enough , as the most important -in my opinion- aspects , like the quality of the guided tours and the accommodation , was very high .
Nevertheless , there were many inaccuracies in the advertisement and certain aspects of the holiday were chaotic .
The tourist agency made group bookings , which resulted in the unusually low price of the holiday package .
Spending holidays with a group can be very convenient and , for some people , is the only way of travelling , but the advertisement did not state clearly that it concerned this particular type of holiday , which made me and some others feel deceived .
Another point of concern was transportation .
We had several problems , especially with the bus , which was often delayed and in one case it even caused us to miss a scheduled guided tour .
I believe there is plenty of room for improvement since , although the problems were not insuperable , they caused great inconvenience .
Firstly , a better transport agency should be found for the former difficulties to be prevented .
Secondly , advertisements should be clearer as it is very easy for someone to misunderstand them .
But the most important issue is the improvement of the general organization .
I assume that the tourist agency can think of better solutions than me , but I hope that my recommendations will be taken seriously .
Best Regards ,
There are six main characters : Ross , Monica , Rachel , Chandler , Phoebe and Joey .
The setting is in New York and they meet daily in a bar called Central Perk .
Ross is Monica 's brother and he is deeply in love with Rachel .
On the other hand , Joey and Chandler live together .
Joey is an actor and he is always making auditions but without success .
And Chandler works in an office , but he does n't really like his job .
Phoebe is the funniest of the group , she sings and plays the guitar , but she is not very good at it .
Monica is her best friend !
The six friends might not have the same opinion , they might argue , they might get angry with each other , but they always forgive and forget !
In my opinion , young people will love this show .
To sum up , I really recommend you to see it , you 'll love it .
The last film I saw was called " No Escape " .
It is the best movie I have ever seen ! You will be tense while watching the whole movie and I know it .
The events are really intense and they just keep getting more and more intense by the minute .
It also shows you the power of the family and how they should stick together through all the difficulties they face .
It also shows how you should always think of others before thinking of yourself .
With no doubt , all parents want their children to be citizen models .
However , raising a child into a model citizen is extremely hard - working .
Some people think that this job should be done by the parents and others think unfairly that this is the teacher 's responsibility .
On one hand , parents should take responsibility on their children 's education as they are a child 's first contact .
Also , parents are like models to follow for their children , and as children do what they see , they will copy their parents ' actions .
Indeed , school is the first place where a children interacts with society .
However , they will talk or build a relationship based on what they see their parents doing with other people .
On the other hand , parents may have a lack of time to spend with their children due to demanding jobs and to provide everything that their children need , for example , pay for their children 's school .
It can also be argued that children spend most of their time at school and not at home , making it the school 's responsibility to pass on good social values .
But it should not be forgotten , that parents have the most influence as they are models to follow .
To sum up , parents should take full responsibility for their children 's education .
Dear Sir ,
I have taken part in a volunteer programme , looking after children 6 - 12 during the school term , and therefore , I consider myself as having a good knowledge of children 's behaviour , that might be useful for the summer camp .
During my apprenticeship , I was in charge of organising several activities , so I think I could do well at organising sports and activities .
Cooking has always been one of my favourite hobbies , and for this reason , I also would like to help in the kitchen activities .
Should you have further questions , do not hesitate to contact me at any time .
Ana Cantú
It tells the story of a widowed shop owner and a mentally handicapped girl .
As time passes by , the relationship has so many ups and downs , but with consistent love and caring , it ends with a strong bond that is n't easily broken .
The only reason I want to recommend this movie to you is because I want you to forget about all the action , thrilling , money - making or good fighting evil .
Refresh your soul by getting involved in their special moments and get ready to make a change in your own life .
REPORT ON THE COURSE " Good design using DTP "
The aim of this report is to briefly describe the main strengths and weaknesses of the course " Good design using DTP " , so as to give an overall view of it .
DESCRIPTION
The course took place in the Training center in Regent Street , - London , on the 14 - 15 of May , as scheduled .
All the participants , which were ten in total , were given a personal computer for the duration of the entire course , in order to put into practice what was taught .
Furthermore , the organizers had carefully planned the whole course , including meals and beverages too .
ACHIEVEMENTS
The tutor , Will Reeves , - a lecturer of the University of Cambridge , succeeded in covering the whole program in an extremely effective way .
To begin with , he focused on design considerations with DPT , explaining what software to use , and then he went on to tell us about typography and fonts , layout and balance , as well as graphics and logs .
The highpoint , however , was the final practical exercises , which gave us the opportunity to test our comprehension .
FAILURES
Despite the strengths mentioned above , there were also some areas that required some attention .
Not only was the venue inconvenient , but it was also dirty .
The general dissatisfaction was perceived by the lecturer too , who pointed it out to the organizers , who immediately started looking for an alternative venue .
In addition , in spite of having paid a lot , the participants were not allowed to take any materials away , and this resulted in obtaining a less effective result , as the participants did n't have any materials to use to revise .
FINAL CONSIDERATIONS
To sum up , the course was generally successful , as the positive feedback received suggests .
In conclusion , we would definitely recommend it to anybody interested in this subject , for both the quality of the course and the unquestionable preparation of the tutor .
There are many problems created by doing large - scale building projects , and it is the government 's responsibility to cope with these problems .
The damage of habitats have affect on animals in a negative way .
Although there are many people and animals that are suffer from these problems , i do believe that the government can take some actions to solve them .
Secondly , it is necessary for the government to warn people about the serious problems caused by constructing large - scale buildings .
To summarise , large - scale building projects create massive problems which are harmful to human and animals , but the government can be helpful in solving these problems .
So , the first two questions are :
Has my writing improved and how did this happen ?
Secondly , has my writing improved and in what way did this happen then ?
I discovered that I know many more words than I thought and I can make well - structured sentences now , which I could n't do so well at the beginning of this school year .
This has to do with the technical grammatical features I learned in class as well .
The way I see it is that I learned to use cohesion in a correct way , which makes the paragraphs that I write more clear .
Besides that , I use cohesion which I did n't use before this course .
A few examples are : from my point of view and it seems to me .
Subsequently , I would like to answer the next two questions .
Although I believe that I already have improved my English since the beginning of the school year , I 'd like to improve my English vocabulary .
As I see it , the bigger the vocabulary , the better the writing process .
It 's my belief that the free writing presentations helped me with my writing process .
I agree with the given statement .
A better future means having good food to eat without worrying , good clothes to wear , a big property , a private means of transportation and many more .
Among them , a private means of transportation suggests that there is no future for public transport .
It is already in practice in the western world .
People from other parts of the world are also heading for the same dream .
Having your own car or means of transportation is the dream of every individual , including me .
A single car will not be enough for a family .
One private care per individual is needed .
It has also become a vital thing for life .
Whether to go to work or other places , travelling in a private vehicle is hassle free .
It saves a lot of our time .
We can indulge in many things if we can manage time properly .
The trend of personal car ownership is increasing rapidly .
So , I believe that there is no future for public transport .
We can not deny that there will be a time when no person would like to travel by bus or train .
It is so much clear that private transport will overshadow the public vehicles .
Domestic violence
But most of us just from far ; we really do not imagine how this can affect people who suffer from it .
Unfortunately , many people are damaged , not only physical but mentally , and the worst is that violence destroys families and also involves their sons in the hell it causes .
They are just the most sensitive and innocent victims of mistreatment .
It is very serious and hard to solve , because victims have to be very strong and brave to recognize and face these situations and being able to report their aggressor so as to manage the matter finishes .
This is so difficult due to the fact that they usually feel stupid , miserable , hopeless and do not feel good about themselves .
Their aggressors make them become insecure and they think that they are alone .
All those people who are living with this abuse have to know that they are really important and deserve to be happy and free and they are not alone .
There are many people who worry about them and are willing to help and support them .
We need to consider both sides of the argument for public transport use prior to reaching a conclusion .
Public transport is used for many reasons and can be convenient for different circumstances .
This form of transport can be used to avoid delays due to traffic conditions and parking restrictions .
It can provide an opportunity for people to complete work during the journey .
Public transport may be the only option for individuals who do not drive or have access to a car .
It is more environmentally friendly because it has the potential to reduce the numbers of vehicles on the road .
It may be expensive to use for some individuals and crowded during rush hours .
A car can be useful for effective performance of many tasks .
It is easier to change routes when circumstances change unexpectedly .
However , a car can be expensive to maintain , park and fuel .
My favourite film of the last few months is " Scent of a woman " .
One problem is that some scenes are too long , like the one in which they 're having dinner with the colonel 's family .
So , overall , I strongly recommend it if you like redemption stories , and if you want to learn some pieces of advice for your life .
It 's certainly a good choice if you want to watch a DVD next Friday night .
The reading discusses the idea of how advance communication technologies give us an advantages of creating a 24/7 international working day and provides several reasons of support this .
The professor , however , disagrees with points made in the article and explains that this system has its own disadvantages .
The first point the professor addresses involves the reading 's assertion that creating two or three teams situated in different geographical locations will help reduce the work hours for each team and , at the same time , it will decrease the time frame of getting the project done .
The professor refutes this point of view by saying that , based on his own experience , this team work could be not so much beneficial .
Therefore , the working group will do its own assumptions and may cause a waste of time .
Moreover , the group in California may do work in one way and a group in India do the same work differently , so it will be challenging to bring both of them to the same way of getting things done .
Thus , one of the team will have to stay late in order to talk to another group , causing inconvenience .
It is not easy to prove that there is a relationship between organizational culture and performance .
For a very long time there has not been scientific evidence that proved the relationship between organizational culture and performance , until studies found a correlation between these subjects .
These four studies are put together in a model named ' Organization Culture Performance Model ' ( OCPM ) .
This model tells us that the culture is determined by actual behavior of individual or groups of employees .
The culture is caused by organizational variables .
The external aspect is : external client orientation .
The internal aspects are : design of organization , communication , HRM - orientation and leadership .
There is n't a direct relationship between organizational culture and actual performances , but there is a direct relationship between organizational culture and expected performances .
A short summary of the OCPM- model : there are organizational variables that determine the visible and invisible behavior of employees .
These variables and behavior of employees determine the expected performance and then there is the actual outcome .
Should smoking be banned ?
It 's a real issue for the government to understand that if the process of banning smokers starts , the income rate will immediately decrease .
Moreover , tobacco contains a vitamin , called PP1 that is beneficial for your health .
Finally , smoking is a personal choice of freedom for everyone .
It 's important to understand that you are responsible for your surroundings and people around you .
So if your habits can be harmful for them , you need to understand what 's a cost of it .
For the same reason , the government needs to control the situation , by using a banning strategy if people smoke in one of forbidden ares , like kindergartens , schools , hospitals , etc .
The purpose of this report is to consider how my town takes care of the environment and to explain what kind of recommendations and improvements you can make if you live in Madrid .
It 's very easy to recycle things and it 's possible to choose alternative energy sources .
Firstly , people can take the bus or the underground and leave his or her car at home .
Secondly , it 's quite easy to deposit plastic , paper and glass in different recycling bins .
Another option is the possibility of having solar panels on the roofs of some buildings in Madrid .
We could reuse and recycle household waste .
When we go shopping , we should take our own bags instead of using plastic bags from the shop .
Our aim should be to deposit as many things as possible in the plastic , paper and glass bins .
And if you have a garden , you could turn your vegetable peelings into compost .
In conclusion , Madrid offers a lot of alternatives to take care of the environment .
Discuss the risks and impacts of climate(weather)-related natural disasters .
Over the past few decades , human activities have changed the global climate , hence we are facing higher risks of weather - related disasters .
A natural disasters such as drought can be generally defined as one that has a far - reaching influence because of its long duration and wide scope .
This essay will examine global warming and precipitation shortage as causes of drought , followed by two main negative impacts in terms of the economic and social problems in agriculture .
It is obvious that global warming can be attributed to greenhouse gas emissions .
With the cause of human activities , the temperature of the sea 's surface and the atmosphere have been gradually growing to a new level .
Another phenomenon that can be caused by global warming is the decrease of snow coverage in relation to glaciers melting ( van Aalst , 2006 , p. 7 ) .
Undoubtedly , all the factors are responsible for the soil water shortage and decreasing precipitation .
Additionally , this event is different depending on the areas .
The area as mid - continental will unquestionably become dryer and have insufficient precipitation , which is possible to make it more vulnerable to summer droughts ( van Aalst , 2006 , p.8 ) . "
It is estimated that 75 million to 250 million people in Africa will be exposed to water stress due to desertification induced by climate change " , states by IPCC ( as cited in Baker , 2012 , p. 20 ) .
In the economic aspect , drought has brought a tremendous problem of yield for agriculture .
As a consequence of both direct and indirect impacts of agriculture , prolonged drought can be commonly defined as the biggest factor .
Another stricken area is the social perspective , which has threatened the majority of the population .
Firstly , drought has caused farming in some of the area , such as Africa where there is an underdeveloped of infrastructure and a lack of abilities to react after an emergency .
When the public suffers from natural disasters and they are no solutions , they are forced to leave their home in order to move to a new place , which could affect the next generation that might confront a multicultural society .
Consequently , drought has led to the severe social impacts of natural disasters .
The fact is , natural disasters have changed people 's and animal 's living environment , bringing about a multitude of influences in both direct economic revenue of farmers and indirect effects on enterprise .
Additionally , climate change relates to natural disasters also causes farming , which has triggered death and forced people as well as animals to leave their home . More seriously , the climate is continuingly changing and still contributing to natural disasters .
Thus , we should consider this kind of threat to our future .
I do not blame anyone for this , because I know , this heart of mine seems to just fall in love a little too fast and easily .
It is too early , is n't it ?
Everything seems to strange when you are fifteen and you are talking about love .
Why is that so ?
This past few months have made my life unfathomable , making me unable to grasp the idea of when is the right age to fall in love .
After I have accepted that , I will begin to push all their flaws aside , because their flaws will only make me fall in love with them even more .
I know it is wrong to have strong feelings for someone who is definitely older , and I know nothing will come out of it .
To me , love is not about having two parties loving and embracing each other .
It will make you cringe , bawl like baby .
It will make you feel vulnerable , but that is life .
No matter how wrong I may sound , believe me , it is so true .
Love is not all happy .
Love can kill you .
It can kill your soul .
Dear Dr. Green ,
Please reply with your answer as soon as you are able to , so that we may begin to arrange your travel .
I encourage you to contact me with any questions or concerns .
Kind regards ,
Dr. Michael White
My favourite sport
My favourite sport is walking .
Some people do not think of walking as a sport , they believe that a sport has to be a rough activity , one that left you overtired and sweeting .
But in my opinion , a sport is any activity that requires a certain amount of physical activity , one that can help you to improve your health .
Walking is also a sport that almost everybody can do .
If you are young , you could walk fast , if you are old or not especially fit , you could start walking at a slow pace and , with time , improve your performance .
And if you do that , then , sooner than later , you will become a walking enthusiast .
Easter was coming .
Everyone in the house was so excited about it , but not Michael .
He did n't know why everybody was in love with him .
This character has been his childhood nightmare .
He used to dream about him coming in his bedroom , laughing out loud , showing off his sharp teeth , threating him with the most horrible punishments .
He remembered one of the awful dreams he used to have as a child .
All of a sudden , he heard somebody knocking at the front door .
Then a voice roared " I 'm gon na eat you up ! " , " I 'm gon na eat your baby sister up ! " .
" Let me in ! I 'm the Easter Bunny " .
Michael was terrified .
But the phone was dead .
He wanted to hide somewhere but he could n't think straight .
In a flash , his brain sent him a signal and he realized it was only a dream .
So he started repeating in his mind " It 's only a dream .
It 's only a dream .
You 're going to wake up soon . "
Suddenly he felt brave and unstoppable .
He put his hand on the handle and , without thinking too much , he opened the door .
This giant scary bunny was just in front of him .
It ca n't be real .
But the bunny yelled at him to shut the door and bit his arm so badly that tears came out instantly from his eyes .
He was now puzzled and frighten too .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
It is sometimes maintained that when manufacturers and retail companies try to persuade us to buy something , colour is a very effective thing which helps them do that .
Firstly , I am convinced that colour is very important when people buy clothes , especially for women .
No doubt that manufacturers know which colour is popular and fashionable in a particular season and , correspondingly , it means that things of this colour will be sold well .
In addition , companies are used to conducting different surveys to find out which colour is more popular in various social classes .
For instance , I have recently read that people who belong to the middle class prefer pink and green colours due to some psychological reasons .
Furthermore , colours which are used in decoration of shops or restaurants are also rather influential .
For example , psychologists are convinced that red is a colour which stimulates people 's appetite and makes them feel hungry .
That is why the predominant colour in McDonald 's is red . Likewise , in some other cafes and restaurants .
Having said this , however , I think that there are many other factors which are even more important than colour for people when they buy something .
Moreover , for many people , the main factor is a price of a thing but not its colour .
Thus , we can conclude that colour is a powerful tool but , in the same way , manufacturers and retail companies should take into consideration other factors .
Article : My Best Friend
My friendship with Jessie started on the first exciting day of kindergarten .
We were three years old .
I went downstairs to the playground for the break .
I was walking alone around the noisy and crowded playground , looking for my very first friend , when I saw a quiet girl under a tree .
She had deep blue eyes and looked very shy .
I instantly wanted to be her friend .
I asked her if she wanted a sweet and , timidly , she nodded .
When the break was over , we went hand in hand to our classroom .
Gradually , we got to know each other and soon we became best friends .
We played every day together and , in the afternoons , we went to each other 's houses .
Now , we do n't have any secrets between us and we always know when we need each other .
I love how Jessie helps me with everything I need , like with guys or family problems .
After many years , we still share the same kind of sweets we shared the first day we met .
It is generally accepted that television is providing us with by far the best and easiest way to stay in touch with the whole world , while relaxing on our sofa , taking some time off from our housework .
Anyway , I wonder whether it would be useful and able to increase our culture and help us to be more critic towards life , rather than impose its power on us .
A recent research shows us why there is always an increasing number of children who are getting used to spend most of their afternoons in front of the television , not to miss a new cartoon nor a well - known film : they seem like they are unaware of the existence of documentaries , news and all the other educative programmes which today 's televisions are plenty of .
I am sure that , if taken up , this idea will surely be a failure .
In my opinion , there is a future for public transport .
Firstly , public transport is useful for people that can not afford a car and their work is far away from where they live .
Public transport is also useful for some children that need to go to school but they do n't live close to one .
The only choice for many people is to use public transport .
Secondly , public transport is better for the environment than using cars because a bus has more space than a car and many people can go on a bus , thus decreasing the amount of pollution and helping the enviromnent .
Lastly , if the use of public transport decreases drastically or stops , many people will be unemployed , they could not win more money and buy cars for going from one place to another .
The countries will have a Crisis and this will probably lead to another World War .
That will be a complete disaster , because now we have nuclear weapons and we would destroy the world .
In conclusion , public transport is very important for every person in some way and without it everything will be a disaster .
Taking a year off after finishing school can be harmful depending on what you 're planning to do in that year .
Interrupting the momentum by taking a year off is maybe the worst thing you can do .
One thing that I 've learned in my life is that you never should take a break from your everyday routine unless you really need to , due to fatigue or for some other physical or pscychological reason , otherwise you will be , I repeat , just wasting time , time that you could be spending in an usefull way , by getting something done , or improving yourself academically , intelectualy or doing whatever you think that can enrich your life .
So , whether you take a year off or not , my point is that you should n't be wasting your time .
Do n't waste your time , spend it in a fruitful way .
I 've wasted the best years of my life doing nothing .
Now I 'm doing something , although I will probably never see the fruits of my labor .
Or , most probably , I wo n't .
This is some intimate stuff I 'm sharing with you , my teacher .
Your only job here is to teach me the subject you 're supposed to teach .
I do n't need your friendship you bastard !
I hope I do n't get an F by saying this , but it is the truth , and I love being honest . I know , as soon you put your creepy , wicked eyes on my composition I must expect a bad grade .
Maybe I will bribe you at the end of school term to get a good grade .
What do you think of that , you prick ?
I bet you love money , especially money obtained by illegal means , do n't you ?
Poor teacher , I can only wonder how a teacher would react to see such a thing written by a student .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I believe I have the necessary qualifications and experience that you are looking for .
As you will see from my attached C.V. , I have been working as a Junior Chef for the last two years assisting all the chefs in the different areas of the kitchen .
I consider myself well equipped to take up the challenge offered by the post due to my capacity to work under pressure as well as my ability to work in teams .
My previous employers are happy to be contacted should you need a reference .
I am available for an interview at any time which might be convenient for you .
I would very pleased to hear from you soon .
Alejandro
I was alive ! I was alive! ... I could n't believe it !
Having gone through all those tough times ; trials and tribulations and I was alive !
I could n't bear the pain but I had to endure it to survive my ordeal .
Leaning forward slowly , I started crawling slowly like a turtle along the slender hill ; I was on all four !
I was feeling as tired as a worn out shoe .
I kept my body very close to the icy ground in order to reduce the impact of the bone - chiseling wind .
Suddenly I saw a small gap between two blocks of snowy hills just big enough for me to lie down in .
The place was a bit gloomy and cold but I had no choice ; I was too tired to move on .
But before I knew it , I was asleep .
I woke up to the sound of the howling wind once again , in a state of vertigo .
I continued crawling on all four while wondering , for how much longer , Simon , till we meet again .
I never stopped praying all along ; in the hope that somehow , somewhere , someone would come along to rescue me .
I was a broken man ; barely alive !
Emphatically , I reminded myself that I should n't have survived had it not been for God 's help !
I kept praying to God to give me the inner strength to carry on although I was fully aware of my own self - imposed exile from church services the last two years .
Doubts began to creep in , " Would God show his mercy ? " .
A second thought crossed my mind , telling me that I would miss my family and my best friends !
The very thought of winning an accolade in front of a jubilant crowd disappeared all together and all I ever wanted was to be home , be safe , and be with my family .
I 'm 29 , and I have a 9 year old daughter .
I was born in Russia , but have lived in many different countries around the world .
I have got a family of my own , so I am familiar with looking after children and taking care of them . I enjoy fitness - and can easily help organise children 's sport activities .
I do enjoy communicating with children , I like to play games and learn something new from them !
In the evenings we would arrange different activities , like plays , singing , dancing .
Well , the person that I most admire in today 's world is my mother .
Because she gave me life , without her I would not be what I am today .
She is a great woman ; hardworking , responsible , kind , friendly , intelligent and an amazing person .
She was my firs teacher who was taught me to repeat the first word and took my hand to give my first step .
She taught me step by step how to prepare for life .
She 's like my best friend ; always advising me on what is good or bad .
She is very brave , it does n't matter how difficult the problem is , the most important thing is to carry on .
In fact , my mother is my idol , my angel .
There is no doubt that the subject of keeping animals in zoos creates a lot of debate .
Some people say zoos are traditional family entertainment and good for animals .
Others say keeping animals in zoos is cruel and inhumane .
One advantage of zoos is that they give people the chance to see and learn about animals .
This makes people more likely to want to look after animals and protect their natural habitats .
Due to the interest in protecting animals , people are eager to take part in organizations such as World Wide Fund for Nature ( WWF ) , which is an international non - governmental organization working on issues regarding the conservation , research and restoration of the environment .
Another positive aspect of zoos is that they help to protect endangered species by offering them a safe place to live .
In addition , zoos help to find mates for endangered species .
For example , many pandas would not find a mate to breed with if they were on their own in the wild .
On the other hand , there are many arguments against keeping animals in zoos .
Firstly , zoo animals often suffer from stress and boredom when they are not in their natural habitat .
Secondly , unwanted animals are sometimes sold to circuses , hunting parks or for meat .
Consequently , they are mistreated , hit and live in an inadequate place where they can not behave freely .
Another drawback is that animals sometimes escape from their enclosures , which is dangerous for humans .
this may cause not only the animal 's death by being run over , but also the passengers ' death if the driver tries to stop and lose the control of the car .
To conclude , there are strong arguments for and against keeping animals in zoos .
Personally , I think it is acceptable to keep animals in zoos , as long as they have enough space and are properly looked after .
This is not their fault , of course .
They have computers , smartphones , cleaning robots , fast food ...
And the list goes on .
I am not saying we should travel back in time .
We have developed technology to make our lives easier .
Nevertheless , we can not allow that technology to put our children in danger .
On the one hand , I am going to sound like my grandfather telling his war tales .
On the other hand , can someone tell me why their children can spend hours playing video games ?
Why do we allow them to eat hot dogs ?
Why do they need a smartphone ?
In summary , I know it is a hard choice . I am talking about multinational companies that try to change our way of life to suit their needs .
I am a believer that any parent would do whatever it takes to protect their children .
Therefore , I issue a call to action .
Kateryna was born in 1988 in Siberia , RF , in the family of Ukrainian Tatars .
Kateryna was sent to Ukraine at the age of 6 .
The art of writing letters along with painting colorful mandalas were taught her to by her grandmother .
Algebra and geometry were the most important subjects taught by her grandfather .
She loved watching the printer at work producing numerous results of psychology tests , which she had just passed .
She graduated from the high - school at the age of 15 .
By this time , she had been spending almost all her free time near the computer .
That 's how creating visuals on the screen became her favorite activity .
She graduated from Kiev International University in 2009 .
Kateryna was frustrated with the classic film genre and started looking for possibilities for realization of experimental theoretical ideas on practice .
After taking part in numerous festivals and concerts , she had finally entered a joint British - Russian program for training socio - cultural managers in the cultural sphere .
You do n't even notice how hard your body is working because you really are enjoying yourself , and I think that 's awesome because it just makes everything easier .
Dancing is not as easy as everybody thinks , but it is definitely worth a try .
The influence of the grown - ups : great or not so great ?
Adults can influence the behaviour of youngsters in different ways .
First of all , they can give rules to younger people .
These rules can influence behaviour in a positive way , because they prevent you from doing stupid things .
They have more life experience so they probably know what they are talking about .
Lastly , adults can set an example for younger people .
Think of celebrities , for example .
When someone greatly admires a person , they will try to behave like them .
So , when admirable adults set good examples for youngsters , they can influence behaviour in a positive way .
However , it is n't all that great .
Because young people often do n't like to be belittled .
So setting rules might cause them to do the exact opposite .
Also , advice is n't always taken positively .
This causes young people to ignore the advice .
So all in all , there are many ways in which adults can influence the behaviour of younger people .
And whether this is taken positively , is completely up to the adults and youngsters themselves .
Myths and facts about frozen shoulder
Frozen shoulder or shoulder stiffness is an extremely limiting and debilitating disease .
The condition starts with pain when you move your shoulder joint and then progresses into total failure and limitation of the shoulder .
Although very important and critical , there are lots of myths surrounding it and many patients suffering the disease do not know the real facts about it .
1- Most of the patients believe they have got frozen shoulder due to a trauma or injury in the shoulder joint , but this is a myth , because frozen shoulder can occur after a trauma or even without any trauma , as in elderly people , especially those who have diabetes and those recovering from an operation .
2- If you believe that doing exercises worsens your condition , then that is another myth , because frozen shoulder occurs to people who stop or decrease using their shoulder joint for a long time .
Usually , after major operations , having a stroke or bone fracture .
They ignore using the full range of joint motion to avoid the pain sensation .
Surgery is our last resort if the condition is severe and all the previous lines of treatment failed .
4- If you believe that you can easily prevent frozen shoulder , then of course you are right .
- If you have had a surgery or an injury , you should keep moving your shoulder joint within a limit even if it is painful .
- Having physical therapy after a surgery or trauma is crucial .
Physical therapy returns your body to its previous healthy condition before trauma .
If not done , healing is not fully completed and the joint remains painful .
Therefore , further avoidance of movement occurs and leads to frozen shoulder .
Introduction
The aim of this report is to inform an international organisation about how our town takes care of the environment as well as about what do people do with their rubbish and how the town is trying to keep the area clean and attractive .
What people do with their rubbish
Nowadays , young children are well informed about the dynamics and the complexity about the pollution cycle .
However , it is estimated that at least 70% of young kids do not take care of their personal rubbish and are the main contributors to a polluted environment .
A study shows that adults take care of their personal garbage not just because of their education , but because of their anxiety to show their kids that they are a great and responsible parents .
How the town tries to keep the area clean
According to our mayor , there are several points that our town really cares about to always keep our area as clean as possible .
Every year , we nominate a person that is responsible for supervising the dustman 's work every single day .
As far as I am concerned , there are now a few rules in our town legislation that if you do not take care of your garbage or if you take papers to the floor , you will have to pay a fine .
This fine can reach between 100 and 150 euros .
Conclusion
To conclude this report , there are many things that still need to be done .
However , everything starts at the level of the education that every human being receives .
Unfortunately , there is still a long way to do in terms of environment concerns , but some of this solutions suggested by the mayor help us stopping the pollution .
Environmental problems are becoming more and more serious all over the world .
There are some kinds of pollution , such as garbage and wasted bottles , but some pollution is invisible , such as noise and dirty air .
Air pollution is the most serious problem among all other kinds of pollution nowadays .
They have already had a great impact on people 's life .
" Air " is one of the necessities to maintain a human being 's life .
However , air pollution affects not only people 's health but also the whole environmental system .
China is a big industrial country , so there are a great number of factories and trucks .
Much dirty air is released every day .
Trucks have made the air unhealthy for people to breathe and poisonous gas is given off by a lot of factories .
It also makes oxygen lacking but more and more carbon dioxide , the same result as CO2 .
CO2 can destroy the ozone layer .
Not only the government should make laws to control the situation , but also we should do our best not to create more pollution .
For Example , if you do n't smoke , you wo n't cause air pollution and you wo n't damage your health ; if you use public transportation , walk more or take a bicycle as your transportation , you will not only help reduce the pollution , bust also improve your health .
Also , planting more trees instead of cutting them down to purify our breathing air and reduce air pollution .
While there are many things to appreciate and celebrate about the world in which we live , many pressing environmental problems cry out for our attention .
It 's also our responsibility to protect it and to do our best to prevent it from being polluted .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
It was 31st October .
She went out to meet her friend from India .
They had been writing for two years on the internet .
Alison ran along the nocturnal streets of France .
They were to meet on the street Boulevard Arago .
She waited for half an hour but her friend never came .
When it was already 10 pm , suddenly a car appeared in the dark .
Alison felt fear , her heart was beating and she started to run .
The car began to chase her .
She ran forward but was far from home .
Tears flowed down her cheeks , she could not run any longer .
The car stopped quickly and her friend stepped out of the car .
They embraced and Alison thanked him for saving her .
The Usual Suspects , one of the best movies in the last two decades .
I must confess I feel like I am cheating .
They have asked me to choose a thriller and it has been so easy it feels bad .
I am going to start with the actors of this movie .
Most of them were not stars when they made it .
They became stars because of this film .
They are credible , especially Kevin Spacey , Charles Palminteri and Gabriel Byrne .
The Usual Suspects is the first movie by Bryan Singer .
I think it is the best one too .
At that moment , he seemed like the new Steven Spielberg .
Nowadays , he has turned into another director .
The photography is also good .
The soundtrack is not spectacular .
The script separates this film from the others .
There is a scene , at the very end , where you can see a transformation .
You become aware of what was going on and you start to travel back into the film story .
That moment is priceless .
I think that the best way to recommend this movie to anyone one is to quote from The Usual Suspects : " the best trick the devil ever pulled was convincing the world he did n't exist . "
It would be a great pleasure for me to be part of Think Education , an innovative higher education institution that offers high - quality learning .
I have a MSc in Food Science and a PhD in Biochemistry .
Overall , I have nine years of experience in biomedical research and several years of teaching experience .
At the University of Queensland I tutored several subjects , including Biochemistry for Nutrition students .
During my career I have gained extensive experience in academic writing .
Moreover , in a position as a Medical Writer , I wrote scientific documents for clients in the pharmaceutical industry .
The strengths that I could bring to this position are excellent written communication skills and a keen eye for detail .
I would appreciate the chance to talk with you to discuss the requirements and expectations of the position .
Thank you for your time and consideration and I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Sincerely ,
Laura Montalvo
There is no future for public transportation , is in my opinion a wrong assumption .
In the recent years , there has been a great change in consumption habits .
On the other hand , using a private car is totally ignoring the environmental damage and effects .
In my opinion , it is just a matter of time until all the transportation options will be public and the private cars will be left behind .
If we do so , we can see the massive difference in our lives from the people living 50 years back .
Although now we have very advanced technology which has made our lives completely different and more comfortable than before , in the future it will be much better than this .
We will see things happening then which today seem to be impossible .
The other difference , hopefully , will be in medicine .
However , it is possible that along with new inventions and research there might be more harmful viruses also .
All these differences will make people 's lives tranquil .
Should boys and girls go to the same school ?
Many parents face a dilemma when choosing the type of education they wish to give to their children and one of the first decisions they must take is what type of school they would like their children to attend and whether it should be a single - sex school or a mixed - sex one .
It can not escape our minds that , at this stage and age , children are exposed to sexual images from a very early age and some people would argue that our society is hyper - sexualised , which is a reason why many parents see single - sex schools as a means to protect their offspring from having sexual thoughts before they are ready to understand the complexity of sex and sexual relationships .
While the hyper - sexualisation of our society may be a reality that many parents would want to protect their children from , it is true to say that children need to adapt and be ready for the society in which they live and for may parents , sending their children to a mixed - sex school is just a natural environment , much more similar to the " outside world " in which they would grow to adulthood .
Considering how much time children spend at school , it appears to me that choosing a single - sex school will make the child , somehow , segregated and , in many cases , reinforce some of the may stereotypes that we , as a society , have regarding gender . which , if we take into consideration that these children are going to be the future leaders , educators , lawyers , politicians and so on , I would argue that the more schools reflect our society and the way that we like it to be , the better , not only for the child as a person , but for the child as a key in the future of the country and , as an extent , to the world .
Therefore , and to sum up , It is my view , that public money is better spent supporting mix sex schools , which reflects the society we live in , as opposed to single - sex ' , which may reinforce those stereotypes that are mining society .
Moreover , driving grants motorists one of the most popular feelings in Western societies : the feeling of being free .
Even if it is true that many citizens use public transport when their finances are tight , it is also true that most of those same people would use their private cars instead if given the chance .
It is difficult to imagine what the future would hold for the European economies if the car industry collapsed .
Thousands would lose their jobs , both directly in the car factories and indirectly in many other car - related businesses , like car part stores , petrol stations , garages , and so on .
If private transport was fully replaced by public transport , the world 's economic foundations would shake and a global financial crisis of unprecedented impact could occur .
All things considered , we might conclude that public transport will eventually disappear in the short term and , in no time , everyone will be driving their own clean - energy - driven flying cars to go everywhere .
Dear Mr Jason ,
I am writing to you to apply for a position advertised recently .
Currently , I am working as a teacher of English in my city of Dnipropetrovsk .
I am keen on communicating with different groups of children ( mostly aged 9 - 17 ) .
During my career I have organized a lot of fascinating activities to keep my students enthusiastic about learning more .
Nowadays , it is important to be a role model for your pupils - so I try to keep fit and show modern movies about staying healthy .
First of all , I have considerable experience in working with teenagers ( for more than 5 years ) , which I find really enjoyable .
Second , I am a quite energetic , open , active and educated person .
And finally , I am the kind of person who is responsible , well - organised and optimistic .
I would like to work in your summer camp .
It is a great opportunity for me to practise my skills and socialize with children from a foreign country .
If you have any questions , feel free to email me .
I have attached a copy of my CV and some cover letters .
Yours faithfully ,
Pasha Shubina
Recently , genetic engineering has become a highly controversial issue around the world .
Many people think that genetic engineering has many drawbacks .
Genetic engineering is the process of manipulating the genes of an organism .
Besides , some genetically modified crops grow more quickly .
With genetic engineering , human health has become better in many ways .
For instance , it may be used by scientists to cure some diseases .
Genes could be changed before a baby is born . Thus , inherited illnesses would no longer exist .
It could also be possible to clone human organs so that we could have a chance to replace our damaged body parts .
There are many ethical concerns about human genetic engineering .
It is still unacceptable in most cultures because of their religious beliefs .
They believe that it is unnatural .
Although they look bigger or more attractive , genetically modified food products are unhealthy for people .
Therefore , genetic engineering is important for humanity and the future .
Charles Dickens and the Brönte sisters were famous Victorian writers .
For example , in Dickens ' " David Copperfield " and Charlotte Brönte 's " Jane Eyre " , the story is told by their respective protagonists who remember their own past experiences .
In both novels , the writers also dealt with the mistreatment of children in workhouses ( " David Copperfield " ) and Boarding Schools ( " Jane Eyre " ) .
Although they may share these themes , their ways of writing are quite different .
In the Brönte sisters ' works , we can find some Gothic elements - especially in Emily 's only novel " Wuthering Heights"- and a detachment from the figure of the Victorian dutiful woman .
In Dickens ' novels , Realism allows the readers to know how tough London society was in that period .
Michael , my never - ending love story , was walking down the street one night with no particular thoughts in his mind .
It was a narrow street lined up by two - story buildings on the ground floor of which shops , pubs were flashing their neon signs .
People were coming in or out of the pubs , some walking straight , others on all fours , cheerful anyway .
Michael could n't bring himself to enter one , too proud to admit he needed people 's company after a long year of being a single guy because he , on the spur of the moment , decided to split up with me .
How could this have happened to him ?
What he did n't know , or just could n't accept , was he was unwilling to tolerate other people 's views , and jokes . That 's why he packed my things and asked me to find another place to stay .
The reason ? I told him I had found a job in another city and I was considering moving house .
I explained to him it was the chance of my life given that good jobs for women are difficult to find , pay is n't the same as for men , and I felt I did n't receive the status men in my company enjoyed .
He just could n't take it .
I mean it was a joke I made , and I had no real intention to leave him .
No one could have anticipated what happened next .
But I guess it was too big a shock , so Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Paul ,
Thank you for your e - mail .
It is very nice to hear from you .
I was asked to take care of the VIP room .
I was responsible for fulfilling all the needs of these famous guests .
It was , after all , an amazing experience .
All the best ,
Deirdre
Due to the ever - increasing population coupled with the climate change , food shortage has become a significant problem facing by many countries .
Some assert that genetically modified food technology can be applied to address this problem .
Firstly , GM food can have a positive impact on the problem of food safety .
It is well known that the GM food is inserted with various resistance genes , such as pest disease resistance gene .
This means that the food , being more resistant to pests and agricultural diseases , we can minimise the use of chemical pesticides and fertilizers that can poison the water supply and pollute the environment .
Furthermore , GM food can also improve the production of crops .
This could be important for food production , especially in developing countries .
However , some may argue that it is also questionable whether GM food has a detrimental impact on human health .
An elderly university professor had to give his students the last lesson of his professional life , because he was going to retire .
However , only a few students , just five or six , had followed his course and , recently , only two of them had been present .
As soon as the professor entered the classroom , he was surprised to see that it was completely full .
He thought that many students had decided to follow his last lesson and he was pleased and moved by this kindness .
There was very little light in the classroom because it had been a rainy afternoon and a terrible thunderstorm had caused an electrical blackout .
The student did n't have the courage to interrupt his teacher and give him such a strong pain and disillusion him : he slunk away while the old professor was still speaking enthusiastically to nobody .
Students ' Use of Leisure Time
The purpose of the survey was to discover the popular leisure time activities of male and female students .
The survey was carried out by means of a questionnaire given to the male and female students to complete .
It consisted of three parts .
The first part of the questionnaire dealt with leisure time activities on holidays .
The second section was concerned with time - out activities .
The third part touched on the ways of spending free time at home .
From the table of data , the most significant items are as follows .
The male students would gladly go to historical places , while 57% of the girls who filled in the questionnaire were n't inclined to spend their free time in that way .
In the second section , both the girls and the boys interrogated claimed that they do n't spend their free time going to the theatre or the opera .
53% of the male students never do that ; while 50% of the girls stated that they try to go theatres and operas several times a year to expand their horizons .
The majority of the male and female respondents enjoy going to nightclubs in their spare time .
Unlike the boys , the female respondents usually do n't feel like going in for sport at leisure .
In contrast to the male respondents , the girls interrogated go to evening classes in their free time .
While 53% of the boys never do that .
Like the male respondents , the girls interrogated go regularly to the cinema .
In the third part of the questionnaire , it was found out that the male respondents are similar to the girl respondents in that they both enjoy listening to music at home for more than 2 hours a day .
In contrast to the girls interrogated , who almost never play computer games , the majority of the male students gamble for hours at leisure .
40% of the girls read books for several hours a day , while 13% of the male students do n't read in their free time at all .
For example , 53% of the female students are on - line for more than 3 hours a day .
The leisure activities of the male and female students have a lot in common .
According to the findings , it is clear that , nowadays , going to nightclubs and cinemas are more popular than going to theatres and operas or visiting historical places .
There are , therefore , a clear need for young people to prefer active and educating leisure time activities to passive ones .
Dear Mrs Lusik ,
First of all , we would like to thank you for letting us know about your concerns and giving us the opportunity to explain ourselves .
We already passed your comments about the format on to our chief lawyer and hope he can approve the necessary adjustments .
Be assured that we take your concerns seriously .
We would like to thank you for making us aware of the strong sound of the letter .
Of course , you can share your opinions and experiences about your stay wherever and with whoever you wish .
There has never been any intention of hiding the truth , as you said .
In addition , we are sorry that your holiday experience was affected by the fire that occurred on Saturday October 10th , 2015 .
Our staff worked hard to relocate our guests as soon as possible in nearby hotels and at our Paraíso Complex , in order for them to continue enjoying their holidays .
You mentioned in your email that you would have travelled again with IBEROSTAR if it was not for the format of the release letter .
We hope that our explanations and apologies will make you change your mind and that you will give us another chance in the future to provide you with a much more delightful experience .
Given the circumstances , we would like to offer one of the following compensations if you decide to travel with us again in the future :
Having used public transport for so many years , as I 've lived in a big city since I was just a child , I do n't think public transport will disappear .
In my opinion , many people depend on public transport to get to their place of work , university or school .
In terms of money it is much cheaper to travel by bus than to use your own car .
If you compare the price of petrol with the price of a bus ticket , you can clearly see how much better it is to travel by bus .
You do n't need to get angry or mad if you do n't find a parking space , you can just get on / off the bus wherever you like .
You can also enjoy the company of those travellers sharing the same transport .
Sometimes you can even meet new people on the bus .
Furthermore , you can choose what time you would like to travel and where to .
But despite all this , there will always be people without a car who needs to commute every day , so there is a long future for public transport .
In contrast , agentic culture stresses the differences between individuals , along with egotism and inequality ( Zarbatany , Conley , & Pepper as cited in Okazaki , & Taylor , 2013 ) .
ARTICLE
Speaking for myself , I think that the pros outweigh the cons .
On the one hand , you 'll feel more active and you 'll realise how your brain memory gets better and better .
And furthermore , it 'll be reassuring to get by with your basic necessities in another country .
On the other hand , studying a new language can be a bit daunting at first and you 'll have to keep on track on a daily basis if you want to improve your language skills .
To wrap up the article , I 'd strongly recommend that young people to learn at least a new foreign language , especially if you 're a student .
This will give you an advantage in your future career .
Nowadays , famous people , like movie stars , politicians , models and other celebrities suffer from a lack of privacy .
Paparazzi and journalists are following them everywhere they go .
They are also the reason for many problems , which appear in the private lives of some celebrities .
It is known , that it is the job of paparazzi to follow famous people and look for sensation in their daily behaviour , and celebs are aware of the fact , that they are recognised everywhere , but an interest in one 's private life , when the person does n't want to is basically a synonim for trespassing .
It is very hard to lead a normal life , when you have to think all day long , about what you say , what you wear and , first of all , what you do .
On the other hand , it is obvious that people want to know everything they can about celebrities they like or admire and journalists give them the opportunity to find out some information about their lives , but they often cross the line and literally deprive these famous people of a private life .
In my opinion , everyone deserves to have a private life even if he is a public person .
If the individual stumbles , whether figuratively or literally , speculation about him will end up on TV , on the Internet or on the front page of the tabloids .
On the one hand , many famous people like being discussed all over the world .
They think that , due to scandals , they will be able to get fame , live in the lap of luxury and have a lot of money .
For these kinds of people , it is important not to bring out family scenes and problems , as they do n't want to be disputed in public .
But in spite of this , sometimes journalists can be too insistent , trying to get at as much information as possible .
Generally , celebrities deserve to have a private life .
As it seems to me , private information about stars should be published if they approve of it by putting the signature to it .
Dear Paul ,
Thanks for your email .
I hope you find it useful , as I did last month .
It was really awesome !
You know , I have graduated culinary school and it was a great opportunity to use my skills . I 've made a lot of new friends .
We 're still in touch .
The bad thing about it was that it took me a lot of time .
I fell behind , but it was worth it .
I 'm sure you 'll find something for you and you 'll enjoy it .
So my recommendation to you would be to do something similar if you are looking for good experiences and plenty of laughs !
Let me know how it goes .
All the best .
Arthur
We are living in a digital age .
Nowadays , almost everyone in the world has contact with computers and the great majority of them have been using the Internet .
The Internet has many good points : it 's an infinite source of information and it 's a cheaper and faster way to communicate with other people .
The Internet is also a ' home ' for many social networks .
One of them , the most famous and the most used , is Facebook .
We can use Facebook to get in touch with our friends and even to meet new people .
Sounds nice and easy , right ?
On the one hand , it 's addictive . Internet addiction represents a serious problem in our age .
It may lead to inefficiency at school - or the in workplace - or even sleeping disorders .
On the other hand , lots of people using fake accounts are lurking on Facebook .
This means you do n't know for sure who you 're really talking to .
Stalkers , pedophiles , human traffickers , murderers and other criminals ; these are just a small part of the threats you can come across on Facebook .
In conclusion , I think that we ca n't be safe anywhere anymore - not even online .
The best way to keep ourselves safe is to keep our Facebook profiles private .
It influenced the further development of post - Soviet countries as well the as geopolitical situation in the whole world .
It has also influenced the international relations not just within the post - Soviet area , but also in the entire world , as the period after the collapse of the USSR was marked as a crash of bipolar structure of international relations .
The American press had widely illustrated the revolution in the Baltic States and the tension which has been spread in the Soviet Union after the fall of the Berlin Wall , as well as the fall of communist governments within the whole former Soviet Bloc .
They were published under the common title " Soviet crisis " .
On the August 20 , the " New York Times " published the article which contained the excerpts from the news conference held by Acting President Gennadiy Yanayev and four other members of the State Committee for the State of Emergency .
The American press , summing up the era of Gorbachov , frequently highlighted his attempts to increase the openness of the Soviet society .
Those attempts were considered as one of Gorbachov 's main merits . "
The person of Boris Yeltsin has become the most popular one in that time the in world 's press .
The article of the New York Post " THE SOVIET CRISIS ; Yeltsin 's Remarks : A ' Reactionary Coup " refers to the night of 18 - 19 August 1991 , when the legally elected President of the country was removed from power .
The author lays the stress on the democratic processes in the country which have acquired a broad and irreversible character .
Also , it shows the disposition of the soviet people towards the changes in the country . "
The people of Russia are becoming masters of their destiny .
The uncontrolled powers of unconstitutional organs have been considerably limited , and this includes party organs . "
This coup had a big resonance among the American society ; consequently , the US mass - media were eager to know the feelings of the US citizens about the situation in the Soviet Union .
The US citizen deemed the crisis as a menace for the liberalisation of society ; they assumed it as an actual barrier for the expression of the people 's will . "
In the hearts of many Americans , the cold war finally ended this week " , the New York Times wrote .
The press accentuated that many of Americans dusted off fears left over from the Cold War and were harshly reminding that this is still the nuclear age .
The dissolution of the Communist party has also become one of most popular issues among the American mass - media .
The reduction of Gorbachov 's role and the growth of the Yeltsin 's haven't been out of the attention in the US media sources .
The Russian President , Boris Yeltsin , proposed a radical restructuring of the Soviet Union that would minimize the role of Mikhail Gorbachev and reduce the USSR to a loose confederation of nine republics . "
The Communist Party , which has had control for 74 years , is rapidly dissolving " - the Chicago Tribune wrote .
The US mass - media followed the reaction on the crisis inside the Communist party closely . One of the articles of the Washington post " Soviet Turmoil Shakes Europe 's Communists " tells that Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev 's call for dissolution of the Communist Party Central Committee has called into question the survival of its satellite parties in Western Europe .
In the Washington Post , the editorial remarks that the failure of the Moscow coup has finally broke the influence of the Communist Party over the power structures and the world outlook of Soviet people .
As a result , the Soviet Union has been disintegrated along traditional ethnic lines .
The upshot of the matter is that the dissolution of the Soviet Union has caused the formation of the new states and the following referendums on their independence .
The leaders of Russia , Ukraine and Belarus formally announced the dissolution of the Soviet Union on Dec 8 , 1991 and agreed to establish a " Commonwealth of Independent States " instead .
On the 25th of December 1991 , Gorbachov has officially resigned .
Soviet President Gorbachev agreed to the dissolution of all Soviet agencies " .
The Soviet époque , which had existed for 74 years , came to its end and this paved the way for the establishment of new independent republics .
REPORT
INTRODUCTION
As requested , I interviewed a large number of young people , trying to understand their main interests , especially as regards music , TV programmes and clothes .
MUSIC
Many people aged between fourteen and eighteen said that the most listened to music among teenagers is definitely rock music .
However , some of them admitted their interest also for pop music and RNB .
TV PROGRAMMES
The people I interviewed are very keen on reality shows like " Big Brother " and similar , but I have to say that many of them are also interested in cooking shows and documentaries .
CLOTHES
Finally , regarding to the clothes , young people declared themselves to prefer casual outfits like jeans , t - shirts etc .
Only a few of them like to wear fashionable clothes .
CONCLUSION
Some of them are pretty similar to those we had in the past ; others are completely different and very interesting to explore .
This house believes that everyone should be able to speak English .
Establishing English as the new worldwide spoken language might be a favourable example since English is already spoken by more than 300 million native speakers and , therefore , the third most spoken language in the world , according to Ethnologue .
Moreover , English is already a universal language used by many people to communicate or negotiating within the business market .
Imagining everyone had the opportunity to learn and therefore communicate with each other in a worldwide spoken language is certainly an appealing idea and would , without doubt , have many benefits .
Firstly , as mentioned before , it would give everyone the opportunity to communicate with everyone .
However , the realisation of English as a world language would certainly need an educational basis for everyone , which might not be easy to accomplish , but it would be possible .
While teaching everyone English , it would also be profitable to instruct basic knowledge in mathematics , physics or other relevant topics which might be helpful .
Moreover , the standardised educational system would also need people who teach and instruct others , so the world language will be established everywhere .
In order to accomplish this endowment there would be a necessity of teachers which leads to many new job opportunities .
After all , a couple of professions might become extinct , for example , translators , but , therefore , the organisation and execution of this big project would provide a range of other jobs which can make up for the ones lost .
The educational system would also provide a valuable basis for the world of politics , so conflicts might be prevented due to the lost language barrier with its vulnerability and risks of misunderstandings .
On the one hand , there would be a great loss of cultures and in some cases the implementation of the educational system might be impossible , for instance with the aboriginal people .
On the other hand , the suggestion of English as the world wide spoken language might be up against much criticism , since the United States do not have many supporters everywhere .
Nevertheless , English was just a suggestion and other languages , like Spanish or Chinese , could certainly be used as well .
Nowadays , more and more people are learning how to drive , as driving one 's own car is , as everyone knows , much more convenient than taking public transport .
The future that lies ahead for public transport seems to be a bleak one .
But is it really the case ?
Is it really possible that the end of public transport is soon to come ?
Without doubt , having our own car provides us with great convenience .
However , we should not overlook the fact that not everyone can afford a car .
Some people may argue that we can buy a second - hand car if we ca n't afford a brand new one .
Yes , they are right in saying so and , in fact , many people are second - hand car owners .
Not to mention that there are tourists in Hong Kong , who have no choice but to use public transport .
Secondly , even if people have cars , they may also take public transport .
As we all know , Hong Kong is famous for the scarcity of land , there are not many parking spaces available , so employees may not be granted an official parking space by their company are , hence , may resort to public transport if they want to avoid the fees of using the parking lot .
Having scarce land is not the sole problem in Hong Kong .
Hong Kong is also famous for its heavy traffic , which implies the problem of traffic congestion .
By taking MTR , one can save all the hassles of wasting precious time being stuck in a traffic jam .
Besides saving time , taking public transport can also help reduce the emission of greenhouse gases .
Greenhouse gases have already posed a grave threat to humans , e.g. global warming and ozone depletion , which raised people 's environmental awareness .
People are becoming more and more aware of the importance of environmental protection and want to contribute to saving our Earth .
In this regard , they may take public transport instead of driving their own car even if they have one .
Hence , contrary to many people 's perceive , there should be an increasing demand , i.e. a rosy future , for public transport .
Maybe .
Maybe one day we will need no cars , or public transport .
Who knows ?
Hi Harry
It 's good to know that you 'll be in the shop next Saturday while I 'm away in Lugo .
First , you need to know how to open the establishment .
I asked for my right - hand employee David to come earlier due to your arrival .
He 'll be in front of the place at 8.30 , just 15 minutes earlier than we open the doors .
The problem is David 's shift ends at 14:00 , so he wo n't be with you in the evening , when we usually lock up at 20:00 .
There is about 14 workers in the shop , divided in 2 groups with a different schedule for each one .
All the best
Alberte
Change frequently creates a great deal of suspicion and mistrust in us .
To start with , it is an essential feature in our lives .
Often , dealing with new situations does not help us to feel comfortable .
In short , I consider that change is always the best way to develop our personality and to become better people in any aspect of our lives , because it represents a major challenge .
It is true that sometimes it is hard to accept certain changes , but we can always learn something useful from them .
Hi George !
What 's up ?
I hope you 're great !
So , let me see .
You said that your flight lands at 10.30 am , so it 's better if you go to the train station near the airport .
When you get out of the airport , you have to turn right and walk for ten minutes and then the station is right in front of you , it 's quite simple my friend ! I 've just looked at the timetable and your train arrives at 11.04 am .
Your journey lasts about 40 minutes and you have to get off at the station called Brighton and I will be there !
Get it ?
Oh , the ticket !
It 's cheap , is n't it ?
Then , yes , the weather .
It 's going to be sunny and warm dude !
We 're going to have a great time together !
KIT and let me know about your journey !
See you soon ,
Mich
In the following essay , I want to discuss the most useful skills which should be taught in school from an early age on .
First of all , it is essential for young people to learn how to take care of themselves , such as knowing how to cook .
Fast food has become part of everyday life .
Moreover , it is a welcome distraction from the theoretical school routine .
Some families may be able to afford money and do n't think about its value .
Passing this attitude on to their children , they wo n't be able to save money for emergencies and deal with it reasonably , which is a necessity in order to survive .
The two most useful , in my opinion , are cooking classes and personal finance .
Both of them are skills which help with managing your life later on , finances in particular .
Jake is a free lance journalist .
Therefore , Jake tries to arrange his stays with one goal in mind : travelling in a comfortable way but saving as much as possible .
A few months ago , month he had been spending two weeks in Brussels .
Brussels , Europe 's capital , made his stay very pleasant .
Jake was able to enjoy its multicultural environment and its great cultural initiatives .
He could easily move from place to place at very convenient prices .
During winter , Brussels might be quite cold .
A few weeks later , Jake had to travel to the South of Italy to follow the case of immigrants reaching the coasts of Europe via sea from Africa and the Middle - East .
He was so excited about that trip .
Italy is his parents ' country of origin and it was the first time for him to visit Italy .
It was spring , the prefect time to go and visit the South of Italy .
He soon came to realise how disorganised public transport is in the South of Italy .
He was surprised by the poor quality of the air when walking around .
The air was polluted by smog due to the huge number of cars .
Jake could only move around by using the few expensive taxis available .
Such an experience made Jake realise the considerable impact that a good public transport system has on people 's life and their surrouding .
In particular , an efficient public transport impacts on :
Stress - it makes your life easier , since you avoid driving in the middle of traffic jam
Environment - it reduces cars on the roads , therefore air is less polluted
Your own and your community 's pockets ! ?
- access to public transport is way cheaper than taking care of your own car ; though initially it might look like a huge disbursment of money from the community , in the long term it shows itself to be the most efficient way to travel !
Seville is well known for its stunning monuments .
First and foremost , it is difficult to feel deep emotions when it comes to living in a place without real social contact .
Therefore , I miss my close - knit family and friends .
I 'm having a very nice time in Seville though .
In fact , the more I know about its organization and its people , the more I feel at ease in Seville .
It is almost as if I were at home now .
I must well admit this has not always been so .
To be honest , I was not very attracted by the spirit of the city at the very beginning of my stay .
In my opinion , Seville was rather disorganized and not very charming and its citizens rather rude .
In my view , getting to know a city is quite similar to getting to know people .
The more I understand it , the more I like it .
Of course , it may happen at times that I dislike what I discover !
This is partly due to the fact I have picked up a few words which enable me to interact more easily with its citizens .
For example , people start to talk with me when they notice I make efforts to speak in their language .
There are even some smiles and laughs , which is very reassuring for someone who is alone abroad .
What 's more , Seville is bright , colourful and lively , which cheers me up and relaxes me .
For instance , I spent some time last night eating tapas on a small street in a laid - back atmosphere .
I was surrounded by joyful Spaniards who were speaking loudly .
Needless to say , I greatly enjoyed this time as it made me feel as if I were part of their life and of the place .
In addition to this , I really like sharing tapas dishes with people , drinking a good fresh " draft beer " and going for a " tapas crawl " with friends , as in Switzerland each one gets its own dish when eating out and they only go for a " pub crawl " .
I am also keen on wandering off at my own pace and getting lost on the winding narrow cobbled streets , as I feel like an adventurer looking for new treasures .
Some of these are striking secluded places , such as churches or Moorish - styled houses .
On account of all this , it is easy to understand why my perception of Seville has significantly changed over time .
As far as I 'm concerned , the city is no longer a museum displaying sumptuous and ostentatious monuments .
WHAT AN AMAZING COINCIDENCE !
Have you ever witnessed the collapse of a myth and the birth of a new star at the same time ?
This year , in Italy , for the first time in more than 200 years , it happened a weird coincidence : the political leader , Silvio Berlusconi , and the singer Ligabue marked their careers on the same day .
On the one hand , Berlusconi compromised his position when some journalists told the world about some wiretappings of his which would compromise his future political career ; on the other , Luciano Ligabue won the award for the best song of the year , bringing his career ever forward .
Unbelievable as it may seem , this is really a bizarre coincidence .
Dear Jo ,
It 's great to get some news from you .
What a lucky man you are to have a year free !
Switzerland is really a great place for travelling . You should plan two different periods to visit sightseeing places , one in summer and the other one in winter .
Famous sightseeing places are really different during winter and summer .
Switzerland is a small country , also take your time and spend enough time in each place .
For instance , if you plan to stay more than one week in Zermat in Wallis , think to try to find a place where you could help in a restaurant or a shop .
But if you prefer to work during a full three - month period , you should ask your employer for a work permit .
In any case , do n't hesitate to visit me and my family in Lausanne .
I look forward to seeing you during your trip .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Twenty minutes had passed , but Sarah was still inside the house .
He started to bite his nails , restless .
What if she was in trouble ?
What if the owner of the house has caught her ?
He climbed the tree clumsily and managed to enter through the open window .
It was a dark night , so he could barely see .
-There is no need for you to climb through the window , like a thief - said a soft voice .
The shock made Peter gasp .
Before him there was a tall , dark woman in black .
He had n't seen her when he had gone into the room .
His eyes were adjusted to the darkness now , so he could recognize her .
--Tris .
Tris ' smile became bigger .
-It has been a long time , Peter .
May I ask you why you are breaking into my house instead of knocking at the door ?
How rude of you !
There was no anger in her voice , but amusement and something else that Peter could not distinguish .
-Where is Sarah ?
She must be here .
Tris 's smile faded away .
- You are the only person that came here in the last five hours , Peter .
Unless ...
The silence that followed her words was oppressive .
Please , help me find her .
She could be in danger .
Tris sighed .
--Sorry , my friend , but I 'm not gon na face my husband again .
This time , you are on your own .
Take a look at the highways near the big cities .
They are full of cars each and every day .
If there were a future for public transport , that would n't happen .
Travelling by car gives you independence .
You are not tied to the timetable of the public transport .
You can choose when you would like to go .
You can also choose where you would like to go .
Finally , you can choose who would travel with you .
Those are great advantages everyone can see .
Right now we have a problem : the oil reserves are depleting .
That is going to happen sooner rather than later .
The reason is that , once we are free from our oil shackles , we will say farewell to most of its problems .
There will be no more greenhouse gasses , you can forget about escalating gas prices and , finally , you will not remember air pollution .
Last but not least , we are entering a digital era .
Computers and smartphones are becoming more prominent in our lives .
Why would I travel to a meeting in a different city when I can meet through Skype ?
I can not find the reason .
It 's a waste of time and other resources .
We need to embrace the advances of technology and we will be free of those terrible experiences .
I enjoy watching soap operas on TV and the best one for me is EastEnders .
This TV serial is mainly based on working - class people and represents various ethnic minority communities , including African and Asian Muslims .
This show is particularly good , as it represents how people from different ethnic backgrounds can engage with each other .
It shows that ethnic minority people can integrate with the majority Caucasian people without losing their cultural and traditional values .
In addition , it provides an opportunity for people from different backgrounds to peep into the culture and traditions of British people .
To travel around the world has always been my dream since I was a little boy .
However , what is the best means of transportation to see the world for yourself ?
As far as I am concerned , I would prefer to travel by boat .
A couple of good reasons are behind my choice .
First , to travel by boat is a very relaxing and carefree experience , compared to being confined to a very narrow and limited little space on the seat of a plane .
Third , when it comes to travel , what really matters is not your destination .
From my perspective , it is the process that is more valuable .
Therefore , I would choose to lengthen the process of travelling , and a comfortable voyage on the sea would certainly become my first choice , since it guarantees a long and pleasant travelling experience .
I work in Café Noir , a well - known restaurant , popular with visitors in the centre of town .
Firstly , I do not understand why this is being implemented so quickly and why there has been no discussion - there is no time for anyone to feel comfortable with the idea .
Secondly , it is unthinkable to suggest it in outdoor bars and restaurants - such an idea is completely unworkable .
To support my argument against this proposal , I would like to explain what happened when the authorities attempted to introduce a ban on smoking in my home town .
It was unsuccessful , and the politicians had to reverse their decision .
A non - smoking policy was introduced by some restaurants ; the consequences were terrible : a large number of their customers vanished .
This would appear to be a better solution .
Dear Margaret ,
Firstly , thank you for answering and do n't worry about the delayed reply !
Secondly , I 'd like to tell you some things about myself as well .
I 've been living in Augsburg for nearly two years now and am studying for a B.A. in Anglistik and economics .
So I switched and I 'm happy to say that it was the right decision !
I can speak English and , of course , German - and because my grandparents are from Korea , a little Korean , too .
I am the only grandchild that ca n't speak Korean properly because I grew up in Bavaria and not in NRW , but they taught me to cook .
It started when I was a little child , and it 's what I do .
When I 'm stressed or trying to postpone things like studying or cleaning the flat , I cook .
Sharing my flat with two boys is amusing most of the time , but when it 's about cleaning … oh my !
The good thing is : the rest of the time , living with boys is as uncomplicated as it gets .
And we 're a pretty good team because all of my cooking led to many evenings spent together in our kitchen .
My other big hobby is travelling .
I 've been to Jamaica , Morocco , the Maldives and Curacao .
Also , I have visited the USA multiple times : I ' ve travelled the west coast from San Diego to San Francisco , I 've been to Las Vegas , Chicago and Boston .
In less than two weeks , I 'm going to fly to New York City .
I 'm so excited !
So , now you have a rough summary of me .
I 'm looking forward to working with you and wish you all the best until then !
See you soon ,
Sarah
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement in a magazine .
I would like to apply for a vacancy as a Camp Assistant .
Besides , I am open - minded , easy - going and friendly .
I have experience in children 's Summer camps and recently I attended a First Aid course , so I could deal with a difficult situation .
I am a native speaker of Spanish and I have passed the First Certificate exam of Cambridge , so my English level is quite good .
I have no problem in being hired for three months because I do not go to the university in the Summer .
You will find attached two references written by the two directors of the camps where I have worked .
You could ask them about me and they would answer you immediately .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
Yours faithfully ,
Aureli Bonilla
There is no sport like football .
It is an activity that requires many people , which improves your social skills and your overall ability to manage a group .
It involves many moral virtues , which makes football one of the best activities for teenagers .
Starting with the social skills , it is obvious that a football match is a dispute , a game we get involve in with the intention to win .
This kind of action , when peformed collectively , requires coordenation of efforts and an abitity to work together , two qualities that are frequently forgotten in our individualistic world .
And if you do decide to take it seriously , this sport will put you through workouts and sustained practices that are going to make you really fit .
Finally , football involves relationships in moments of tension , and this is the natural context for virtues like justice , courage and honesty .
If you want to try it , you should find a club near you .
It is easy , because football is one of the most popular sports in the western world .
In a club , you will find professional advice and also as many peopole as it is necessary for a match .
In fact , if football has a downside , it is this , the fact that you need twenty - two people to set up a match .
But , provided you have that , you will have one of the best ninety minutes of your entire life .
Dear Hiring Manager ,
I have read your call for marketing professionals on your corporate website .
During my studies I doubled the conversion rate of a London - based hotel 's website , and improved the effectiveness of their e - mail campaign by 150% .
I did so by clearly outlining principles , which proved to work with their target audience and they can keep using as a guide .
I have been following your marketing activities , and I have a number of new , creative ways on my agenda , I could improve your brand image as part of your team .
I would be excited to tell you about my plans in detail in a future interview .
Yours sincerely ,
Sandor Erzsi
I have a strong belief that being multilingual is essential for working in the financial industry and Mandarin is an important language for working in Asia - Pacific countries .
The regular meetings with my group of students to discuss their questions on econometrics have developed my empathy , which is a crucial skill of being a leader .
I have gained a better understanding of the role credit risk plays in the full picture of banking operations .
A Real Vacation and A Dream Vacation
To me , a vacation is a specific trip or journey for recreation or tourism .
And I usually spend my vacation with my family during school break .
However , there are two kinds of vacation , a real vacation and a dream vacation .
One summer vacation , I went on a trip to Paris with my family .
It was a 10-day trip .
And we had booked all our hotels in advance .
It seemed to be a dream vacation .
But it turned out to be totally different when I arrived there .
It was in the afternoon when we arrived .
When I walked out the airport , I was attracted by the beautiful scenery .
The streets , the cafés and the people formed a beautiful picture .
At night , I expected to have a romantic French dinner at a posh restaurant .
But no , instead of sitting in a restaurant , my mum took us to a supermarket to get some sandwiches for dinner .
And we had only water when we were thirsty .
But it made my legs sore every night .
And I would like to go there with my boyfriend .
After , I would head to the sandy beach and relax in the sun , feeling the breeze .
Lying on the beach is very relaxing and it is the perfect thing to do on vacation .
Once the sun goes down , I would hit the bars to have some drinks and enjoy the nightlife .
And I would always have my meals at some luxurious restaurants .
Vacations should be relaxing , not tiring .
And it is all on account of the budgets we have .
From now on , I will save my money to turn all my vacations into my dream vacations .
When I finished the high school , I started working as an accountant in my father 's carpentry business .
At the beginning , it was really difficult to me because I was a little shy with customers and I was n't used to working among noisy machinery and shouting workers , but after a while time , I learned to ignore all of that !
Very soon I realized that this job was n't for me .
I was working in a very small country and my office was isolated , so I did n't have any contact with other people and my job started to get boring .
It took me 12 years to get the courage to quit because it was my family company and I felt really sorry , but I had to grow up and improve my professional skills , so I began to look for a new job .
When I received an email from a company based in the centre of Milan , I was really excited !
My father was happy because it was a great opportunity and understood that it was what I 've been dreaming of for a long time .
Five years have passed and I 'm still working for this company , which has given me a lot , and I 've been learning many things about accounting .
In fact , I am administrative manager and I feel really proud of myself .
I meet lots of people every day and I have the chance to talk to smart people .
Last but not least , I 'm a great fashion expert because I work near the shopping streets !
I would love to be the person to organise and do all kinds of activities .
My name is Aly Meeuws , I am 16 years old , I live in The Netherlands at the moment and I am really planning on going to the USA in the future , so this would difinitely be a great experience for me , especially for my English and being away from home .
Until next summer , I will still be in school but , hopefully , I will graduate so I can go to college afterwards .
I love to work with children and that is also why this job would be perfect for me .
Often , after school , I babysit my parents ' friends ' children and I usually really like it ! I am also a very athletic person , so I would not mind entertaining the children for a longer period of time and also doing some physical exercises .
Besides that , I also really enjoy cooking with my mom at home , so working in the kichens would not be a problem at all .
Once , I cooked a Christmas dinner for me and my whole family and , surprisingly , everyone enjoyed it , which definitely came as a surprised to me !
I hope to hear from you soon !
Kind regards ,
Aly Meeuws
Despite the rise of social media , the idea of community has changed radically , because people are sharing interests everywhere on the planet .
Finally , it will look into possible future implications of this kind of technoogy .
Social networks websites can be explained as a web usefulness that admit people to create a public or semi - public profile , arrange a list of other contacts which it is possible to share connection and look at and cross their list of connections and those made by others within the system .
One of the most popular social networking websites is Facebook .
Another rapidly expanding social networking tool is Twitter .
On the other hand , on Facebook , people can share pictures , vídeos and thoughts without restrictions .
As a result of an appropriate use of social networking tools in education , Javanovic , Chiong and Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrate that students adopt Facebook not especially for socialising but also for academic purposes , like , to obtain benefit for their studies or to recover time in discovering learning resources ( p.39 ) .
Furthermore , some departments of police in the USA have used Facebook to share a vídeo of a felony with the expectancy to identify the suspects , and their followers were apt to say something about the incident in return to the publication .
My most memorable learning experience to date was my marriage .
My ex - husband taught me not to be involved with some kind of people by analyzing his behavior before commitment .
We discussed about some sexist ideas that I do n't agree with about what the society demands on people and I noticed a little sexism of him , but I was fine with that because That can happen , but due to my profession , he could n't be like that for so long , because I was in a man 's shoes .
He was very jealous , but I thought it would fade away with time and with the gaining of the trust , but it did not and ended up making me sick by the time passed .
I learned that a man does anything to conquer a woman , he even does a lot of hateful things for him , such as going to her home every night to stay together or to hang out , while later you find out that he hates going to places except his house .
I learned a man says anything just to shut you up and not discuss things , just to have some love moments .
He does not end an argument and give a position to understand your point , he thinks he is right and does not want to think about it .
For example , while women think about millions of things like what they want to do or have to do during the day , while men just do nto think about anything and can be like that for hours , just whith a blank mind .
But , in my opinion , this should be an excuse to think something that women should n't know anything about .
I also learned that it is the mother that gives the principles and the direction of a man 's mind , and depending on her , he is going to be a sexist or not , he is going to help and be an honor man or not , he is going to be a good and caring father or not , he is going to be a responsible human being or not .
Once upon a time there was a majestuous kingdom in England , surrounded by beautiful rivers , waterfalls and mountains .
Everyone lived peacefully and harmoniously until one day , at the welcoming ball in honour of the little princess , a horrendous witch showed up and cursed the little princess named Sophie , who would die at the age of 16 and only a kiss of true love would save her .
One day she figured out how to escape through a hidden passage , she got to the town and ran and jump , she did every little thing she was n't been aloud to do since so long .
As only a gentleman would do , he apologised and introduced himself to the Princess :
I am Michael . "
The princess was a little scared of talking to someone she did n't know , because she had never got to talk to anyone before , but still she answer him with a big smile - You are excused , my name is Sophie.- It truly was love at first sight .
Sophie accepted and they started a strong friendship that , through the time , became in more than just a friendship , they fall in love for each other .
Princess Sophie used to escape so she could meet with Michael , until one day , when she was just about to meet Michael to confess to him all the truth about who she really was , a guards discovered her and the King commanded him to lock her up in her room .
Michael was disappointed because he thought that Princes Sophie did n't love him anymore .
But after Michael read the first letter , and found out that Sophie was a princess , he thought he was just a game for her .
He did n't want to read the next letters , in which Princess Sophie said he was the love of her life and also wrote about the curse .
Michael decided to leave the kingdom , when he was just about to close the door , he turned back to his coffee table and saw the letters , he had a hunch but he ignored it .
I believe that saying that there is no future for public transport given that travelling by car is so much more convenient , is premature . We need to consider a lot of factors before we can make a judgement of this kind .
What happens in the future will be decided by what happens now .
We have already heard about how pollution is killing our planet earth , gradually .
People are advised to carpool and travel together to work places .
Yet , not many pay heed to the message .
People may choose to ignore the advice now but , in the future , they may not have a choice .
It is only a matter of time before we reach a tipping point with respect to the limited natural resources that we have .
Then we may have no choice but to use public transport as much as we can for travel .
It 's a comedy with romantic features and , at the same time , very realistic .
There are family problems , football madness , romantic obsessions and mental illnesses .
The plot is about a young man ( Bradley Cooper ) who has just been discharged from a psychiatric hospital and has moved to his parents home .
He was accused of mistreating his wife and that is the reason why they had been separated for the last eight months .
The problem is that he has an obsession : he wants to get back with his wife although he ca n't talk to her as the police have forbidden him .
His neighbour is a young woman ( Jennifer Lawrence ) who has been widowed for 2 years .
She has a turbulent and complicated past .
Interestingly , they find the way to help each other and , not surprisingly , finally they fall in love .
Introduction
The aim of this report is to present young people 's interests in my country .
It gives information about their tastes in music , TV programmes and clothes .
Music
A revival of rock music has been seen in the past 10 - 15 years .
So , naturally , about half of the teenagers and young adults prefer rock and roll , hard rock and progressive rock to other genres .
About one third of the rest would claim they listen mainly to pop folk , whereas the rest would be interested in R&B , soul and jazz .
Television
Although not many young people like spending their free time watching TV , I believe that some patterns of preference can still be recognized .
Clothes
Most teens tend to create their own unique style , often managing to start a fashion of their own .
Designer clothes are not what they look for anymore .
Conclusion
Hello Sarah !
How have you been ? I 'm writing you this letter because I think I found the perfect flat for you .
And guess what ...
He said yes .
It 's a third floor apartment right in the middle of the city .
It has two bedrooms , a kitchen and a very large bathroom .
The house is already equipped with everything you might need and furniture so all you need to do is pack up your things and move !
Tell me what you think about it .
Bye , Sofia
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would like to express my total dissatisfaction with your latest measures .
You changed the time of the Japanese lessons from the evening to the afternoon , when I am actually at work .
So if I want to come to the lesson , I have to postpone all my projects to a later time .
Furthermore , you will increase the course fee by 15% from next month .
I have to say , I am really upset about these changes .
In the future , you do not provide the Japanese course at a convenient time .
So you will provide a worse service for more money from next month .
I am very sorry , but I can not accept this !
If you do not change your policies or give me a personal discount , I will leave your school .
I would appreciate it if you took these possibilities into consideration .
I expect a quick response from you .
Yours faithfully
Vivien Alberta
Recently I watched a film called " The Sixth Sense " , and I 'd totally recommend it to anyone older than 13 .
The movie is set in the United States around the 1990 's , so we could say the film is technically modern , though I 'm sure that in some years it will be considered a classic .
His mother does n't know about this , but she is worried about him .
So she decides to take him to a child psychologist .
I 'm not normally keen on thrillers , but this is definitely a must watch .
The boy 's acting is really something , such a thing that his acting earned him a nomination for the Academy Awards .
Funding proposal
As the secretary of the English Language club , i am writing to propose that our club be given funding for the coming year .
Outline of the club 's activity
The Club has many social and cultural programs .
We also invite guest speakers and organise fun events .
Benefits for the students
Many students gain a great deal from our activities .
For example , with every film seen , our students have the chance to practice their language and to develop their own opinions , particularly as we always have discussions aroud a subject related to the film .
Also , our monthly speakers are exellent , for example , last year we invited a well - known actrice , Janet Hewitt , to share some of her experience on Broadway .
Benefits for the college
In my opinion , shopping is not always enjoyable .
What 's more , shopping is almost always unenjoyable .
I just hate it .
The whole process is arduous and nerve - wracking .
I am a homebody type .
Every time , when something compels me to leave my " castle " , I feel under the weather .
It just winds me up .
Afterwards , the crowd of people is ramming me , when I 'm trying to walk .
My eyes instantaneously start to hurt .
Although , if I find something cute , it wo n't fit .
And the worst thing - the queues .
I hate them wholeheartedly .
At the end , I 'm livid and exhausted .
Thank goodness we live in the internet age and I can do shopping without leaving my bed .
1 . The author compares Easter to a pagan spring festival , because they are associated with happiness .
The way Easter and , specifically , Good Friday is celebrated is gradually deprived of religious content .
People do n't want to to contemplate Christ 's suffering , but they want to move directly to the cheerful part of the Easter celebration , so , to Easter Sunday .
2 .
According to the author , people " flinch from consideration of Good Friday " due to three taboos connected with this day : self - sacrifice , suffering and death .
The way self - sacrifice is seen has changed enormously - we no longer want to sacrifice ourselves , because it 's unpopular and it is in contradiction with the idea of consumerism .
What is more , we are becoming indifferent to other people 's suffering and that 's why we are n't willing to think about it , even on Good Friday .
Suffering , as well as death , is pushed away from our real life - we do n't want to experience them , but would rather watch it on different kinds of TV shows .
3 . The L'Oreal slogan " Because you 're worth it " proves the author 's thinking that we are unwilling to sacrifice ourselves .
In a consumptive lifestyle , we want more and more for ourselves , but not for other people , because it will require self - sacrifice .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
It was a hot summer 's day , everyone was walking to their usual destination ; work , school , to buy some groceries , pick up the laundry or their clothes at the cleanners , everyone except Peter .
" Do n't they know what is happening ? "
Suddenly , Peter started to run , while he ran , he looked at his watch , over and over again , as if by looking at his watch time would stop .
He stopped at a great big building , knowing that the fastest way to get to the top floor of the building was by taking the elevator , but what if the elevator stopped ?
He decided to take the stairs , and so he did .
He ran up the stairs as fast as he could .
Half way through his journey , he tripped .
To him , it felt as if time had stopped for a moment , but time , as time always does , kept going .
Peter smiled for a brief moment as he remembered his obsession with Einstein 's Theory of General Relativity , he thought , " finally I understand it " .
He calmly stood up , looked at his watch , then closed his eyes and realized that there was nothing else to do .
Nowadays , it is hard for many young people to do physical exercise frequently .
It is a well - known fact that sometimes they prefer watching TV on the sofa or playing computer games comfortably to doing physical activities .
So , it is necessary to find a solution in order to make young people keep fit in a motivated way .
There can be no doubt that technology should be a tool to motivate young people .
It is clear that most of them use computers and watch television almost every day , but while they are doing this , they are sitting in a comfortable sofa .
In the market , you can find a wide range of computer games or video games to keep fit , such as dancing to the rhythm of the last hits , playing tennis , doing aerobics , running ...
Moreover , schools can play an important role in kids ' fitness .
It is true that many young people do extra activities related to sports , like football or basketball .
I firmly believe that were the schools to offer kids a greater variety of sports , there can be no doubt that they would do more exercise .
In this way , children could do the sport they prefer as a routine .
School programmes and technology could be effective methods to achieve this goal .
It seems to me that school programmes would make young people be encouraged to keep fit because , in this way , they do their favourite sport in a routine way .
I was 9 years old when it happened for the first time .
Back in the time , when I successfully passed the third grade , my parents decided to let me pick the present that I want as a reward .
The very first thing that came to my mind was a pair of inline roller skates ; I used to look out of my window , or sitting on my house 's door step and see my neighbors skating and trying to do some tricks and jumps , and all I wanted was joining them instead of watching them enjoying their times .
My parents took me to TOYS R US to get what I wanted .
I tried a couple of sizes to see which one fits more .
After that , I went back home , I put them on , and I went outside to skate .
I fell over a hundred times in a few days .
In a couple of years , I became much better and I learned to do many tricks , like skating backwards , the Snake and the Zigzag .
However , that was not enough for me .
When I started aggressive skating , I had to learn how to balance my weight using heavy two - wheel inline skates .
This kind of skating taught me how to take risks and not to be afraid .
After a while , the group expanded , and we used to go around the town , Yanbu , to search for great edges and rails to slide on .
In addition , we made our own skate rails , and we used some help from my friend 's brother , who is in fact an Engineer .
Once , on a weekend , it was my last year in middle school , I was at the park practicing as usual .
I found three people skating , and again , a new kind of skates , and new methods .
Their moves were so smooth ; it was more like a ballet .
I was impressed .
We discussed different topics , but mainly skating .
It turned out that they were wearing roller hockey skates . "
These skates are light , smooth , and perfect for freestyle slalom skating .
" One of them said .
The words " freestyle " and " slalom " caught my attention .
I kept staring at them with a wide opened mouth and eyes .
The butterfly feeling in my stomach started to appear .
I went to the same park .
After a couple of hours of trying to get used to my new skates , I put the cups on .
I opened some tutorial videos on YouTube and started to practise .
In a short time , I became so good , and some of my friends changed from aggressive to slalom skating just by seeing me practicing .
My guess is they had the same reaction I had when I saw the three skaters .
For me , skating is not just a sport .
A freestyle skater who can make a perfect combo of tricks that matches the rhythm is an artist .
When I stopped looking for enthusiasm , fun , and excitement and started trying to fulfill my heart , brain , and body 's desires by skating , I knew for sure skating is not just a sport or a hobby .
Skating is a lifestyle .
About one year ago , I moved to Philadelphia , United States .
I had to find something to keep me going , to fulfill the missing part in me .
A friend suggested giving ice skating a shot , and for me , everything is worth trying just to be able to skate again .
I went to an ice rink , I rented hockey skates , and I started to skate .
I did not imagine that it would be that similar to roller skating .
It was just a matter of balance .
Shopping is very popular among tourists .
The most well - known shopping centre is called Marina Bay Sands mall , located in the south part of the island .
If you are looking for any luxury brands and an extravaganza shopping experience , this is the right place .
Both places are extremely crowded with people on the weekend , so unless you enjoy people watching , early - bird shopping is highly recommended .
This place is also famous for good coffee shops .
Lastly , there are sports dedicated malls , which are velocity in Novena , Kallang mall and Queensway mall .
A variety of selections from different brands are available .
Icebreakers
I was surprised when I realized I was talking too much .
Whenever I talk with someone I meet for the first time , I often make us fall into awkward silences .
But with him , I 'm ... I 'm different , I 'm the one who often breaks the ice .
Because I want him to talk .
I love to listen to him talking - I love his voice .
I try to recall the jokes I 've read in books or on Facebook or blogs and tell him .
I love his laughter , his smile , his chuckle .
However , when we sit in silence , I love to stare at him , reading his face .
Is he feeling bored ?
Is something on his mind ?
I know it .
He 's friendly .
He always smiles when he 's talking .
I once told a friend , " You know ?
He 's very friendly .
He can make friends easily .
Even if you meet him for the first time , his smile can make you feel comfortable . " My friend replied , " Yes , I may feel comfortable around him .
We may become friends in seconds .
But I doubt I can read his face like you do . "
I always want to be with him , talking , laughing , smiling or simply sitting in silence reading his face .
I 'm the kind of person who used to think that every hour had a purpose , who had no time to waste , not even a single hour .
But when I 'm with him , they become secondary .
He is the most important thing to me .
I am happy when I am with him .
I do n't want to do anything else .
Just being with him is enough .
Please , let me follow my heart , at least for the first time in my life .
Advertising is a form of communication that is used to influence and persuade consumers to buy products , services , ideas .
Advertising is most commonly aimed at the manipulation of consumer 's behavior in a commercial aspect .
But at the same time , advertising has many features in common with art .
Firstly , art is the expression of human creative skills and imagination , typically in a visual form .
And advertising is a combination of sounds , images and words .
Like art , it is intended to evoke emotions and feelings .
To be successful , advertising often uses images from popular movies , catchy melodies , unusual graphic elements and fragments of famous paintings .
Often , people , who are watching a commercial , do not remember what details or elements of other visual art types they have seen before .
Therefore , advertising successfully combines other types of art to influence the subconscious and human behavior .
Secondly , art , as well as advertising , is such a large part of our everyday lives .
Someone designed all the things around us : a chair , shoes , clothes .
It is art .
Art is something that is both functional and aesthetically pleasing to people 's eyes .
Hoardings and billboards , which are a part of the urban landscape , are art .
Visual advertising like painting , uses color , value , space and line .
Also , it uses balance , contrast , emphasis and proportion .
Lastly , advertising , like art , originated a long time ago .
Commercial advertising can be traced as far back as Ancient Greece .
There were posters for entertainment , small ads for businesses , merchants used town criers , paying for events .
Now , advertising is a big part of modern culture .
Advertising is creative combinations of sounds , images and words .
Modern technologies , the development of mass media , are allowed advertising to become the greatest art from the 20th century .
Michael got out of bed on the wrong side that day or , at least , that 's what he thought when , on his way to work , he was so concentrated on looking down at his mobile phone that he did n't see a woman approaching him and they both collided .
She was around fifty years old and rather unattractive although smartly dressed .
She did n't see Michael coming either because she had just come out of a Starbuck 's coffee shop right at the corner and was putting her purse back into her massive handbag .
Michael then remembered how he had overslept that morning , how he did n't have time to have breakfast , how he did n't have any clean shirt ready and had to wear the new one that he was keeping for a special occasion and he blamed that woman for it all .
And then he rushed away trying not to be late for work .
A couple of hours later , already in his office , he received a call .
The new human resources manager had arrived and wanted to meet every worker in the company personally .
It was his turn now .
He jumped off his chair , walked down the corridor and stopped in front of the HR Manager 's office .
He knocked at the door and when he opened it , he saw , sitting there , the same old lady he had cursed a few hours earlier in the street .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My article is about a class play .
The first thing you need to start with is a deadline to get everything done by .
Students must learn their lines by heart .
You can give them the play with gaps to read through and finally get them to perform a number of times without a script .
Also , they can see how much language they can produse .
In a world of increasing environmental awareness , improved public transport represents the way of the future .
Although people do enjoy the convenience and privacy of travelling in their own private vehicles , in my opinion , they may choose public transport if it fulfils certain conditions .
These conditions fall into three broad categories : attitudinal , financial and logistical .
From an attitudinal perspective , people must first be convinced of the benefits of public transportation .
An educational or public relations campaign must be launched to sensitize those who might have disregarded this possibility before .
People should be familiarized with the environmental , social and personal benefits for present and future generations .
This is one step .
From a financial perspective , public transportation must be a clear and viable benefit to consumers .
In other words , it must be more affordable than driving to work every day .
This is another critical step .
From a logistical perspective , public transportation should be convenient for commuters .
City planners and transport officials must ensure that frequent and reliable public transportation is available for each citizen .
For people to make the habit of travelling by bus or subway , they must know that they will be able to get to various places on time .
Transport vehicles must be well maintained , subway and bus drivers should be customer - oriented and service must be punctual and efficient .
This is an additional important step .
In conclusion , through a multi - pronged approach , it is possible to increase the use of public transportation .
City officials and politicians can lead the way by utilizing these forms of transport themselves and bringing about change through personal example .
Then , more citizens will follow suit and we may all hope to live in a cleaner , less polluted environment .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to provide you with some background information so you can better judge my scholarship for the MA in Business Administration ( see attached form and résumé ) .
Regarding my academic experience , I am currently completing my degreee in Primary Teaching and Psycology at the University of Valencia , Spain , where my current speciality is in misbehavioral children .
For these reasons , I strongly believe I am able to take on the demands of a full - time job in your facilities .
Should my application be successful , I am available for interview whenever it is convenient .
If you require any further details or references , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Imma Díaz .
My favorite sport is cycling .
I enjoy this sport because it allows you to take care of your health by using almost all your muscles while you can also enjoy the scenery and visit the places you come across .
Like every sport , it is also a good way to meet people and make some new friends .
You can ride at your own pace and go increasingly far .
It makes you see the road and your environment differently .
Furthermore , it is better for the planet to ride a bike instead of driving a car because cycling does n't produce any pollution .
For instance , you need good brakes , lights , a bell and reflective stripes on your wheels or reflectors .
You also need to know some basic rules such as putting out your arm to indicate when you turn and , of course , you need to know the highway code .
A lot of people are afraid to ride a bike in cities because they fear the massive presence of cars and think they will be crushed .
But if you learn how to obtrude in the circulation while remaining polite with the others , there is no reason to be afraid .
Let 's get on our bikes and discover new places !
Dear Paul ,
Unfortunately , I did n't have time to answer .
I was studying a lot and now I 've got some days to rest .
You wrote that you are interested to know something about the concert I helped organize .
It was a great experience .
during the concert , I was responsible for checking tickets .
After the concert we had to clear the concert area as there was a lot of mess around !
We were cleaning for over 8 hours !
On top of that , each of us got two tickets for the next concert of the band .
Take care , hope to hear from you soon
Kinga
I was alone in my bedroom and a young good looking woman entered the room .
It looked quite simple , I had no idea who could have sent me that letter .
When the woman left , I opened it eagerly and when I read the first sentence my heart stopped .
It said that I was now one of them .
I met those boys the next Friday and they told me that I had to pass the test initiation .
I felt extremely nervous , I was about to commit a crime and my heart was beating uncontrollably , really fast .
" Hi " , he groaned drumming his fingers .
" Do you have ice - creams ? " I asked nervously .
" Thank you " , I mumbled , and went straight to the fridge .
My hands were sweating and the other boys were waiting outside , ecstatic .
A second later , a child entered the shop and began to move around quickly .
He was quite small , about seven years old and he was beaming , smiling from ear to ear .
I thought it was the perfect moment and , at the speed of light , I put a whole box of sweets into my old bag .
Silence .
I was going to leave , when the bitter and loud voice of the man surprised me .
" Hey little boy , what are you doing ?
He yelled angrily .
My heart nearly stopped beating . I turned and noticed that the man was not speaking to me , but to the child .
" I do n't know " , he answered , confused .
" Where has the sweet box gone little thief ?
He rasped and crossed his arms .
" I have not taken anything yet " , the boy whimpered .
" Dear me ! How can you be so cheeky ? " he uttered dismissively , taping his feet .
Feeling horribly guilty , I fell asleep .
A day at the races .
In a few sentences , we can get an idea of what it is .
I think that horse races are a fun entertainment if you like one of these three things : animals , betting and fashion .
If you like animals , you 'll ejoy seeing that beautiful horses running and vaulting as fast as they can .
If you like to bet and you 're not used to doing it at horse races , maybe you 're looking forward to trying to bet on the nose or each way .
Meanwhile , you can have a good time drinking some bubbly .
But you can also have a " horrible " day at the races : if you 're not savvy enough to know the differences between the bets , you can end up skint , penniless .
Anyway , if you knew beforehand your odds of winning , it would n't be so thrilling .
That 's the raison d'être of horse racing : lose or win money .
And if you want to admire the wonderful world of hats , you 'd better buy some magazine where you 'll find all the photos for just 2 € .
Hello ,
thanks for the letter which has just arrived . I 've read that you 're writing a term paper on the chances of developing counties to profit from the electronic revolution , are n't you ?
I think I 've some useful information for you .
Today it is a fact that there is a target group for mobile banking : people who are living in remote areas of the world .
On the one hand , there are hardly any banks in these regions , so they do n't have access to bank services .
But on the other hand , the number of mobile phones has risen .
Through this , many people would have access to mobile banking and , in addition to that , it makes money available so it can be used in shops .
Write back soon and let me know how it goes .
Best wishes
Alexandra
For today 's teenagers it is hard to imagine life before mobile phones although it did exist only some decades ago .
Few technical inventions have had such a deep impact on our daily life as this little thing .
However , there are various advantages and disadvantages to a mobile phone and everyone has to decide for him- or herself in which way to use this medium .
First of all , the mobile phone is a great way to " stay connected " all the time . Chatting with your friends , staying informed of the latest news , ordering online , etc - you can do all these things simultaneously , wherever and whenever you want .
Furthermore , mobile phones allow last - minute - changes very easily .
No need to make a fixed appointment with a friend in advance , as you can always agree to call each other once everyone is on the way .
However , the biggest strength of the mobile phone is also the biggest risk , in my opinion : being connected all the time creates a lot of stress for people , as you are always available for everyone .
Therefore , you do n't have any time to relax , which is essential , even from your leisure duties .
The same is valid for business life : if employees are available all the time , they take the worries of the daily business with them to their home , which means a lot of stress .
Last but not least , the mobile phone enables worried parents or suspicious partners to track the child or the loved one nearly permanently .
This can be seen as loving worry about someone but also as a sign of distrust .
Finally , the mobile phone offers both disadvantages and advantages in daily life .
I recently saw a film called Passengers .
It 's about 2000 people that want to go to a new planet to start a new life and their trip was going to take approximately 120 years .
But they were wrong .
These guy was called Mark and he was an engineer .
He was going to be alone for the next 90 years .
He could n't continue like that so he hacked one of the cabins of a woman that he loved .
The first 2 years , all was perfect until the day number 734 .
She discovered that she did n't have any problem with the cabin , it was Mark who hacked it .
It does not seem like years have passed since I first met her , but it was some time ago indeed .
It was such a hot summer that it was impossible to turn off the ventilator and I was a bored child with a laptop . I had signed in on the social network , Tuenti , and I liked passing all the time chatting .
One day , a girl called Irene talked to me .
She told me that she was bored as well and that she also had two brothers .
She was a very friendly person and soon we were chatting every day .
Although we were in the same school , we had n't talked before .
It was nearly August when we decided to meet .
I was really excited .
Irene was taller than me , brown - eyed and dark - haired .
She picked me up and took me to her house .
And what a beautiful house it was !
She had a swimming pool , a little garden and a lovely bunny called " Suki " .
We stayed there all the afternoon , talking and laughing like we had been friends for ages .
I knew it was the beginning of a great friendship .
That one meeting made it a day I will never forget .
The company immediately replied telling him that they were sorry if they did n't reply days earlier , but they could n't , since the system crashed and did n't allow them to send electronic mail , just to receive it .
Louis told them that it was related to an instrument to explore new places .
He wanted to conquest as much territory down the sea level as he could .
He thought that it was a great way to relax and think about things .
When he was exploring the bottom of the sea , he tried to grab a rock , but just when he touched it , it scattered into dust , which vanished in the bulk quantity of water around him , that 's when he knew the next important thing that the invention needed to have : resistance .
There 's a lot of pressure in the deep parts of the sea and what happened to the rock was the clear proof of it .
Although it also needed to be flexible , it needed to be tough .
It needed to be this way .
If not , the consumers of this product will end up buried .
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to outline actions taken by the authorities of Mińsk Mazowiecki in the sphere of preserving the environment .
What happens to the rubbish ?
The local government of Mińsk Mazowiecki has recently implemented new laws which concern rubbish segregation .
It is obligatory for the inhabitants to put their different types of garbage into separate bins .
Although citizens usually obey those rules , in some cases , they are completely neglected .
Waste is thrown on the ground and very few people are concerned about this problem .
Town 's actions
As not all inhabitants are sensitive about the environment , it is the local government 's responsibility to decrease the harmful effects of people 's actions .
Authorities make sure that rubbish bins are placed in small distances apart since this is the most common reason why people throw litter on the ground .
There are many workers employed so that the waste is picked up .
Not also does it give job to people , but it also has a good impact on the town 's scenery .
One of the most challenging issues in modern cities is transportation .
Cities have been planned to satisfy people 's needs to travel all around the city .
Now we can observe people moving around the city using bikes , underground , public transport , and cars .
When referring to cars , we can considerably reduce the number of vehicles on the streets if we use public transport .
Secondly , having a car implies different costs have to be afforded .
For example , cars require petrol to function .
Finally , if every person drives his / her own car , pollution shall considerably increase , affecting air conditions .
I was getting really bored .
The floor was very dirty and I could not even go out because all the people who wanted to buy our furniture were standing near our door .
My mother said that it would be rude to go out at that time .
I was so annoyed that I closed my eyes and wished for a chair ...
When I opened my eyes , I saw a beautiful chair with orange and green stripes .
It had four red wooden legs and it looked very comfortable indeed .
I immediately sat down and began to feel relaxed .
Suddenly , the chair jerked up and went straight out of the window while I was still sitting on it .
It swerved , beautifully avoiding a tree , and landed on the ground as softly as a butterfly .
Then I realized that the chair had wheels along with a ' nitro & teleport ' button on the armrest .
I might have pressed the nitro button by mistake when I sat down .
I pressed teleport and said , " Botanical garden " .
It actually took me there !
I had a great time taking a stroll there while people watched me with their eyebrows raised .
I wanted to explore more about the chair but I knew that I should go home by them .
So I pressed teleport and said , " Home " .
That 's where it took me .
As soon as I reached there the chair disappeared and I landed on the floor with a thump !
My mother came and said , " Get up !
The floor is so dirty " and she went .
I guess it is back to normal now so I will have to get up again .
I leaned against the wall and thought about my adventure .
Today we had a class discussion about taking one year off between leaving school and starting university .
Different thoughts came up , but my personal opinion is that it could be a wonderful thing .
It can be a great opportunity to travel , meet new cultures and people , or it can be a chance to work to save up money for being able to afford the cost of the university a person planned on attending .
Or maybe , during the year off , somebody could also decide that they do n't want to continue their studies , because they have already found what they want to do or be .
Personally , I would love to take one year off , and I think I would spend it travelling around Europe .
The aim of this presentation will be to analyse the aims and approaches of sales promotion as well as to evaluate both the benefits and the drawbacks sales promotions provide .
For this purpose , the presentation will be divided into four sections .
The first section will show the definition of sales promotion as an introduction .
The second part will provide the aim of sales promotion as well as the analysis of some key sales promotion techniques in detail .
Finally , there will be an evaluation of its advantages and disadvantages as well as the present situation .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Also , I am able to work with children as I used to be a tutor in the sport summer camp .
What is more , I am quite good at sports , especially at football , basketball and tennis .
I consider myself to be a cheerful , energetic and hardworking person .
They say that I am able to work under pressure .
I am enclosing my CV .
I would be grateful if you could tell me what sports and evening activities I would have to organise .
In addition , could you tell me what job in the kitchens I should do ?
Please be informed that I am available for an interview at your convenience , so do not hesitate to contact me .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Daniel Q.
Dear reader ;
My name is Ivan Longo , I 'm 19 years old and I was born at Val d'Isere , Italy , but last year I moved to Barcelona , in Spain .
I 'm the oldest of 4 sons .
Why should you contact me ?
I 'm a very extroverted guy , with experience taking care of children , as I 've been working as a skiing trainer for 2 years now , this winter it will be the third .
I know how to treat children and how to make them have fun , something that would help me to organise activities and events for them .
Hope to hear from you soon ,
Ivan
Eight months working in the industry as an assistant mechanical design engineer gave me the very basic concept of mechanical design .
I recognized that mechanical design is not just about creating mechanical products .
It can be seen in many aspects , ranging from producing a maintenance process , improving performance for a specific part of the mechanical system , to creating the whole new product .
This is because , despite having experience in industrial design , I was never taking part in the design process from the initial stage .
Being placed in a project team working for Sydney Water about producing a maintenance excellent standard , I started to read the course outline and lecture notes more carefully to find out where to start and what I should do to deliver a good outcome .
This was demonstrated during the Project Introductions session as well as the lecture notes , client interview task and client feedback ( which is worth 25 points in the total mark ) .
Because in order to deliver a successful industry project , I not only have to make a good product , but also have to be good at introducing my idea and persuading customers .
This is such an essential activity that allows me to gauge my performance , keep pace with the group and not to be left behind .
To sum up , at the end of week three , my expectation for this course are to be able to apply my reflective thinking in any further design process , to be able to deliver a persuasive technical presentation , and to be effective in verbal communication skills and presentation skill .
Last but not least , I hope I can learn to work effectively under any circumstances as a team member or a team leader by the end of this course .
Bachelor Degree in Marketing and Communication )
Response : My education degree is Bachelor of Accounting , and I have a Master 's degree in Business Administration ( MBA Executive ) .
2 ) How many years of experience do you have in Accounting ?
Response : I 've been in auditing and accounting since I finished my studies in college , more than 13 years ago .
3 ) How many years of experience do you have in Controlling / Finance ?
Response : From all my experience , I have specifically more than 2 years of experience as consolidation controller in a Spanish multinational company and the rest of my experience as auditor , shared between Venezuela and Spain .
4 ) Do you have experience in international business ?
5 ) How would you describe your English knowledge level on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
6 ) How would you describe your Excel knowledge level on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
7 ) What are your salary expectations ?
Response : I am seeking a salary in the € 40000 range , plus benefits .
8) Why are you interested in this position ?
Response : I 've read about how this company 's growth is on the rise and also how involved it is in the reduction the of cost of energy and how to harness the power of modern energy as the world moves further into the 21st century .
After all , there are many people who ca n't afford a car .
In addition , the car is one of the means most used , not only for its quickness but also because the cost of public transport is increasing every year .
We should also consider the fact that , nowadays , life is so busy that we ca n't waste our time taking public transport .
However , cars can cause some problems like traffic jams and accidents that could be avoided by using public transport .
To conclude , it seems to me that it is fine to use cars sometimes , but whether the quality of public transport was better , the amount of pollution and accidents would decrease .
Due to the increasing population of the world , countries are likely to need more fresh water to irrigate crops to satisfy their population .
Therefore , water scarcity may pose a threat to people 's living standards .
It will examine responses including the recycling of water , the development of technology about purifying ocean water and multinational sharing about water resources .
Recycling wastewater is an effective method to solve the water scarcity problem .
This is because there is a huge number of water usage presenting in people 's daily life , they just need to be collected to filter waste parts .
For example , those recycled water can be utilized to water plants in a garden , but if they are clear enough , residents only need to heat them to wash dishes or even drink it .
Moreover , developing the latest technology about purifying ocean water can be regarded as a viable alleviation strategy .
As is well known , about 70 per cent surface of earth is covered by ocean water , so every region surrounded by ocean , like Australia , makes the most of the ocean water resource to release the pressure of fresh water need .
Sharing different water resources with neighbouring countries can be another strategy which can help to alleviate the problem of water scarcity .
Countries with abundant resources can give assistance to nations with water scarcity .
Despite over - shared water resources could lead to violence and even international tension , few countries have suffered these problems .
In conclusion , water shortage has presented a challenge to individual life and the global environment .
This essay has discussed three alleviation strategies with the potential to resolve the problem of water scarcity , including the use of recycled water and ocean water and international aid .
YOUR FAVOURITE SPORT !
You may not have never thought about it , but you ///would///could///might/// be able to jump from a plane if you wanted .
Skydiving is great !
Additionally , you imagine just the moment before the jump .
I ca n't describe it , you have to do it !
Nowadays we watch the perfection of actors all over the world .
The range of techniques they use to strike the audience is colossal .
Besides , camera work , props and special effects deserve to be called silver screen features , while staging implies actors to convey their play through body movements and energy .
The only preponderance of film acting versus stage acting is in camera / editing work and special effects .
But those are justified by the presence effect stage actors might render active in comparison to film actors .
So , I would say those types of acting are even in the sense of external factors .
The only thing that differs is that the film actor has several takes as opposed to the stage actor who has to play perfectly at one dash .
And controlling your voice is also important for the film actors , in spite of having the support of audio operators , they still have to deal with the same problems as stage actors , that is keeping your voice expressions in compliance with the acting , resonate moving , communicate the emotions and feelings of their model character .
I would say , it does n't matter whether are you performing on the stage or in front of the camera , you should use your facial expression , body language , intonation and timber of voice as if you 're acting as your main character , embody all their treats and features appropriately to the situation .
In other words , no matter what kind of performance it is , the only thing that matters is using all your abilities to model yourself on your hero , get the feel of their role .
I live in Moscow , the capital of the Russian Federation .
There are different types of public transport that people use in major cities in my country , including Moscow : bus , train , tram and metro .
Furthermore , people actively use private transport such as cars , motorbikes , scooters and bicycles .
Sometimes it is very difficult to come home in the rush hour because of traffic jams .
Banning cars from the centre of the city solves all these problems .
For example , it is difficult for some people , including the aged and invalids , to use public transport .
I suppose that banning cars from the centres would be a big problem for them .
Some people believe that cars should be banned from the centres of all major cities but I am against this idea .
In my view , the best solution to all problems would be the limitation of private transport in the centre , but not absolute banning .
Recently I read two articles , they were called ' predicting dyslexia - even before children learn to read ( Zimmerman , 2014 ) ' and ' Innovative ' Intervention helps babies at high risk of autism ( Geggel & Writer , 2015 ) ' .
However the first article was more motivating to read , because the author substantiated important suggestions .
All I can say about the second article is that it has rarely proof of the intervention .
Most importantly , this early intervention can help many kids with dyslexia to overcome their educational failure .
In my opinion , the findings need to be replicated in larger studies before other people turn to video - based therapy as a potential treatment .
What I can tell from this text is that the research is an innovative idea , but needs more attention to improve their success .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He was assigned to a task in the rehabilitation center .
He started with a group of six who signed a consent to participate in the focus group .
He helped them after they finished their session and took them to the meeting room .
He started with some jokes so that they would feel at ease and disclose their experiences .
In the afternoon , he analyzed the content and wrote a report with some recommendations for achieving patients ' satisfaction .
He felt he had done a great job trying to serve the disabled patients .
Brands - pay more for better quality ?
We all know the situation , when we are in the supermarket standing in front of two products which are the same , but one of it costs much more than the other .
Here we have brand products and no - name products .
Now the question is , if it is really justified that brand products are much more expensive than no - name products .
Most people associate brand products automatically with higher quality or better taste , while they think no - name products are just cheap and without any quality and a bad taste .
In surveys , it was asked if consumers would rather buy brand products or no - name products .
When they were asked why , they answered with " because it tastes better " .
After that , the consumers made a blind taste test .
The product without a brand tasted better to nearly everybody .
As a result , you can say it is not always justified that brand products are more expensive than comparable other ones .
The effect of the media on people is clearly noticeable here .
A product which everybody is talking about and which is advertised a lot is automatically considered to be good .
In some cases , it may be true that brand products are better than no - names , for example technology products , but products like Red Bull or others like that , are definitely not always better .
Brand and good quality are not always the same .
Here it is said , try and find out which is really the better one and do not trust on advertisements .
My wife and I got a nasty surprise when we were checking in at Vigo airport yesterday with our baby Pedro .
But , unfortunately , we had forgotten to get a passport for our son , so Pedro could n't fly .
Luckily , we had arrived very early for our flight , so we still had time to do something about it .
We ran to the police station in the airport to apply for an emergency passport .
My wife went with Pedro to the photo machine while I was filling in the forms .
Hi !
First of all , I 'm really happy you accepted my invitation .
You 'll need to take the underground from the airport to the central train station .
You have to take the trains going towards the centre of the town and when you are on the train , jump off at the stop called " Stazione Centrale " .
Once you 're in the train station , go to where they sell tickets and buy one for Viterbo .
In this period it 's mostly sunny and warm , but in the evening it gets a little cold and windy , so bring some jumpers or sweaters ...
I 'm looking forward to seeing you !
See you soon !
To do the same thing in the same place , people should do it in an organised manner .
Actually , it is time saving because everyone eventually does what he wants without wasting time pushing other people .
In addition , employees do n't get confused by receiving several requests at the same time .
That saves time because they receive each request only once and in an organised manner .
Also , some people would never do what they want without queues .
Old people and other weak people would n't be able to push and fight to get their turn .
That would make them feel disabled .
Being crowded in front of the employee makes people uncomfortable .
First , they would n't have privacy because there would be many people surrounding the one dealing with the employee .
In addition , everyone would feel rushed to finish what he is doing .
Hello ,
I love children and it would n't be annoying for me to take care of a group of little monsters and organize sports and activities for them , actually , I think I would really enjoy it and my day would end up with a tired smile , but a very bright smile .
And , since it 's a summer camp and I do n't have homework to do , I would put all of myself into this job .
I started cooking when I was fourteen years old , but I 'm better at baking , so I could help by preparing some sweets for children .
They would obviously be as healthy as possible and I would be really careful about those children who have allergies , and try to bake something that also them can eat too .
English is also been my favorite language since I was a child , I started studying it at the age of three with a really nice teacher named Helen and I have continued improving my English by watching American movies and TV shows during the past few years .
So , I hope to be a great candidate for this job and to get on board with you .
This year could be my last year ... on Gotland :)
Maybe they are , like myself , a bit in over their heads .
But the whole experience brought a positive surprise : working at the same school as Nora does is actually pretty nice .
While we might talk about our job a bit too much , I do n't think it is uncomfortable to work side by side .
Anyhow . I finally connected with some people .
I met some roleplayers at Wiscon and also some live roleplayers through Geek Network , of these , the live roleplay looks promising .
It is a steampunk story and I am supposed to be part of a secret society that is trying to stop an evil cult .
It will be awesome !
Lastly , I hope next year will bring some stability .
Moving is always upsetting and there is a period of adjustment that is very stressful .
And a new workplace is difficult to adjust to and there is no promise that it will be better than the last .
A thing I would miss is the connections I started forging with other people .
If I move again , I know it would take another year to find other people at least .
Chances are that I wo n't meet any other people because Visby at least has a few nerds that you can hook up with .
So in conclusion I would like to say : the future is unknown .
May I not live in interesting times .
But recently he had started to think that it was time to change .
The summer that year had been exceptionally warm , and Michael had found himself wondering if there were better ways to spend it than preparing for his University entrance test .
The truth was that he had n't rested since his graduation day and he was starting to feel tired , but he also knew that he could n't afford to fail .
He closed the window so as not to hear the laughs and yells of his friends , playing soccer in the field in front of his house : " I never liked soccer , anyway " he kept telling himself , but the more he tried , the harder it get to focus on his book .
Suddenly , the doorbell rang , distracting him from his inner struggles , and he heard his Mother opening the door .
" Michael " she called " your friend Tom is here looking for you , could you please come down ? "
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
For many people , parents are teachers in our life .
However , are parents the best teachers in our life ?
Some people might agree with this statement , but I do not .
I think the best teacher is a person who has professional knowledge and good teaching skills .
In addition , the best teachers , by their teachings , are the people who we most agree with and appreciate .
Many parents may not satisfy all of these conditions .
First of all , for many parents to have professional knowledge or good teaching skills is very difficult .
Most parents have special skills , but these skills may not be suitable for their children .
Compared with professional teachers , they have specific teaching abilities .
If parents want to get these abilities , they need to spend extra time to learn them .
Most parents are not willing to do so because of limited time .
Good teaching skills are based on patience , training and passion .
However , not all parents have that kind of personality and most of them are confused or use the wrong ways to teach their children .
Parents undoubtedly play an important role in our life .
However , we may not be greatly influenced by their teachings , but by others ' teachings .
Because everyone has their own talents , values , and judgments , we learn more from those with whom we agree and who we appreciate and get significant influence from them .
These people can be deemed as the best teacher in our life , even if these people , perhaps , are not our parents .
Although parents teach a lot of things in our life , because they do n't have professional training and we may not agree with them and learn more from them , I think parents are not the best teachers in our life .
PREPARING THE REVOLUTION IN FRANCE
If I could travel back in time , undoubtedly I 'd choose to take part in the French revolution .
It is difficult to think about Paris without its Eiffel tower ( it was built several years after the revolution ) , but I 'm sure it was a gorgeous city , as it is nowadays .
They trust in them , and are willing to fight for the freedom , fraternity and solidarity they proclaim .
I also imagine aristocrats fleeing Paris at their earliest convenience , leaving all their expensive dresses and impressive houses unattended .
They are frightened by the social movement , and prefer to look for a safer shelter in the countryside .
But , if I could be there , I would n't waste my time walking down the streets or laughing at the ridiculous aristocrats .
I 'd try to meet the poor king Louis the sixteenth and his wife , Marie Antoinette .
To : eTsa3Ik.Vb0@hotmail.com
From : 6kDtyhs40lPuEC8Q3@web.de
Subject : Concert in London
Dear Mark ,
How are you ? I hope you 're doing well .
Thank you very much again for helping me getting the tickets for the concert in London , but unfortunately I have bad news for you today .
I was so excited about going to London and seeing you again .
As you know , I 'm not the best student and I 've already failed in this exam twice , so there is only one more chance and I have to take it this semester .
Otherwise , I will be taken off the university register .
To be honest , I got really mad at him because I really wanted to go to London and I also already got tickets for my flight .
You do n't know how ashamed I feel now , not only for you because you helped me to get the tickets ( and I can imagine how difficult it must have been ) , but also because you have already arranged everything to make my stay in London as comfortable and enjoyable as possible .
I would let you have the ticket so at least you have the chance to enjoy that event even if it is n't with me .
I 'm sure it will be lots of fun going there !
Otherwise , I could sell both tickets and we can have a look and see if we want to go to the same concert here in Germany .
The band is not so well known here and the ticket sale hasn't started yet .
Sorry again for all those circumstances !
Best wishes ,
Claudia
I have been proving my abilities by overcoming arduous competitions since I chose this career as a lawyer and researcher complying with my passion in persuasion and problem solving .
In 2002 , I was ranked 11th amongst 930 candidates competing for 40 places at the University Federal of Paraiba .
At the law office , I supervised the ISO 8003 procedures .
On the other side , in recognition to my academic performance , I graduated with a Bachelor of Laws with Great Honors in 2007 .
I was placed in the top 10 , with a GPA of 8.73 out of 10 .
This first success as a researcher contributed to my interest in global regulation of trade , that conduces me to this LLM and the international business transactions domain .
After almost 2 years working in complex litigation , I had acquired the maturity to pursue an international career to work on within and cross - border contracts .
Due to my interest in law and economics , I developed a multidisciplinary research project applying the economic analysis in contemplation of illustrating the mutual influence of rules and economic transactions on the legal certainty of transnational transactions .
I profoundly comprehend the theoretical ascertainment for this career , which is that international trade requires rational economic decisions with legally binding consequences .
Thereby , new regulatory sources are created in response to the globalized legal context .
Henceforth , I aim to consolidate my career by mastering the legal responses to the developments shaping international trade today .
Afro - Americans were completely segregated , Caucasians found it impossible to live among them , and that is the main reason why each race had their own church and their houses where separated to .
Women were in charge of the household chores , some of them could get a job as a servant of a Caucasian family .
He decided to go and have dinner at a restaurant which was very near his office .
He put his raincoat on , took his umbrella and headed to the street .
He walked briskly to the restaurant , and tried to be as happy as he could .
The restaurant was almost full .
The waiter , Anthony , knew him and they talked to each other about how their day had been , while he served him the usual beer .
Tom had a first drink and looked around the place .
He suddenly recognized someone , Molly .
Surprised , he thought he had n't seen her for a long time .
Tom and Molly were classmates at secondary school .
She seemed to be having a drink with a friend at the bar .
She was calling the waiter , and unexpectedly saw Tom sitting at a table alone .
They both smiled at each other , and Tom went over to her to say hello .
It was an exciting encounter , and they were both very happy to see each other again .
They felt really happy together , and Molly asked Tom for a date .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Public transport is more useful and better than travelling by car .
Many people would disagree , but our future depends on public transport .
First of all , our environment is polluted and if we are determined to save it , we should definitely stop using cars .
Since cars produce exhaust fumes which slowly destroy our planet , we should start using public transport more often .
Although many countries do not offer a good public transport service , once people get rid of cars , there will be more money for the improvements .
It seems like cars are losing the battle in this case , because these cities propagate the idea that riding bicycles can lead to a better future .
As more money is being invested in the infrastructure , people tend to use more bikes and public transport .
Unfortunately , not many people are prepared to renounce all the advantages a car provides .
For example , it is claimed that it is more convenient to travel by car than by bus because you can make breaks whenever you want to and they are more spacious .
Moreover , it is faster to travel by car than by any other public transport - planes are an exception to this rule .
In conclusion , I think that public transport should win this battle .
The aforementioned representative examples of Vienna and Copenhagen prove how easy it can be to remove cars from our lives , and I believe that more cities should follow their examples .
About the task that you ask me to do , unfortunately , I do n't have enough knowledge about LIMS yet .
I am just beginning to understand the way things are done here .
Nevertheless , all the information that I send to you is based on the information that my colleagues from the wet chemistry laboratory and from the microbiology laboratory gave to me .
Of course , that if you have any suggestions please tell me .
I will transmit it on to them and we will discuss them .
Our international supplier wo n't be able to deliver the reagents or other goods on time .
But we have a local supplier that could do it .
Can we negotiate with them ?
What kind of deal can we do with local suppliers ?
I think it is important to have a local supplier that can help us in particular situations like a stock failure .
Thank you for this conversation .
See you in a few days .
Michael , however , made a living off his fights , at a young age , Michael was attacked and mugged in the street , so he started taking martial arts lessons lest he be bullied again .
With his shaking hands he popped the box of pills he was holding the whole time he was walking , walking towards his home , the place he always felt at ease in . "
The hell with it !
If the demolition crew camp in front of my place again tomorrow , I 'll just show them the form ...
" he said , taking a pill . "
But then again , what good is a useless piece of paper ? " he panicked , putting the box on the night stand . He did n't even understand the passing of time !
All was lost to dear Mike and he wandered the house anxiously .
Until he had calmed down enough to go feed his dog , his one best friend , the dog he and his fiance ' bought before it broke off .
Before the death of his dearest Mona .
He was doing well , despite his sad life .
He fed on the frozen lasagna his mom had sent him a few days earlier .
He exercised and went for short jogs in between workouts .
His anxiety caught up to him every now and then , but the good doctor had prescribed him a good remedy !
Lost in his thoughts and unaware of what was going on around him , he heated the plastic bag filled with leftover food for Baxter .
Suddenly , Michael heard a thud from his upstairs bedroom , he Called Baxter and took a bat with him upstairs .
Michael closed the door , saw his dog gasping for air , and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
But does this mean that the whole of your life becomes public ?
Whether they like it or not , right from the beginning , all you do becomes attractive for the mob : what you eat , where you go , who you date to , your possible marriage , your holidays , etc .
I mean by this that , for sure , there are some days in which these famous people are in a bit of a mood , they have to visit the doctor , or they have to solve mishaps with lawyers , and they have stuck those journalist following them till the door or awaiting them stationed in front of their houses .
The map shows changes that have taken place in the town of Eastminster since 1999 .
Parks in the north - east and south - east have been reduced to make way for larger housing estates , the one in the north dramatically increasing accommodation in Eastminister .
As well as woodland in the north - west being remodelled into an adventure park , a hotel and golf course have replaced a historic house and gardens in the centre of the town .
south of the river , an industrial area has been constructed next to the existing railway , while residential streets have been converted into more modern apartment blocks .
With increasing housing has come a bigger hospital and more shopping facilities , the existing shops being built on the site of the old school , with a new school opening on the north bank of the river .
Thanks for sharing !
I really enjoyed reading your blog about shadowing students .
I like the way you gave examples of how you felt and how you would change your own lessons .
I live in the Netherlands and at our school it 's the same .
Our pupils have to sit for many hours a day , and they find it hard to sit still and to be silent .
I also think that a lesson went well if they did n't talk and did their work .
Your key takeaway # 3 was shocking for me , the feeling of being a nuisance is dreadful .
In my opinion , I am very patient and willing to explain difficult topics over and over again .
I really hope my students feel the same , otherwise I have to change my attitude ! I get paid for being a teacher and ,
as I see it , it is my job to clarify things and help my pupils to understand .
I am going to look at my lessons again to see if I can change those lessons and try to make my pupils active .
For example , my pupils had to learn the difference between this and that and I let them make a short film about pointing at things in school saying : this door , that window , this is my teacher , that is a chair .
However , I find it difficult to use activities every lesson because they are time - consuming .
I do n't see them doing activities , it looks as if they are just doing their lessons and want to use a book and that is it .
For instance , when I hear that another English teacher finished Unit 5 and I am still at Unit 4 , I feel incompetently .
It gives me the feeling that the most important part of teaching is doing all the exercises in the book and getting all the work done .
In other words , how can we convince school board and colleagues that it is better for pupils to learn in an active way ?
Maybe the only one she 'll ever have .
Her mom would probably want her to start to live no matter what .
She felt butterflies in her stomach .
She slowly started to smile .
The sad music that was playing in her earphones made her feel even more confident .
She passed next to the bar where her boyfriend was getting high with some , unknown to her , boys .
She wanted to stop him .
She really did .
As he did when she was hurt .
He made her feel bad , so why would she do n't do the same ?
He did n't realize that she was going to leave him for ever .
He never deserved her .
She was a good person and he was an asshole .
She took the bus and went to the office .
The director was waiting for her .
And she was ready .
Ready to work .
Ready to live .
Michael knew he was fading away , ever consumed by a feeling of apathy .
He hardly knew who he was anymore .
Thinking about it relieved him , made him feel excited about the unknown , the unexpected , maybe all the questions ever asked , maybe , finally , they would be answered .
Had he seen it all ?
A tear started running down his face as he looked at the clouds .
The door was wide open , inviting him to take the offer .
He leaned over and grabbed the object .
He placed a hook over the door , tied the object to it and , standing on a chair , put the object around his neck .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The members of my family are my best friends
Family is any group of people closely related by blood .
This is an easy word to understand , but it hides more than the defination says .
Behind this word I see my brother , parents and grandparents and feel very warm feelings .
I think the most important things in the family are love and support .
For example , my parents hug me every day .
Also , they always support me , no matter what I do or think .
The second important thing is that I can always count on my family .
They are always ready to help me , they never let me down .
The third very important thing is trust .
And I like to trust my thoughts and secrets to them , because I know that my family is loyal to me , and their mouths are closed .
To sum up , I can say that the members of my family are my best friends .
Nowadays , our environment is really affected by the great deal of progress that technology has made in the last century .
But , is nuclear power good for us ?
Let 's begin by considering the arguments in favour .
Huge amounts of energy are generated by nuclear reactors .
Moreover , they only need a small quantity of fuel to be produced .
They wo n't last forever and this will increase the use of nuclear energy .
Just look at oil , nature takes millions of years to form it and we have almost ended it up .
Let 's turn to the arguments against .
Nuclear power plants have a high risk of pollution in case of an accident .
In addition , they produce nuclear waste , which is a major problem for the environment and public health .
MUx / Px must equal MUy / Py .
Following the tradition of economic reasoning , more is better .
She may be right about that treadmill because there is a cycle in which consumption results from work which necessitates further consumption , but theory would indicate that this is a positive , self - perpetuating cycle , because increased consumption yields increased utility , therefore maximizing utility .
The book says that the rule to follow is to vary consumption until the marginal utility for every dollar for one thing that you are consuming is the same as the marginal utility for every dollar for another thing that you are consuming .
For goods , the marginal utility may start to be less than it was before after a while , and then we are advised to switch our buying to other goods .
Ms. Luhr needs to find the goods which work for her .
Then she would n't be talking about the negative aspects of work because it is work which allows her to consume and maximize her utility .
Her utils are at their highest the more she consumes .
In my view , Ms. Luhr is succumbing to her emotions rather than her logic , because everyone knows that increased work yields increased wealth and increased utility , and this is the ultimate goal of a rational person who is acting selfishly , which is how economists think people act .
If Ms. Luhr were truly being selfish and self - interested , she would obtain greater satisfaction from greater consumption , but her statement is defying this tenet of rationality which is so important to economic reasoning .
She does n't want more .
She must be irrational .
To : whom it may concern
This reference is for Tom Black , who is applying for the position of social activities officer at your English Language College .
At that time , he was heading the Public Relations Division and he was in charge of a team of 6 people .
He is a team player and has been appreciated not only by his team but also by all the people he has dealt with .
Furthermore , he is very friendly and gets on well with everyone .
He has very good knowledge of Spanish , improved by taking several Spanish courses and stays abroad .
Should you need further information , do not hesitate to call me .
Best regards ,
Dear Mr Beltonov ,
I believe I possess enough professional expertise to do the job successfully .
I am extremely interested in the prosperity of your company and the distribution of your goods all over the world .
Since then , I have undertaken further practical training in advertising and marketing communications at Moscow International Higher Business School(MIRBIS ) .
In addition to my skills as a PR - manager , I have extensive experience of marketing and office management .
From 2008 to 2011 I was employed as a PR - manager at Limited Liability Company " Creatic "- agency on development of creative advertising .
This work entailed managing all processes and procedures to ensure quality output of all materials , campaigns , programs and quality brand representation through all web , digital and offline media .
I had 5 years of experience of managing , PR / marketing communications for leading brand nzmed companies:"Barbie","The Children 's World","My Toys".In these companies I was engaged in the advertising of toys .
I tried to understand which toys children liked most of all .
Relying on children 's tastes and interests , I untwisted the firm 's brand through advertising .
I took part in many international marketing products about how to create advertising correctly .
As children liked soft toys , I sewed teddy bears .
It taught me how to advertise your own product , to know more about children 's interests .
Moreover , I love children , that is why I am a kind and friendly person .
I am creative and convincing and I can easily communicate with other people .
I am a native speaker of Russian and I am fluent in English as well as Russian .
Speaking different languages helps me to communicate with people in any country without problems .
I am available for interview at any time in the next two weeks .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Laura Alexeyeva
Dear Mr. Smith ,
I work as an accountant in a company in Milan , but I would like to have more opportunities and I think improving my English is really important to be more competitive at work .
I 've been learning English for four years and my level is " upper intermediate " , but I think I lack confidence in speaking and I should be more natural .
I would be interested in attending a course for one month , possibly in August .
In this way , I would have the chance to spend my holidays in your enjoyable country and at the same time study .
I 'm a sociable person , so I would n't have any problem in a group , provided that there are n't any Italians , because in that period I would n't like to talk in my mother tongue at all !
I 'm keen on cultural activities such as theatre or cinema .
I 'm not a really athletic person , but sometimes I enjoy playing volleyball or running .
I thank you in advance and I 'm looking forward to reading your proposal .
Kind regards .
Roberta
Feurer 's campaign for Kenzo was one of the most popular and it defined him as a successful photographer .
Hans Feurer was born in Switzerland in 1939 .
After studying art in Switzerland , he worked as a graphic designer , illustrator and artistic director in London .
Traces of his previous career are evident throughout his work in his careful compositions and precise styling .
In 1966 , Hans Feurer travelled to Africa , during which trip he decided to become a photographer .
He returned to London and began to compile a portfolio .
In 1967 , Feurer 's career went up like a rocket .
At the same time , he worked for the Pirelli calendar in 1974 he also featured shots that appeared in Elle , Vogue , Numero , etc .
More than 30 years ago , in the remote deserts of North America , Hans Feurer was given free to photograph Kenzo Takedo 's 1983 advertising campaign .
The career of a Somali - American fashion model , Iman , also began after this pioneering shooting .
These images became the subject of Feurer 's eponymos book , lavishly illustrated with 175 photographs , illustrating his five - decade - long career .
The book includes Feurer 's photographs for the 1974 Pirelli calendar , for Kodak and for fashion magazines such as Vogue Italia , Elle France and Nova .
Obviously , the weight is the resistance , which will help the individual to gain strength and mass .
Every time I go to the gym , I feel like I have to breaking my limits and replace them with the feeling of success .
Success makes me keep going .
The best advice I can give for a newbie is to do not go to the gym at all without knowledge .
Every wrongly executed rep will take you closer to an injury .
Take your time and make a plan .
The two competition lifts in order are the snatch and the clean and jerk .
Bodyweight categories are different for women and men .
A lifter who fails to complete at least one successful snatch and one successful clean and jerk also fails to total , and therefore receives an " incomplete " entry for the competition .
The clean and press was once a competition lift , but was discontinued due to difficulties in judging proper form .
Dickens and the Bronte sisters wrote in very different ways .
Dickens 's style is full of sentimental realism : he describes reality with a sentimental tone and he mixes comedy and pathos .
In contrast with Dickens , the Bronte sisters deal with love and psychologically complex women as protagonists .
NEW FACILITIES
Generally speaking , our school is well equipped .
Secondly , we are in need of a conference room .
This will be useful to practise both speaking and listening skills .
Finally , it is also recommended to update the books in the library : most of them are quite old and outdated .
ACCOMMODATION
One surprising outcome from the survey was that students do not feel comfortable enough in the residential building .
This is a great problem during the winter : almost every student has suffered from illnesses during that time of the year .
CONCLUSION
In case you need further information regarding any of these issues , please contact us and I will be glad to respond to you as soon as possible .
Dear John
I 've read your letter and let me tell you that I 'm really sorry that things are not going well lately , especially because I know how much you enjoy sports and your music classes .
But let me tell you this , you 're an amazing person and I totally think that you can handle this and even more .
Organization is the key .
However , if you are still very stressed , then you might drop one of them , I certainly do n't know which one you should drop , I think I would drop the music lessons , because sports are good for your physical and mental health , and also help you to be fit and it 's more interesting for me ; but maybe a list with the pros and cons of sports and music lessons can help you .
Start by asking yourself Which one do you like the most ?
Which one do you enjoy more ?
You should totally do the list and then when you finish it , you can send it back to me , and we can discuss it .
You know I 'm always here to support you and your decisions .
But tell me , what else has been going on with you ?
How 's school going ?
You did n't mention anything about your best mate this time , and you two guys always have a lot of stories to tell .
I hope you can talk about it in your next letter , I really have a blast with your stories .
Oh , and please give your mother a huge hug from me .
Yours sincerely
Dana
Environmental problems today are more worrisome , if we do not do something for our planet , in a few years we will suffer the consequences .
Enough talk , it is time to make a decision : do we want a better world , or , do we want to see it destroyed in a few years .
We still have time .
Simple things like recycling garbage , walking short distances instead of using cars , not throwing garbage on the streets or into the oceans , can mean a considerable change , because if we add the small efforts of each of us , the results are translated into millions of people .
I recommend implementing a campaign called " No more blah blah blah , it 's time to save the world " , we may not have super powers and not be " Superman , Ironman , Captain America , Batman , etc . " and we ca n't save the planet from intergalactic threat , but unlike them , all together , we can save the planet from an even greater threat , its total destruction due to pollution and environmental problems that we ourselves have caused .
Just as we have the courage to provoke , we have to have the courage to do something to fix them , let us become that super hero that changed the world and made a change for future generations to have a healthy environment to live in .
Just think about your future and in your family , and when you see rubbish lying in the street , remember that you can become the superhero that will someday be satisfied because he did something to save the planet .
It 's time to bring out the superhero we have inside ; good luck !
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to suggest ways which will contribute to increasing the number of foreign learners in the school and to make recommendations for future improvements .
Town 's entertainment
Although my town is not an enormous industrial center , people are fascinated by the leisure activities provided here .
The variety of cafes and clubs would appeal to a great number of foreigners owing to the fast service and the proper attitude to clients .
They would also enjoy our museums and galleries , which can bring them closer to our history and traditions .
New teaching approaches
Array of facilities
Dissatisfaction with the school equipment is occasionally expressed by the students .
Recommendations
I would recommend implementing all the suggestions listed above because these improvements will increase the number of foreign students , making their accommodation in the town more pleasant .
Hi Katie ,
Thanks for writing !
It was lovely to hear from you .
How are you doing ?
I hope you are well .
You asked me for advice and I think I can help you .
Firstly , how much money would you like to spend ?
Have you thought about learning English on the internet ?
It might be a great idea because most of them are free .
They might not be a good idea .
She gives classes from 8 o ' clock in the morning until 7 o ' clock in the evening .
Write and tell me how you are getting on .
Hope to hear from you soon ,
Reyes
However much Roman law , Mosaic law , and rabbinical law impacted the lives of Jews living in first - century Israel , many people who followed the religion of Israel lived outside of Palestine and beyond the borders of the Roman Empire .
Thus , many of these laws would not have played a big role in their lives .
At the same time , however , anyone professing to be a follower of the God of Israel would have adhered to the Ten Commandments .
The Ten Commandments provide Israel with the moral framework for maintaining it .
.
Israel obedience to commandments was not a matter of submission to the divine will as much as it was a response to love .
La Terrazza " is the classic Neapolitan restaurant , that makes pizza and all the Neapolitan specialties , as all the type of fried ? .
The pizza has a really soft base , a lot of tomato sauce and fresh leaves of basil .
The owner , Patrizio , is really nice and you can often find him out of the restaurant talking to some guest .
Obviously , everyone loves pizza , so it 's the perfect place .
Some experts say that public transportation is a crucial part of the solution to the developed nations ' economic , energy , and environmental challenges , helping to bring a better quality of life .
In increasing numbers , people are using public transportation and local communities are expanding public transport services .
Every segment of society - individuals , families , communities , and businesses - benefits from public transportation .
Many of us live in a hurry .
It 's for that we need to improve our mobility skills and private transport , such as a car , allows us to achieve more efficiently our goals .
Public transport has its advantages : we can say that a lower cost , less pollution and more free time and rest for doing anything else during the trip could be public transport 's main positive points .
But , on the other hand , travelling by car gives us more comfort and saves time , and it offers a wider range of choices of departure points and routes .
Every day , the science and the industry are developing new materials , technologies and clean energy sources .
Lost for Words ?
Have you been studying English for years , but still ca n't say a word ?
Do you suddenly lose confidence when you have to speak to someone ?
I had the same problems , but I 've managed to find some ways to overcome them .
First of all , adopting a positive attitude is essential .
You should never be afraid of making a mistake or worry that people will laugh at you .
Most people listen for the meaning of what you are trying to say , and do not notice your mistakes .
Secondly , you should try to get as much speaking practice as possible .
In class , answer as many questions as possible , and try to participate in class discussions .
You might make some good friends in this way .
My problem has always been vocabulary .
I hope that you will find my suggestions useful .
Do n't waste any more time !
Get speaking English now !
This is a very common argument : the true genius stands out so much that it can not be misunderstood , so if he is not recognized , then he is not a genius .
But this is faulty reasoning : it accept the idea that a genius is always recognized on the basis that , in history , geniuses have always been recognized - which is not true , or at least , is not demonstrable .
They take for granted that , historically , geniuses have always been recognized , but in reality they are only talking about geniuses that , in fact , have been recognized .
They know nothing of those who have not been recognized and that may have been completely erased from history , and therefore , can not be used as an opposite example .
To sum up , because the geniuses that we have decided to recognize as such have been recognized , they argue that all the geniuses are always recognized : pure self - referential nonsense .
In the 19th century , for some , such as Cesare Lombroso , geniality resembles mental illness .
For Lombroso , exceptional people are independent , away from the banality of life , isolated , impatient , asocial , often considered crazy .
The time in the university is the most important time in our lives , because , we learn a lot of things and it prepares us for our future career .
In my opinion , classes with discussion are better .
This will enrich your personality .
For instance , a year back , I was in north Texas university in the USA , there was a health management and policy class with almost no lecture but with a lot of time for open discussions .
In the beginning , I thought this was a disadvantage but this was not true .
On one day , we spoke about medical treatment cost in different country and one of my friend , Wole , was from Nigeria .
As a result , we all know what needs to be done so that we can make little changes in the reform to lessen the cost of the treatment .
It is evident that independent speaking and thinking skills are valuable for your career .
For instance , I was really afraid of speaking in front of many people .
However , this health management and policy class with open discussion was helpful for me insofar as I learned how to speak in front of others .
In order to get good grades , we are forced to participate in discussion .
As a result , I overcome my anxiety and started speaking in front of those students and I found its not as difficult as I expected .
All in all , though some may oppose my opinion , it is clear that classes with open discussion and almost no lecture are preferable because interaction with other student will broaden your mind and you become a better speaker and thinker .
That is why every university should offer such classes .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
with reference to your job announcement , I am submitting my application for the vacancy at Green Pepper Cafe .
Being a student of economics in this town ( expecting to graduate next year ) , I am currently searching for a job at weekends .
Your job description sounds to be a good fit for my search , since I am well experienced in serving guests and have a good knowledge of various kinds of foods .
Last summer I worked at the Hilton Hotel for six weeks .
Please find my CV and reference letters attached .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
I look forward to your positive response .
Yours sincerely ,
Petra
Dear Alex ,
I 've been waiting for your e - mail for two days !
Are you serious about the new activity center ?
Well , all your suggestions sound good to me , however , I would probably choose climbing because not only is it an extreme sport , but it is also an exciting activity I would like to try .
Do you agree with me ?
If you prefer to do other things instead of this , please just tell me !
They 're awesome !
See you on Saturday .
Love ,
Diana
Tom woke up as a beam of sunlight slanted through a crack in the wall of the old cabin .
Everybody was there : the Smiths , with their three broad - shouldered sons ; the Newtons , who even brought some of their stallions to help us remove the earth and the stones ; and the slim guy who lived in the farm in the northern hills of the valley and whose name nobody knew .
Then , they worked a bit more .
Finally , Tom could hear Matthew shouting from the other side of the field .
They decided to stop until the next day , as the dig was almost finished .
He gazed at it , a bit worried about the possibility of more raining during the night , but proud of having put the farm in shelter .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Parents , in some cases , are mentors to children .
However , considering the complexity of the society , I believe it is better to learn in schools rather than from parents .
Nevertheless , the skills are not diverse enough for children to deal with specific problems when living in a complex society .
For example , one of my senior high school 's classmate had encountered a communication problem involved in the other 's family .
As a consequence , they have never talk to each other since then .
If Have we not lived and learned the skills in a group , especially in school , we will not be skilled before entering the society .
The society as a whole is a place where both competition and cooperation take turn to continuously influence every member .
If we only live in our original family , parents will probably forgive us when we make mistakes .
In contrast , living in a society is another story : people might blame , compete , or even hurt others , no matter who you are .
Learning in schools , however , provides a valuable opportunity for children to learn not only from teachers , but also from relationships between peers , and as a result , proves the way for being independent in the future .
In a nutshell , there is a great deal of knowledge that needs to be gained for children in order to live in a society .
The best sport in the world .
Have you ever tried unsuccessfully more than 5 sports in only one month ?
I have .
Although it 's true that I do n't actually love sports , once I found golf , it totally engaged me !
The only disadvantage I could find is that golf is n't such a cheap sport to do , as it requires a lot of expense and also a good mental and psychological health , which is the first thing I recommend you to work on if you want to enjoy golf from the beginning .
However , as long as you can afford it and you 're provided with patience and enthusiasm , you should n't miss the opportunity to play this amazing sport .
I totally encourage you to try it at least once and I 'm sure you will desire to repeat it !
Sometimes it seems to me that there is an ocean outside .
However , at the last moment , you understand that the ocean is there , in eternally beloved Spain .
Long before our journey I knew that I would love this country , I would fall in love with the ocean and sea once and for all .
I had been adoring the sea and dreaming about it when I had never seen it before , never heard it before , but definitely felt it not by my skin but with my heart .
We spent ten days on the Atlantic seaboard , in a small town - Cádiz .
The wind is often strong and cold , and it blows off hats and tousles the hair in such a way that it ca n't be combed any more .
Also , I remember the sweat perfume of Spaniards ( and Spain itself ) , spreading through the streets of the old town and mixing with the smell of fried fish that is ready to be served in numerous bars , cafes and restaurants .
I remember the warmth of twilight , wnich lures you to the heart of this town .
All these memories are always with me , and to go through them again I do n't even need to close my eyes , everything in my mind and heart is too vivid to forget .
Today I am writing about learning another language .
It could seem something very useful , with no drawbacks , but each coin has a head and a tail .
Learning another language is a wonderful way of learning about another country .
Check the languages you know and compare them to the people from those countries .
That 's an incredible opportunity .
You need to change the way you organize your thoughts in order to master it .
On the one hand , the old one could be hard - wired into your brain .
On the other hand , the new language needs an additional effort .
In summary , learning a language is something beautiful , useful and entertaining .
It can be hard and it has its downsides .
But , as a learner of my third language , I am a firm believer that it is the right choice .
Monroe Training Solutions
87 , Southend Close
Norfolk AB51 8JK
Email:8jkWE2h@gmail.com
Skype : MTS Joanna Little
www.monroetraining.com
26 January 2012
Victoria Rosie Skye
Department of Economics
Vancouver Business School
1239 Adelaide Road
Vancouver
BC Canada YNJ 3Q3
Dear Ms. Victoria Rosie :
We are delighted to inform you that the charity dinner was a success .
We raised a € 44,500.00 and we are really grateful for your attendance at our event .
We will us the money for build another educational building , and we are going to invest in the program that we did the last year .
We are really happy to inform you that we are going to organize some events in the next three months and we would like to invite you as a public figure to discuss more details about the campaign .
Best Regards ,
Joanna Little
Director of Monroe Solutions
Is change always good ?
Change is always good .
But sometimes the pace of change , the direction of change or the consequences of change can make it no good at all .
Life implies change .
To stop the change is impossible . That would be against Nature and against ourselves .
Every human action provokes a reaction .
Every step marks a footprint in the ground .
The smallest work changes the environment .
Any decision changes the future .
Life is change .
But this change has a rhythm and it is better to respect it .
Everything that does n't grow is dead , and death is the opposite of life .
Think of the Olympic Champion Nadia Comaneci , artificially stopped in her physical development to preserve her graceful childish body .
Equally cruel , it is , in my opinion , to accelerate the pace of growth by forcing .children to work like adults or by inducing little girls to dress and behave as femmes fatales in video - clips or on magazine covers .
But at the same time , we are working against Nature - let 's think of pollution and climate change - and against our own human nature : distress , allergies , strokes and heart attacks are nowadays more and more frequent .
I think we should readjust the rhythm of change in order to be able to reinterpret , in a positive sense , Lampedusa words " everything must change so that everything can stay the same " .
It helps to cope with stressful situations .
While shopping , you are doing what you like and enjoy .
But some people can get annoyed by this kind of activity . They may be irritated by loud music in the shopping areas , long queues at the cash desk , and crowds of customers everywhere .
Some people can be called shopaholics , as they ca n't live without new clothes and furniture .
I do n't belong to any of these groups , because I am not addicted to shopping , but I do love the process of choosing clothes , shoes and accessories . I hate going shopping with my father as he is always advising me to buy stupid stuff .
However , I find shopping with my mother pleasant and easy , as we have the same interests and tastes .
She helps me to make the right choice and never looks at the prices .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I would appreciate it if you could send me the necessary applications forms and associated information relating to the assessment .
I graduated from the University with a specialisation in Fiber - optic Transmission Systems .
However , now I am working and planning to continue working as a Software Engineer ( 261313 ) .
Also , may I have information on which version of the IELTS exam should I take , the Academic or the General Version ?
Yours faithfully ,
Alex Yegerov
The European Union is created and is meant to be an organization that helps all of its members to develop economically and socially while contributing to the common good of the whole union itself .
Migration is a factor all countries must consider in order to move forward .
All current 27 nations must work both individually and together for the best conditions of immigrants .
There should be a working network for providing suitable jobs and standard of living to those , of course , who are looking to work and contribute to society , and do not simply expect to lay on the back of a more economically developed countries .
Many non - EU citizens live and work in Europe , but for this to be successful they have to be able to integrate into their receiving society .
They should be able to enjoy the same rights and responsibilities as EU citizens .
Europe needs bright young people with an urge , with a wish to be productive , to create a better future for themselves and for their children .
Migration brings all the cultural wealth and diversity in Europe and integration is an expression of civic cohesion , contributing to political stability .
First priest to realize that church wine is not real blood .
" The taste of my blood was completely different from the Sacred Blood " .
At that time , the Order sent to the Vatican an urgent message and called the press for making the announcement of the discovery .
At this press conference , Inocencio assured that next year he will try to prove if pigeons truly represent the Holy Spirit .
Hello , Alison !
What can I say ?
Usually my eating habits are similar to the most Portuguese ; I have my breakfast between around 7.30 and 8.00 , I eat bread with cheese or jam and I drink a large glass of milk with cereals .
At lunch , many people eat a lot ! I start with a small soup and then I have the main dish and the desert .
If I have some time before 14.00 , I love to have a coffee with friends - in Portugal everyone drinks an espresso !
In the afternoon , I eat some cookies .
Finally , I have dinner with my family - always at 20.00 !
We eat a light meal and fruit .
What is my favourite Portuguese meal ?
But the most famous dish uses cod .
Good luck ! Best wishes !
Andreia
He had a long day ahead of him .
Tom was the kind of person that is always there for his friends .
He was always doing things for them or for anyone who asked him .
He lived in Toronto , which is a cold city , but which is even colder at 5 am , the time when Tom 's day began .
Tom had a series of things he had to do for his friend Rob before 2 pm and had to start as fast as he could .
As a concecuence , he had no money to pay for a sod , so he was thirsty all morning .
But the plane had a delay of 20 minutes .
Tom was getting really anxious , worryng that he would never make it back to his job . At 2 pm , the flight arrived .
Tom drove back to town and then walked really fast to his work .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Welcome to Russia !
Everybody visiting this country would like to see the most important sights , and I might be helpful there .
How about Red Square ?
Then , this is the spot where all - nation celebrations take place , like civil and military parades or seeing the New Year in !
The amazing Saint Basil 's Cathedral is located nearby .
If you visit my country one day , I will certainly be pleased to show you Red Square and everything I 've told you about .
I am proud of my country !
What is cultural literacy ?
I was researching some definitions of cultural literacy .
Cultural literacy is the ability to understand and participate fluently in a given culture .
In order to be culturally literate , you need to be familiar with all manner of things , from Waterloo , Hamlet and " Call me Ishmael , " to the Wife of Bath , the Magna Carta , Tutankhamen , the Pythagorean Theorem and 1066 .
A literate reader knows the object - language 's alphabet , grammar , and a sufficient set of vocabulary ; a culturally literate person knows a given culture 's signs and symbols , including its language , particular dialectic , stories , entertainment , idioms , idiosyncrasies , and so on .
The culturally literate person is able to talk to and understand others of that culture with fluency , while the culturally illiterate person fails to understand culturally - conditioned allusions , references to past events , idiomatic expressions , jokes , names , places , etc .
According to UNESCO , literacy is at the heart of basic education for all and that creating literate environments and societies is essential for achieving the goals of eradicating poverty , reducing child mortality , curbing population growth , achieving gender equality and achieve sustainable development , peace and democracy .
My personal opinion is that cultural literacy is the way to understand , learn and know about other cultures .
Also , you can be understood by other cultures .
It has been shown that they get along better with their siblings than their parents .
I share this opinion with the revolutionary ones .
I get along with my siblings very well , but we do not see each other very much .
As a result , we often communicate and we do not exchange opinions as much as other families do . I do not consider them to be my best friends because I can not speak with them as freely as with my friends .
Not to mention that when I am trying to talk to them , they always space out and then say that they have their own problems .
That really gets on my nerves .
I think it is fair to say basketball is one of the most popular sports on the planet , both in the number of viewers and the number of players .
There is probably an array of motives to explain such a phenomenon , but for me , that happens for one particular reason ; the shot clock .
A corious fact is that , out of the five most popular sports in the world , only basketball keeps track of possession time and to me that 's exactly what sets him apart from the others .
The bottom line is ; a fast - paced game is a much more exciting experince for players and viewers as opposed to a slow paced one and that makes the " shot clock " fundamental to the dynamics of the game .
Practice is the one thing that can increase the probability of desireable results and awareness is what gives you the ability to adapt to different situations , and the combination of the two is the only way to success , so if you want to be a good player , you need to put your energy and focus on practice and stay alert and surveing the court at all times so you can be aware of what is happening around you .
One of the reasons for the worsening of the health of young people is the increasing use of cars .
Nowadays , parents take their children everywhere by car , whereas they would have to go everywhere by bike or by foot twenty years ago .
This is a result of the decreasing price of cars due to innovation in the car industry , which enabled more and more people to buy a car ( and use it ) .
Most of these , in fact , have very predictable plots , are full of cliches and , since it 's so easy to figure out how they will end , they are usually very boring .
This is why I was very surprised when I came out of the theater after seeing " Looper " and thought , " Hey , I just saw a thriller with Bruce Willis in it , and it was actually a really good one ! "
The story is set in the future , about thirty years from now , when time travel had been invented but was used only by criminal organizations who sent those they want killed in the past , where a professional killer , a looper , was waiting for them and for the silver strapped to their body .
The main character is Joe , a looper who has to face an older version of himself sent back in time to be killed .
By letting his older self go , Joe changes his past , and therefore his future , leading to a series of unexpected events , and to an even more unexpected ending !
My expectations were not very high , but I have to say the movie was surprisingly good , in fact , it was not boring at all , and had a few big twists which took me completely by surprise .
We 've reached a point where this training starts at an early age in the form of extracurricular activities , such as music classes , learning languages and playing sports .
The inherent tendency to provide the best to our offspring catalyze parents to invest in their kids so as to prepare them for an unpredictable future .
The haste that results from this process does n't allow parents to think over some potentially harmful myths that they take for reality , regardless of the fact that it may compromise their kid 's motivation and self - confidence , all because of their " is talent innate or can it be acquired ? " .
This assertion may boost the confidence of parents whose children show a remarkable ability in the early infancy , as though this capability could be the celestial sign that their toddler is gifted or going to grow up as child prodigy .
One of the most common examples is Beethoven , known for composing high - quality piano pieces as a young child .
Any one who challenges the aforementioned common - sense is n't immediately drawn to embrace and believe the less common , but still popular and not scientific , concurrent idea .
Many do believe that a talent can be taught , although not so easily .
This amount of time does n't fit normal workers ' and students ' tight schedules and busy daily lives , therefore being labeled as unpractical and unachievable .
The main problem of having these two perspectives on talent is that both of them are basically negative .
Clearly , both rely on the common beliefs to be sustained .
This research project will provide us with a better understanding and insights into this area through the EM trainees ' narratives and experiences of clinical reasoning development in ED and add to the scientific discourse in clinical reasoning .
As discussed , clinical reasoning is still poorly understood and a variety of ways of articulating and conceptualizing clinical reasoning can provide richer means of understanding what is involved in clinical encounters ( Loftus , 2012 ) .
Dear John ,
I live in Italy and you should know that food is very important for us !
In the morning , we 're not used to eating salty food like salami , eggs or cheese .
Working people usually have lunch at about 13.00 and they have something simple such a pasta or a sandwich and a coffee because the break is short and they have to go back to work and need to be concentrate and do n't get asleep !
During the day Italian people drink a lot of coffee and everyone has a coffee maker at home !
Young people do not drink coffee : they prefer to drink Coke while eating junk food , which is cheaper and tastier than pastasciutta .
The time for dinner is not the same in all parts .
In northern Italy people eat at about 19 , whereas in southern Italy they eat at about 21 . I get home late and I have no time to cook elaborate meals so I usually cook a steak with vegetables .
Sometimes I give myself a slice of homemade cake .
Italian eat also a lot of fruits like apples , oranges and other fruit of the season .
On Saturdays or Sundays we do n't have to work , so we have time to cook and we prepare typical Italian food with two or more courses .
I really like the lasagna , made with a flat and long pasta with bechamel , tomatoes and meat and I love the pasta Amatriciana made with spaghetti , fresh tomatoes , bacon and a typical Roman cheese called pecorino .
Another typical dish from the northern Italy ( it comes from the mountains ) is pizzoccheri which is a wheat pasta topped with cabbages , butter and typical cheese .
Every region has a typical food and a typical cheese .
I once read that in Italy we produce 450 different cheeses and I do n't think a foreigner would try them all !
I 'm talking about Gorgonzola cheese , which tastes really strong and is n't very nice because it has a blue mould inside .
I remember having tasted the " casu marzu " , a typical Sardinian cheese which has some little worm inside !
However , eating is for us a tradition that puts the families together and recipes are handed down from generation to generation .
I hope I 've helped you !
Best wishes ,
Roberta Trentino
What happened to me is not the reason for my mood but I 'm sure it contributed .
My first night here , I was invited to a dinner mainly for scientists who are up here doing a radio show .
He does n't think about things that I , a mere mortal , does , like whether or not there is food on my teeth , and death .
To me , he is greater than any rock star squared .
Dear Sirs ,
I would like to apply for the job you advertised last week because I am quite sure I would be perfectly suitable for the post .
First of all , let me introduce myself .
I am 30 years old .
I am an English teacher here in my country , Spain , and I have worked with children aged 5 - 14 for five years now , in different educational centres .
I guess that is why I am a bit a of workaholic .
I am a sociable and supportive person .
Now , in relation to the job tasks I would have to perform , I feel totally capable of doing all of them with enthusiasm and effectiveness .
I am an excellent cook .
Moreover , I will not have trouble taking care of children -I will be a great companion for them .
Students always love the activities I design for them .
They have so much fun !
Thus , I think I am the right person to work at any of your summer camps and I am sure you will be satisfied with my work .
Working there would be a great opportunity for me .
I could learn more about American culture and people .
I know I would benefit a lot from the experience .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Dear Sir/ Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the post of instructor at USA Summer Camps .
I am also a Spanish Red Cross camp leader , as I fancy all kinds of sports , such as swimming , sailing , kayaking , rock climbing , etc .
I also have a high level of spoken English because for 8 years I had been attending a summer camp in Scotland , where lately I was asked to carry on as an instructor .
As a result , I have some relevant experience for this job since I have been working for two years as summer camp instructor for a company in Scotland where I have been in charge of fifteen children aged eight years .
I would welcome the chance of being part of your company 's team , since it is a world - renowned firm and I am available to travel and change of residence .
If you require any further information , please contact me at + 34 622 22 22 22 or rTD6hJ@gmail.com .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Laura Smith .
Although educated people in the past had the same desire to learn as educated people today , those who were considered educated in the past would be considered less educated today .
Also , people today tend to get higher degrees than people in the past .
The great expansion of knowledge makes people more educated than before .
Today , people know more about phenomena that were considered obscure in the past .
For example , people today know more about space , genetics , and diseases .
That makes them more educated .
In addition , information about anything can be found easily on the Internet .
In the past , graduating from high school was considered an achievement ; today it 's not .
To be considered well educated , people should graduate from a college .
In conclusion , the average level of education in the past is n't enough today to be considered educated .
This winter , I may be able to travel to Cornwall , UK .
Going to the UK has been a dream of mine , but going to Cornwall , however , might be a little of an escapade during the winter , considering that I 'm only used to the relatively hot Egyptian weather .
I have read that Cornwall is usually flooded in winter , and that the weather might make transportation a pain .
However , I 'm interested in & excited about the journey because it will allow me to have a myriad of new experiences .
On the other hand , I hear people are generally convivial and the nature is beautiful in Cornwall .
I hope that my fortitude will help me during this short sojourn .
A historical place of importance in my country .
This is a forest , crossed by the border between France and Switzerland .
As it was full of spruces , it was easy to hide from the German patrols and people from both sides of the border helped Jewish people , spies and English , Canadian or American pilots to flee through Switzerland .
A net took place from the South of France to Switzerland , espescially to try to save thousands of Jewish children .
They did it freely .
But now , they have told the whole world about it , some of them are now considered as heroes in Insrael for what they did during these hard times .
Last month , a monument was erected in their memory so that nobody forgets what happened in that large forest where - as the people would say in that time - German soldiers can not guard all wood , unless they stood behind each spruce ....
Nowadays , public transport is a useful and convenient way of travelling , especially for students , people with a low socioeconomic status , or for everyone who wants to go to work or school by bus , train or by subway .
Cars are a good way of saving time , especially when waiting for public transport , mainly , buses .
On the other hand , cars are always there when you need them and you do n't have to depend on anything when you have a car .
I also think that there would be fewer people using public transport in the future , but some will still be available , because it wo n't be possible for everyone to afford to have a car or travelling by plane .
As in all educational processes , assessment of the programme planning must take place .
There are different ideas to be considered as far as assessment is concerned .
In the first place , we have to know why we evaluate .
After the assessment and evaluation we will be able to adjust the necessary pedagogic help to individual students , know up to which point the proposed aims have been achieved , and we will be able to judge the programme planning as a whole .
The teacher will understand the student 's difficulties better ; s / he will know the level of assimilation of the different kinds of contents and be able to modify future programme planning .
Secondly , we must be sure of what to assess and evaluate .
As to the students , we will have to consider the knowledge and skills they have acquired , their attitudes and their social behaviour .
Thirdly , we have to keep in mind the instruments for assessment and evaluation we are going to use .
For our programme planning , we propose the following instruments or techniques :
However , it has a special importance nowadays , in a world that moves so quickly .
The first thing that comes to mind on this subject is technology .
It has such a quick growth that it 's impossible to predict how much transformation it will suffer .
It should make a lot of tasks easier and more efficient but , apart from that , I do n't expect it to have a deep impact on our lives , considering other aspects that will certainly overcome this one .
That brings us to the second point : resources .
We have just started worrying about that , but the actions in course are far from enough .
The hard truth is that until somenoe has to face the situation himself , it 's quite difficult to restrain oneself from wasting energy , food , materials , water ...
But in the near future , most of us will have to deal with it and , therefore , be forced to make dramatic changes in our lives in order to survive .
This means borders are getting thinner and thinner , and cultures more and more similar .
As this may cause us to lose traditions and cultural identity , it will definitely bring more opportunities for everyone .
Dear Jo ,
It 's great to hear from you !
You have a lot of hotels to stay at if you want to be there more than a day and the people is really nice , or if you want , you can stay at my house , of course .
Secondly , You can find a job here in Montevideo or , if you like , in the countryside .
You could work in a public office , for example .
Finally , tell me if you want to go to a particular place or do some activity that you have in mind .
See you soon ,
Felipe
The pupils have been taught English since their very first meeting with the English language in school , so they are completely familiar in using English as a classroom language .
In this course design we have also chosen activities that we consider suitable to be taught about in English .
The only place where we could imagine a challenge in sticking to English as the classroom language is when the group works together .
The evaluation starts by unfolding the brain storm from day 1 , and then it continues by the pupils applying all their new words and knowledge about America .
The end of the evaluation is that every pupil writes a post - it note that answers the following questions : What have I learned from this course ?
What did I like most about this course ?
How could the course be improved ?
Hereby we both want the pupils to reflect on their learning and bring the teacher valuable information for the next time .
In this class , there are strong wishes about certain areas regarding America that the pupils want to learn : 10 pupils would like to learn about American High School Life , 4 pupils would like to learn about National Parks in America , 4 pupils would like to learn about Native Americans and 1 pupil would like to learn about the American Motor Industry .
Taking the importance of learner autonomy and the importance of the pupils'motivation into consideration , we have decided that they can follow their interests in this course .
Here you can find well - known brands as well as locally produced items .
For those interested in top fashion brands , I would recommend visiting the shops in the main street .
For those who are looking for cheap , but practical clothes , I will recommend you to go to one of the shopping malls of the capital .
Mass - market clothes , bags , cosmetics , children 's toys are represented there .
There are also supermarkets in each shopping mall , where you can buy food and beverages as well as housekeeping items .
If you are interested in local design , vintage clothes and remarkable souvenirs , go to the historical center of the city .
The main shopping mall of the city is under reconstruction at the moment , but in one year , it will be open for visitors and will surprise them with high - tech design and exclusive brands .
And if you try to find a good product for a reasonable price , visit the city 's outlet centre - collections of the previous years are sold there with significant discounts .
AIESEC has 64 years of experience in developing high - potential youth into globally - minded , responsible leaders .
Present in over 113 countries and territories and with over 86,000 members , AIESEC is the world 's largest youth - run organization .
Focused on providing a platform for youth leadership development , AIESEC offers young people the opportunity to participate in international internships , expe ...
Xem thêm
Mô tả
Present in over 113 countries and territories and with over 86,000 members , AIESEC is the world 's largest youth - run organisation .
Focused on providing a platform for youth leadership development , AIESEC offers young people the opportunity to be global citizens , to change the world , and to get experience and skills that matter today
Thông Tin Tổng Quát
What We Envision
Peace and fulfilment of humankind 's potential .
AIESEC 's Scope
AIESEC is a global , non - political , independent , not - for - profit organization run by students and recent graduates of institutions of higher education .
Our members are interested in world issues , leadership and management .
AIESEC does not discriminate on the basis of race , colour , gender , sexual orientation , creed , religion , national , ethnic or social origin .
AIESEC 's Approach
This involves leadership opportunities , international internships and interacting with a global network to support their development .
Why do people become homeless ?
One of the reasons is that they are poor because they can not get a job .
Those who become homeless usually do not know that there is a system to help poor people .
For example , if they do not have enough money that is needed to have a home and to buy things necessary to live , they can get a financial support by government .
However , those who do not know about it can not get such support .
Homeless people tend to be unable to collect information because of lack in means to do it .
We need to let them get information .
Skills are also needed to get a job .
I have seen a TV program about homeless people .
In the program , one homeless man quit his job because he could not have a good relationship in the office .
He tried several jobs but he could communicate well in none of them .
He was tired of himself , lost interest in working and became homeless .
He decided to join the class .
Sometimes the lesson was hard , but the staff there praised him when he did well .
He also learned to how to build a good relationship with people through talking to his fellows .
He finally wanted to find a job again .
If more lessons like this are provided and more homeless people get the skills , the problem of homelessness will become less serious .
To conclude , giving information about support that they can receive from the government , and skills is a very helpful way to solve homelessness in Japan .
At the moment , all governments around the world argue about climate change .
Now I will discuss both sides .
On the one hand , global warming is a result of many emitted toxic gases .
These are , for example , carbon dioxide and methane .
As we all know , trees store carbon dioxide .
So , we can say , with less deforestation there would be less global warming .
But what are the results of global warming ?
The primary outcome is the increasing temperature , and this leads to melting glaciers .
These glaciers are habitat for polar bears and many other arctic animals .
The melting glacier will bring a higher sea level .
That means coastal cities will be flooded .
On the other hand , deforestation is , as said , another part of global warming due to less carbon dioxide storing trees .
To sum up , both issues have enormous impacts on our world .
In both , animals and people are affected .
But , in my opinion , you can stop global warming by stopping deforestation first .
Then you can focus on global warming .
Michael and Cecilia had been married for 6 years .
But sometimes , Michael had a tendency to go too far with his words .
They had kept trying to have a baby for years , but despite their attempts , no child ever came .
Michael grew bitter .
He was torturing Cecilia with reproaches .
One night he went away slamming the door , still cursing while running down the stairs .
When he finally came back home , his wife was nowhere to be seen ... Michael rushed to the bedroom .
Going straight to the wardrobe , he opened its door .
It was empty ...
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Employers try to find employees that have practical skills rather than formal qualifications .
First of all , formal education is essential for employees , it is considered as a fundamental basis of any practical job .
Success in a job depends on the amount of theoretical knowledge that a person had in an academic institution .
In addition , every phenomenon is based on theory .
When employees face any problems or difficulties in work , it must be referred to the theory that explain this phenomenon , without knowing this theory , employees ca n't overcome these difficulties , for instance , engineering science seems practical , but each part of engineering science is based on theories .
Thereby , engineers must take demanding knowledge to be successful in a career .
A scientific approach is more important to deal with problems , beginning with determining problems and then studying all factors and related information .
Finally , knowledge could make an open - mined person who has the ability to deal with problems in a fairway .
To conclude , theoretical knowledge is more important than practical skills .
It is the main part that helps employees to be successful in their careers .
Some people are convinced that public transport has no future because the car is so much more convenient .
There is more than one way to look at this statement .
The use of public transport has a lot of advantages , but on the other hand , some disadvantages can be distinguished .
It depends on where and what kind of place you want to reach and it depends on the time of the day .
In this article both sides are discussed .
First , what are the advantages of using the bus , or train ?
IN that way it will take a lot of your time , while the bus or tramway have their own bus lanes , and hence are running smoothly .
In that case , the choice for public transport will be preferable .
Another problem might be the timetable .
If there is a bus or train available , it will stop at almost every village .
Most of these buses will make many stops , which makes it even more time - consuming .
In the end of the day , you should choose public transport or car according to the purpose of your trip .
And sometimes public transport is better and sometimes using the car is better .
Besides dispensing justice and dealing with judicial cases , the Jirga also covers all important aspects of the monetary , political , and communal life of tribal society .
However , in its present form , the tribal Jirga , especially in Sindh province , has generated heated debate about its legal position as well as conflict of its rules and codes with the constitution of Pakistan , law of the land or formal justice system as well as international human rights standards and conventions .
The strongest allegation on the Jirga system or ' informal justice system ' has been its unfairness against innocents during the course of decisions and execution on variety of its rules and regulations .
This informal system of justice is being practiced in rural areas of Sindh and Baluchistan .
In fact , the informal justice system is directly proportional to the Jirga that originally owns its roots to Baloch culture and had been transferred to Sindhi society progressively .
" Historically , the Jirga System dates back to the days of Naseer Khan of Kalat , Baluchistan .
He was the Khan of Kalat from 1741 to 1795 .
Naseer Khan was an able General , trained at the court of Ahmad Shah Abdali , the hero of the third battle of the famous Pani Pat . "
However , many countries have become more aware of the environmental issues each nation faces .
In my opinion , we need a more convenient life but also to maintain a certain balance .
This has led to a growing gap between the rich and the poor , while the environment is also getting worse and worse .
So , I think that the government must do something in this respect .
As part of the same planet , protecting the global environment is not only the task of the government , but also the task of each of us .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for one of the jobs in the summer camp that you advertised on the Internet .
I am in my final year of high school , which I will leave with a university entrance qualification in July of this year .
I am looking for a job in the USA to improve my English and to gain more experience working with children as I want to become a primary school teacher .
In addition , I have privately coached 5th and 6th grade pupils in Mathematics , English , German and French for the last 3 years .
The people I have worked for find me a reliable , communicative , well - organised and cheerful person .
I have been told that I am quite good with children .
My babysitting duties were to bring the children to bed , provide lunch or dinner , play with them and read to them .
With regard to the tutorials . I have put together my own exercise material , looked at and discussed class tests and helped the pupils with their homework .
Since I have worked twice as a group instructor at a local summer camp , I think that I am well - equipped to deal with 8 - 12 year old children from the experience I mentioned .
I hope you will invite me for a job interview , via Skype or in in person , and look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Tessa Foerster
I had never felt so nervous before in my life ... !
I will never forget this particular day .
It was a lovely day .
That is why my parents decided to go on a bike trip to the forest outside our city .
I had never been there before , so I thought - why not ?
We set off at 6 pm and reached our destination an hour later .
I started shouting , as my parents were out of sight , but nobody answered .
After a while , I started shaking - I was alone in a forest !
I tried to call my mother , but while I was typing her number on the keypad , the battery ran out of power ...
Luckily , it was quite warm , so there was one thing less to worry about .
I did not have to wait so long , though - after a while , I saw our car 's lights glowing in the darkness .
I felt relieved .
Next time I will be going on such a trip , I need to make sure that I have a fully - charged mobile with me .
Eindhovensebaan 32
4988 RI Sittard
2 September 2016
Recruitment
Meltwater News
Hartoghstraat 844
2771 YJ Amsterdam
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Your advertisement in the Guardian of 31 August attracted my attention , because I believe that I have the skills you are looking for .
Attached to this letter of application , you will find my curriculum vitae .
I recently completed the four - year bachelor degree in European Studies at Zuyd University in Maastricht .
I learned about corporate communication , about management , organization and communication and some basics of marketing , etc .
Also , I have studied French and Spanish and have participated in many group projects .
During the studies , I went abroad to the University of Paris , where I studied political sciences and international management .
After my studies , I did a master in cultural sciences at the University of Maastricht .
As a result of this training , I have excellent communication and analytical skills .
In this way , I have , to some extent , developed strategic thinking on individual client needs .
I know what clients want and know how to deal with that .
I am very interested in this post , since it offers an excellent opportunity to develop my career in international management .
If you have any further questions , I can be contacted on 00316 12 34 56 78 . I would welcome the opportunity of an interview to give you additional information on what I can contribute to Meltwater News .
Yours faithfully ,
Bo Hummel
Enclosure : CV
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in reply to your job advertisement that I saw some days ago and I think this would be the right opportunity for me .
In those places , I had the opportunity to communicate with other people from all over the world .
I studied in London for 1 month some years ago and I visited different places , such as Brighton or Liverpool , where I attended some short summer courses .
For these reasons , I think I would be a suitable person for this kind of jobs , I am very open - minded and I love to take care of children because of their beautiful way of thinking and see things in a very simple and natural way .
Cooking is one of the things I like the most and I am not frightened of hardworking , since I believe that if you want to improve , you have to apply yourself a lot .
I would be grateful if you could attend to this matter as soon as possible .
Regards ,
Flaminia Bruna Mancini
It was a rainy afternoon , and I had discovered the letter that ruined my life . I would never be the same again . I was at home looking out of the window , when the phone rang .
I could never have guessed what was about to happen .
While the phone was ringing , I felt shivers down my spine .
" Hello " I said , feeling like something was wrong , while the person on the other side kept talking .
And then I heard those three words : " He is dead . "
I rushed to his house , not believing what I had just been told .
I had never expected that . I had lost my best friend , and I could not do a thing about it .
From that moment on , my life changed forever .
There are no words to explain how much I miss him .
Crazy Grandma
Grandparents are the best .
I love my grandpa and grandma a lot .
Since grandpa passed away I have started loving my grandma even more .
Grandma is so sweet , but at the same time crazy as well .
She does amazing things .
I admire her very much .
That woman knows how to put a smile on a kid 's face .
Granny has grey straight hair , deep blue eyes and a tiny nose .
She also has a pale complexion and black dark circles under eyes .
That is why I avoid going to the bathroom at night .
Fear of seeing granny at night is stronger than anything else .
Nana talks in such a peaceful way .
My parents told me that grandma is a very sick person .
When I go to sleep she is constantly sitting beside me .
Nana gives me a feeling like I will get killed in my sleep .
Reality is killing me .
I love her but she scares the hell out of me .
While sleeping I can feel her rubbing my feet and touching my head .
It is a creepy feeling .
She does n't want to leave me .
I do n't know why .
Maybe she is afraid of dying alone .
I know she is ill .
I love my grandma .
She might be crazy , but I love her .
Feeling scared all the time will not stop me from loving her .
Understanding is the most important thing in this world .
We will never stop loving our grandparents !
My favourite TV show is " Pretty Little Liars " .
This show is about four girls , called Aria , Emily , Spencer and Hannah .
One night , they were sleeping in a barn and when Aria woke up , Spencer and Allison were gone !
From this day on , the girls drift apart .
Aria moves to Iceland and the other girls lose contact , and Allison is still missing .
When Aria comes home from Iceland , again , the girls get mysterious messages only signed with the letter " A " .
In the show , the friends try to find out who " A " is a show Allison was murdered , while " A " turns their lives into hell .
I love the show , because it is completely thrilling and scary .
If you are a famous person , people believe you have a wonderful life .
Nevertheless , being famous has both its benefits and drawbacks .
First of all , celebrities are usually wealthy , so they have an easier life than other people .
Luxurious homes , cars , expensive clothes and other pleasures of life are then available when people become famous .
Moreover , they travel all around the world and spend their holidays in expensive resorts , get the best hotel rooms and the most efficient service .
On the other hand , lack of privacy is a major disadvantage in a famous person 's life , as their personal life 's boundaries are constantly trespassed by paparazzi and journalists .
Owing to this state of constant stress , many of them are bound to have alcoholism problems , drug - addiction and depression .
In conclusion , fame may be nice , but it 's not an easy path to walk on .
Hello John ,
First of all , I would like to work for at least three months in a language school in London as an Italian teacher .
In this way , I 'd had the chance to get to know different people from all over the world and , at the same time , I 'd earn some money to visit the city and the castles of England , where many historical battles were fought .
After leaving London , I 'd love to do two months of volunteering at a children 's hospital in York .
My stay is going to conclude with a trip I 've always dreamed of : the Cornwall .
I 'm meeting two friends of mine in Bristol where we 're renting a little car and we 're travelling without a destination !
What do you think of my plan ?
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you !
It had been a hot , summer 's day .
Suddenly , a deafening noise coming from the dining room stopped the party , but nobody knew what had happened .
Almost immediately , the house was empty , and the music turned off , letting Michael realise that his grandmother 's vase , valued in £ 2000 was broken down .
His parents finally came back after three days but it was obvious that something was wrong .
Michael decided to blame the dog for the unfortunate incident and when he told his father what had happened , automatically he put the dog up for adoption as it was n't the first time , despite of Michael 's attempts to avoid him doing it .
Once they had arrived to the shelter , the family started to say goodbye to the dog , crying out loud .
Without looking back and getting into the car , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I would like to apply for the 12-month Internship Programme ( Marketing and Client Relations team ) at ICG as advertised on the Cambridge Careers website .
This position will allow me to gain an insight into the asset management industry .
The reputation for stability and consistency and the global leadership in mezzanine finance are my main reasons for applying to ICG .
Being awarded the " Private Equity Awards : Debt Firm of the Year 2013 " by Financial News has further confirmed my desire to work for this leading asset manager .
I am very interested in working in the financial markets .
In addition , I believe my international exposure and fluency in English , Mandarin and Cantonese will be an invaluable asset to the company .
Given my strong academic background and my leadership experiences at university , including the completion of the Manchester Leadership Programme , I believe I am a strong candidate for this position . I enclose a copy of my CV and hope very much to be invited for interview .
Of course she was really afraid , because if she accepted that job , she would have to move to New York City .
Not even her boyfriend knew about this , and she felt ashamed because , deep inside her , she did knew that he will feel betrayed and probably he did n't want to be with her anymore .
But if she did n't take this job , she would regret it her whole life , and live with that was something she was not willing to do .
So , she picked up all her stuff , left a note , and tearfully closed the door .
I am writing to you regarding your job advertisement .
I would like to apply for a position in any of your summer camps in the USA .
Furthermore , as a former scout , I have the necessary skills in organizing different sports games and I am familiar with a wide range of evening activities .
Regarding the living arrangements , as I understand it , food and accommodation are provided by the summer camp .
I will be more than happy to pay for my air tickets .
It would be my pleasure to visit the States again and take part in activities I enjoyed doing as a teenager .
Best regards ,
Mrs Kashubina
Very often people say " Family is the most important thing in life " or " My family is my biggest support " , and I agree .
When something important happens , the first person I will call is a member of my family .
In the majority of cases , members of a family have the same blood and genes and they also share living space .
This results in common opinions , support when there 's a problem and mutual understanding without many words .
On the other hand , we tend to have higher expectations and less patience when it comes to our loved ones .
One should also bear in mind that sometimes it 's necessary to compromise , especially when it comes to material or financial issues .
Once you accept that your sibling , although similar , is n't the same as you , or that your child has a different view on their future , it 's easier to embrace the differences and be a supportive family member .
And at the end of the day , nothing can beat homemade comfort food and a laugh with your family .
1- Facts and Findings .
- The unrivaled place for young people is the municipal center for youth .
This innovative center has a lot of first - class facilities for young people .
It has a professional rehearsal studio that local music groups can just rent for pocket money , they can also rent instruments by paying a small refundable deposit .
A small cinema , a library , games rooms , a TV - room with an enormous flat screen TV where teenagers usually watch football matches , a basic gym , and a little arena .
- The second best place is a private disco for youngsters .
The main problem is the high price of the tickets .
Kids have to pay 10 euros just for the entrance before getting anything else .
- There is another place where local youth spend a lot of hours ; the new and magnificent mall .
It has 150 stores and about 40 fast - food shops .
These are the main places where young people usually go .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Two years ago , I developed a project called : Our talent for Poetry and Painting , within an association for orientation of children and teenagers .
Apart from my experience in the Arts , I also have been doing gymnastics for ten years ; therefore , I am a sporty girl .
In addition , I believe I am suitable for this position because I have the ability to speak with people of different nationalities in English and French , and I am enthusiastic about camping .
Enclosed I also send the reference letters written by the director and supervisor of the Talent Proof Association , where I worked with children , in order to support my social skills and crisis management competence .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Susanne White
The importance of cleanliness around us is not understood till it takes a toll on our health .
An individual must be aware of the result of his act on the environment , be it due to personal or professional act , in order to maintain it in a healthy state .
Representatives elected by respective communities attend the meeting .
It is then their responsibility to communicate the message to all members of their community .
These meetings are organized according to their planned schedule and the results were surprising .
This rubbish was collected by the municipal board on a daily basis and proper disposal methods were employed .
Development was also happening at the same time which was good for our town , but , lots of trees were also cut down as a result .
People started protesting against them to avoid any further damage to the environment .
Hence , the municipal board decided to invite the developers as well in the meeting that was scheduled in a weeks ' time .
On the following Sunday , as discussed , trees were planted and before we realized it , they started adding beauty to our town .
Taking care of the environment is everyone 's duty and it must be performed responsibly .
After all , it is the place we all live in .
Everything was dark except for a ray of light that probably started at the end of that way .
Michael was confused , he did n't know why he had dreamed that , he thought it would be better to forget about it , so he stopped thinking about his dream .
When he was ready , he took his keys and everything he needed , he locked the door and went to his job .
He took his car and drove to the flat .
When he arrived at the building where he worked , he took the elevator and when to his floor .
Since he had entered the building he have had a strange feeling , when he arrived to his office , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Hi Jose ,
Further to our phone conversation of last week , I would like first to thank you for giving me this chance to talk to you , and following up on our discussion , please note that we have been approached by the purchasing department at the hospital to give them our maximum discount to secure the deal as a lot of brokers were quoting with a very competitive price which was very close to our cost .
In light of the above , and as agreed , I seek your kind help in approving the price of $ 30.00 per each to close this deal in a safe way .
Thank you and best regards ,
Mohamed
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He was in a deep forest and a young woman he had just met was about to give birth to her child .
Peter had already called an ambulance 30 minutes ago but it seemed that they could n't find them .
He knew he had to do something in this moment because otherwise something bad may happen ...
" Please , do something . I 'm scared " sighed the woman whose name was Mindy .
Peter took out his mobile , dialed 112 and told the dispatcher about that whole situation .
The dispatcher told Peter to calm down and check if he had scissors , towels and water in his car .
Then she tried to calm Mindy down and helped Peter to deliver the baby .
The dispatcher told him every little thing he had to do .
They have replaced many things , like books .
It is true that because of computers , we do many things fast and easily .
However , they have stopped us from doing many fun things as well , what are those things , do we really need computers , are they really helping us ?
We use computers to help us with so many different types of things .
To begin with , they help us solve really complex mathematical equations .
They were invented to help us calculate things in the first place , anyway .
Computers are an essential part of NASA , since they try to calculate really complex equations to help them solve the mysteries of space .
We have made programs that make computers do very interesting things , like graphics .
And we use graphics to make all kinds of things , like games or 3D house models that help engineers .
Finally , while doing this they actually save us from using a lot of paper .
So computers help us with so many things and also save trees .
For example , research has shown that not computers themselves , but the things we use or play on them are addictive , like social networks or games .
Also , looking at a screen is tiring for your eyes and if your eyes get too tired they can get damaged forever .
Despite the fact that computers decreased the use of paper , they 're still harmful to the environment since they consume tonnes of electricity .
Computers have made our lives easier without doubt , so it is normal that they have some bad effects .
So it is normal that computers have bad effects on us and the environment .
In my opinion , computers might be the best invention ever made , since they 've become an essential part of our daily lives and since we rely on them so much .
To whom it may concern ,
Lucila Marcelo
As a result of having shared many experiences together , I have come to know her and her abilities very well .
Lucila has proved herself to be an extremely sincere and reliable person since I met her .
Lucila is the biggest out of six siblings , so she is used to babysitting children .
In the past , she had some difficulty keeping her room neat , but , as she has grown up , she has become a far more disciplined and tidy person .
When we worked at the kindergarten , she was very patient and caring with the children and also she was willing to help them whenever they had a problem , even if that implied had work for her .
Lucila has been studying English for five years , and she is quite fluent .
Moreover , she has been to a camp in Australia in which she was a coordinator of a group of twenty kids .
As a result of her experience , Lucila has developed an incredible ability to solve any problem that may arise .
Lucila has always wanted to work with children and she is interested in a job that would also help her develop her English skills .
She would undoubtedly do an excellent job and , for the reasons I have given , I have no hesitation in supporting her application .
Yours faithfully ,
Schools and working life : a report
To the Italian education authorities
In this report , I will describe the school system in my country , point out its flaws and conclude giving suggestions about how they could be addressed .
The current situation
In Italy , students have to decide between grammar schools and technical institutes as their secondary school type .
Most people think that choosing a grammar school is the best option , because it opens the door to university , while technical institutes are put in a corner .
That is actually a mistake , because the schools who best prepare students to working life are technical institutes , who emphasize the real - world applications of the studied subjects through laboratories and industry experiences .
In fact , students learn lots of formulas and principles without actually linking them with one another in order to use them in real life .
I think that problem should be addressed .
Suggestions
Furthermore , schools should offer a year in industry for students in the last two years , which would not only teach them a lot more than school only would , but it would also attract more people to the school itself .
Conclusion
People should get used to the fact that most companies will also care about your previous work experience , and the idea of gaining that through school would be really appealing .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to apply for a position working in a summer camp in the USA .
I am a friendly , happy , hardworking person with a lot of energy .
I have had 5 years ' experience working with children as a language teacher .
In addition , I have experience working in restaurants during the summer , so I am used to all types of kitchen duties including cooking and washing up .
I believe I would be the perfect candidate for this position and I would be happy to attend a Skype interview whenever is convenient for you .
I am sure that it would be a very interesting and challenging position and I would really enjoy the opportunity to work at your camp this summer .
I look forward to hearing from you in the near future .
Yours faithfully ,
Miss Theresa Anderson
Subjects that should be taught at school .
Learning new languages is very important , but also studying subjects related to computers and technology , like computer programming , is becoming more and more useful than ancient languages like Greek or Latin .
This is because technology has become a relevant tool for work and study , in particular , and an important instrument in life in general .
It is quite evident that learning ancient languages today is not as relevant as it is used to be in the past .
On the one hand , it allows the students to understand and translate ancient texts and helps them to learn about cultures from the past .
Recent surveys proved that the study of these languages does not add much to the students ' future success .
It is a known fact that there are very few computer programmers .
Furthermore , as technology changes more and more , there will be a greater demand of these skills in the future .
It is evident that technology is important in every aspect of our lives .
Okay , so I 'm going to talk about One Direction .
When I was in middle - school , back in 2011 , I noticed that they had already released their first single called What Makes You Beautiful , so I listened to it and obviously fell in love with it , and with their first album too , named Up All Night .
I have been following them almost 6 years in a row !
I ca n't wait for them to go back to all the stages and arenas to sing , because I 'm going to their 2017 or 2018 tour no matter what , as I did back in 2012 and 2015 .
Groban : All that echoes
' All that echoes ' , by Josh Groban , is the sixth studio album of this American singer and songwriter .
It contains twelve tracks to enjoy that you wait impatiently for the next song .
That fascinating album surprises not only with the variety of subjects , but also with the strength of the instrumental sounds .
The first single , ' Brave ' , is a chart - topping song about emotions such as fear and fight .
The arrangements are simple and effective and the powerful voice plays harmoniously with the rich sound .
It is bound to be at the top of my list . '
False alarm ' , which is the second track , is totally different and mysterious because of the wealth of musical instruments .
Groban sings the well - known from the film ' Once " song called ' Falling slowly ' in his own fantastic way , but listeners get used to the first version might be disappointed .
Musically satisfying , ' Happy in my heartache ' , tells the story of tragic love .
Once again , Groban fascinates audiences from all over the world with his mature voice and catchy tunes .
It 's a must !
Once upon a time , in a large town there lived a young man who worked at a post office .
His main task was to collect letters from abroad and to hand them to THE postmen WHO WERE in charge of DELIVERING them to THE addressees .
Thus , every day he had a chance to see where the letters came from .
He DEVELOPED AN INTEREST in FOREIGN COUNTRIES .
Besides , he also came to being keen on learning foreign languages , so much so that he decided to enroll on courses of French and German .
He became HIGHLY skilled at writing in these languages and this ability turned OUT to be useful in his job .
One day , he took part in a competition intended for the selection of the head of the post office where he was still working .
The LARGE NUMBER OF participants DID VARIOUS EXERCISES , INCLUDING a TRANSLATION into German .
When the exam was finished , he went out of the room where the competition had been held .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
The reason I am writing to you is the poor quality of a food processor , which I bought in your store two weeks ago .
After using it two times , problems started to appear .
I noticed that the first malfunction was the safety lock , which demanded applying of great force .
My wife had to ask me for help , because she was n't strong enough to push the safety lock through .
We discovered that another problem when we tried to use the blender .
I put some ice cream and milk in the blender and pushed the " start " button .
It started working , but suddenly got stuck and we were unable to use it since .
Naturally , I returned the blender to you to be replaced with a new one .
Your assistant said that I would have to wait only a week .
After two weeks , the food processor had still not arrived .
Finally , four weeks later , I was contacted by your representative .
Imagine my feelings when I learned from him that I ca n't receive the same model of food processor as I bought .
As a solution , he offered that upgrade my model to a better one and this , too , will take two weeks .
Therefore , I expect a refunding of my full amount , $ 180 , as soon as possible .
Yours faithfully ,
Smith
Dear Mr Cunningham ,
I am writing to apply for the post of camp monitor which I saw advertised on the university website .
I am very interested in it because I would like to broaden my experience in activities with children .
Besides , as I am the eldest brother , I am used to dealing with children .
Although I am Spanish and English is not my first language , I can speak fluently because my mother is Irish and she always used to speak English to us .
I would appreciate a reply at your earliest convenience .
Please contact me regarding any queries you may have .
Yours sincerely ,
This kind of transport is regarded as a covenient way to travel .
As a result , some people hold the opinion that in the future , there will be no public transport .
On the one hand , it is enviornmentally friendly to use public transport rather than cars .
On the other hand , buses and subways can accommodate more passengers , while a car can only contains 4 to 5 people totally .
Compared with cars , public transport has a larger capability of conveying , which saves space and costs less .
Last but not least , fewer car accidents will happen if people choose to use public transport , so traffic jams will be avoided especially in rush hours .
Thus , it will be more smooth and pleasant for passengers to travel on the road .
" Educational institutions have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing fields of study in which they are unlikely to succeed . "
This statement fails to consider the main function of education , which is not training superstars or perfect robots but teaching students how to face and solve the problems they are confronted with instead of escape .
Among the various purposes of education , in my opinions , the most important one is teaching students to solve problems .
Convincing students to take a more comfortable road by giving up the possible risk is definitely not the proper attitude the educational institution should have .
One may suggest that everyone need to learn to assess the risk before invest , however , teaching students how to assess , not assessing for students , is the responsibility of educational institutions .
Truly , that knowing one 's limit is the first step of bringing out the maximum value of one 's talent .
One would never know he / she can swim or not without jumping into the swimming pool .
Last but not least , what is the definition of " success " ?
How do the educational institutions judge a student being likely to succeed or not ?
What if a student would rather to do something he / she likes instead of something he / she is good at ?
They might not be the top , but they are self - actualized and satisfied , and only in such a situation they can provide most to the world , just like Albert Einstein has said , " Try not to become a man of success but rather to become a man of value . "
Contribution
The most popular TV programme in Germany is definitely the news programme " Tagesschau " , which is airing about three times a day on the channel " Das Erste / ARD " .
It is a news programme based on well - researched facts and offers a wide range of all the important information you need .
Every now and then , they even air an extra reportage on a certain field , like the European election or the crisis in the Ukraine .
The main reason for its popularity is its accuracy and funded research , which makes it more reliable than other news programmes .
Moreover , they try to be interesting for all ages , so they post on facebook and twitter as well , which draws the attention of the younger generation to the programme .
Nevertheless , they always inform about the latest news on their website and in their TV show as soon as possible and , in addition , they give a great overview of the necessary background information you need .
Although I am rarely watching the show on TV , I like the way they are trying to keep up with modern technology and that they are always making boring nes so vivid and interesting through short video clips , pictures and their choice of words .
If you ever get to watch TV in Germany , you should definitely try out this interesting news programme .
Dear Emma ,
I was so glad to read your letter about your new job .
How is it ?
Have you got friendly colleagues ?
Last summer , I finally managed to change my boring job and that tiny clothes job for a better one .
I worked at the local cinema where Fred was also working .
It was amazing !
It was a lot of fun , mainly because it was just us two .
We got to see the new Bond movie and also the blockbuster Spiderman 3 there .
My job was cleaning the cinema , but Fred 's main responsibility was to roll the movies for the clients , so I 'd make sure I finished cleaning earlier , so I could enjoy watching the movies with him .
But enough about me ! Tell me about you !
Have you finally asked Mark out ?
I ca n't wait for you to answer .
I 'll write soon !
Love ,
For the last ten years , Michael had been working in a well - known company in London as an accountant .
He did like his job but , as we all know , sometimes people suddenly feel they have to change something .
They do n't know exactly what they should do , what to change - buy a new pair of shoes or maybe do something more - move to a different city or even to a foreign country .
Michael had exactly the same problem .
One day , he woke up much earlier than used to .
He sat on a sofa in front of a television and , suddenly , he realised the fact that every morning was exactly the same , nothing has changed since such many years ! "
But what to do ?
A crazy idea came to his mind .
" Why should n't I give myself a chance to make my dreams come true ?
People have only one life , not more ! "
At that moment , he was pretty sure what to do now .
He took a sheet of paper and a pen and started to write .
After 10 minutes , a resignation letter was ready to bring it to Michael 's boss .
" I need to talk to the boss " - he said to Jane , the main secretary of the company .
It all took about 3 minutes .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Sometimes we do things we do n't want to for no apparent reason but some other times we know exactly where we are getting into .
Michael had cheated on her and he did it consciously .
He tried in his mind to go back to that moment , when his lips were getting closer to Jane , to that last look before the embrace , to the previous smile .
There was no one else to blame but him .
Regret had been filling up his soul since last Friday .
He could not keep his betrayal inside any longer , so he entered the living room and told her .
The words coming up from his mouth like a litany , almost mechanically , as he realized that there was no turning back .
Tears ran down Rachel 's face .
No words , not a single comment .
She just stood up , took her purse , and left .
He now realized .
He did n't do it for her , he only did it for himself , to get rid of his burden , but it was far too late .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The Beautiful Game
Glitz , glamour and popularity ; three words which are often linked to the world of football , and this sport in no doubt one of the finest that man has created .
The stars playing this game add to the already amassed recognition of the sport .
Weekends would be a drag if match days were not on television .
The 90 minutes is the most enjoyed time of the week though , because of the adrenalin rush that is associated with every thing that is done on the pitch .
As a fan , supporting a team is just one part of the sport .
These are just some of the many things that make me love this sport so much .
In the 21st century , advice is something that is only given and that given advice is never taken .
With regard to this sport , any advice , in my opinion , is a good advice and I have just a single piece of advice for a person starting this sport , and that advice would be to enjoy everything related to the sport .
Nowadays students need to learn both language and mathematics until they go to university , even some of them still need to study them in the university .
The ways of learning a language and mathematics are different .
For studying a language , people need to communicate with others to improve their speaking and listening levels and read a variety of overseas book to increase their reading and writing skills .
Furthermore , people need to have a good memory to remember a large number of words .
To sum up , teachers , skills and talent are more important for learning mathematics .
Firstly , both those courses need to do a mass of practices , even though the ways are different .
Secondly , associability is important for both languages and mathematics .
Shenzhen - China 's largest migrant city and a neighbor of Hong Kong - is a remarkable place that I call home .
Most Shenzhen residents come from different cultural backgrounds and speak various regional dialects .
Meanwhile , we embrace a superordinate Shenzhen identity , which is characterized by a culture of openness , tolerance , and creativity .
Our differences , it seems , do not make a difference .
As a child who did not play with " boys ' toys " and identified as gay later , I was often subjected to disdain and hostility from peers and adults .
Ironically , the marginalization comes not only from society at large , but also from within the gay community .
This experience of amplified minority stress prompted me to think about intergroup and intragroup interaction early in life .
It has led me to believe that masculinity should not be an indicator of individual worth .
Nor should sexuality , skin color , and other identity markers - whether visible or invisible .
Anna knew that was going to be a very special day for her .
That morning she woke up in a very good mood .
It was the day of her birthday , so she decided to go out with friends .
She chose a little , cosy restaurant near her house .
As soon as Anna and her friends came into the restaurant , everything started to go perfect .
Then had all got special clothes and dressed up in colourful , old - fashined dresses .
The moment the door opened was the most exciting in Anna 's life .
She jumped for joy .
She said to her friends : ' This is the best party ever !
Thank you so much ! ' .
She was embarrassed that she did not recognise him .
She went to sleep with the belief that she is the happiest girl in the world .
The Alhambra
The Alhambra is a beautiful palace which is situated in Granada , in the south of Spain .
The Catholic Monarchs , Isabella and Ferdinad , had tried for several years to defeat the muslims , who at this time , only remained seated in the city of Granada .
The Alhambra Palace was the residence of Boabdil , the last Muslim king , who was defeated in 1492 after delivering Granada to the Catholic Monarchs .
Nowadays , this palace is one of the most visited places here in Spain because of its beauty and its impressive courtyards .
You can see the history of the Reconquets in its walls and towers .
Hi Paul ,
How are you doing ?
I haven't seen you for almost two months but , as you know , on November I had a one of a kind possibility to help at a concert that took place on an airport runway and it was a simply amazing experience !
An event started at 7 p.m. but all the volunteers who had signed a contract had to work from 8 a.m. Everything has to be perfect during such events , so we had no time to relax or even eat a decent meal !
The whole process of selling the tickets was fascinating because of the demand for them .
Security guards had a lot of work to do but , thanks to them , we stand a chance to deal with other problems , such as , for example , regulating the quality of the sound .
I was incredibly overjoyed when the culmination came .
A band was playing , we were enjoying the music and it seemed that there will be no more complications .
Take care , Paul .
When you come to my town , we 'll go out to a rock concert together ! Ca n't wait !
Warm regards
Adam
Hi Paul ,
I do n't have much time , because I 'm taking off in 10 minutes to help at another concert .
After a few drinks , I told him that I 'm currenly looking for a job , nothing big , just a couple of hours during weekends to gather some money for my journey to the Netherlands .
Remember , I told you about it last time , when we met Jenny .
Anyway , it turned out that the guy works in this agency , they organise concerts , parties and stuff like that , and he offered me the job !
The perfect one !
It 's literally 10 - 15 hours on Fridays nights and Saturdays , stuff like carrying instruments ( which means hanging out with musicians ) , tyding after ( finding things , like wallets and cellphones ) and , generally speaking , - helping .
Last week I worked most the of time with the manager of The Kooks .
I went to Krakow and spent all day " planning " their stay in Poland .
In fact , I had to be everywhere with the guy , just hanging and helping him not to get lost in the city .
I tell you , I meet so many people nowadays that I do n't even remember their names .
The salary is nice too .
Last time , it was , for example , delivering my drunk boss home ;)
I have to go now .
Cheers ,
Arek
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He said to himself : What have I done ?
Why have I killed him ?
I 'm a chemist , I ca n't kill people becasue I wanted to .
He had to take the man 's body and hide it somewhere .
He went to his lab and showed his partner the dead body .
His partner said : " Man , we have to do something and quick " .
Then they went to the dead man 's car and put him in there .
Later , when they were sure that there were no one near , they burned the car .
The killers partner felt guilty for a moment , but then the killer told him : ' He earned it .
He tried to kill me after killing lots of other people . '
Thanks to the fact that the judge 's best friend had been killed by the man the chemist killed , so they went out free and without bad feeling .
A modern interpretation of Austen 's Classic Love Story
The glorious world of Jane Austen is brought back to the silver screen in Pride & Prejudice , a 2005 British film based on the novel of the same title , published in 1813 .
Joe Wright directs this uplifting adaptation , which depicts the five Bennet sisters , who have been brought up to get married .
The enthusiastic and clever Elizabeth stands out among them , striving to put everything in a broader perspective .
Surprisingly enough , sparks fly when spirited Elizabeth Bennet ( Keira Knightley ) meets single , rich , and proud Mr. Darcy ( Matthew Macfadyen ) .
Keira Knightley , in the lead role of Elizabeth Bennet , delivers an outstanding performance .
In fact , the film , well cast from top to bottom , is highlighted by a compelling soundtrack and a set of beautiful English locations , as in many British productions .
In this adaptation , the screenwriter makes some substantial alterations to the novel .
Therefore , dialogues , settings as well as politeness , costumes and hairstyles are meant to give it greater public appeal , sacrificing historical accuracy .
Thus , overlapping dialogues are introduced in a mixture of modern idiom and archaic sentence structure , several scenes have been shifted to more romantic settings , and the proximity of the Bennets to their rural life is stressed to illustrate their relative poverty in contrast with the rich characters of the story .
To conclude , Pride & Prejudice is an amazing adaptation which completely bewitches you with an exquisite blend of emotion and wit .
In fact , in its final minutes , it makes you believe , for one misty - eyed moment , in true love and in order reigning in the universe .
By the way , if you haven't seen this romantic , funny , well - acted and well - scripted film yet ; give it a try !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing in order to apply for the position in your Film Club for students of English .
I am a 45 years old man and I have plenty of experience in working with people .
I used to work with young people in primary and secondary schools , teaching Spanish language .
Although I still have not passed the FCE exam , I am currently working hard to fulfil the goal very soon .
Above all , I am interested in films .
Science fiction are my favourite type of films because I like to leave behind normal life . Nevertheless , I enjoy all kinds of them such as comedies , thrillers , westerns , horror films and even silent films .
As far as the job is concern , working on Monday and Wednesday evening would be perfect for me because I am currently unemployed .
Please feel free to ask for further information if you need it .
I look forward to hearing from you very soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Juan
Dear James ,
Thank you for accepting our invitation to give a talk at our club .
In reference to the speech date , the best would be June 12 , in the evening , when all the members will have finished their classes at school .
The children are aged between ten and sixteen and they enjoy playing football and swimming .
I 'm sure we 'll all enjoy your speech .
We believe that fair play is a very important topic , because children must learn to behave properly when playing a sport .
Also , we think that becoming a sports star is difficult and it would be a good idea to talk about it , because some of the club members wrongly think it is easy to succeed at playing a sport .
Looking forward to seeing you on 12 June .
Kind regards ,
John
I love to write .
It is a method I use to relax , unwind and revive myself .
Our mind is always full of thoughts .
Some of these thoughts make us smile , some make us frown .
But all these are addressed through writing .
Writing should be done naturally ; only then it serves its real purpose .
I have written many poems , a few articles and even a few stories .
Many times , reading my own poems and articles is a surprising experience . "
Am I the same person who wrote this ?
Let 's see when and how that happens ... !
It 's very common to hear people talking about friendship , but are we sure about the real meaning of it ?
Firstly , we ought to consider that friendship is not uniquely a human emotion .
A friend is a treasure , as in the title of that adventure - comedy film , somebody you can share your problems with .
Somebody who listens to you talking about your dreams and wishes , your expectations and your efforts and sacrifices to get them , your plans for the future , and moreover , pays special attention on times of crisis .
This is why the members of my family are my best friends .
My family loves me whatever I think or whatever I do , no matter if it is correct or not .
They love me just because I am me , for who I am .
They are always going to tell me the truth although this truth could hurt me , because they always want me to be happy .
Finally , they warn me of danger but they let me do something , even if in the end I 'd make a big mistake . They 'd keep always close to me and neither would fail me .
They are , definitely , my best friends .
The painting is an amazing one and one should definitely take a look at it in order to appreciate its full beauty .
The Mona Lisa is perhaps Leonardo DaVinci 's most famous of paintings .
It is an oil painting , painted on poplar wood .
The painting is most famous for the smile of the woman , which people have been trying to decipher for a long time .
The woman is shown with her hands folded , with her breast , neck , and face painted the same color as her hands .
Perhaps the most interesting thing about the painting is the woman 's smile .
Many believe that it is innocent and inviting , while others believe it is that of smugness and is a smirk .
Many scientific studies have been undertaken to determine the exact nature of the smile and the real reason remains a mystery .
It is believed that every person sees the smile differently because of the changes in the lighting that Leonardo presented .
The woman is shown seated in an open area , and behind her is a vast landscape , which recedes to an icy mountain .
The painting is an amazing one and one should definitely take a look at it in order to appreciate its full beauty .
The painting is currently on display at the Musee du Louvre , in Paris .
Over the past few years , the Internet has become an important part of our lives .
We use it to communicate with friends , to play games , to watch series , the list is endless .
Unfortunately , it is not perfect .
Because the more people use the Internet , the greater the chances are of people misusing it .
Luckily , the government intervenes to preserve the safety of the Internet .
What it comes down to is , should the Internet be more tightly controlled by governments ?
They could get into our computers and steal our information .
They could use that information to get into our bank accounts and steal our money .
However , if the government were to monitor the citizens ' actions more closely , it would be considered an invasion of our privacy .
This brings me to the next issue .
The reason why the government even take action is to ensure people are able to enjoy the internet , but a more tightly controlled internet would destroy that purpose .
Everybody likes to have the freedom to explore the internet .
So they would not appreciate it if there were suddenly restrictions put on them .
To sum things up , the government should not control the internet more tightly .
It is fine the way it is right now .
That way , the most of the trouble would be kept away from the internet while , at the same time , the internet users would still have the freedom to explore the web .
Are people born violent or do they become violent because of how they are brought up ?
How did we become the person we are ?
Is there something that makes us unique ?
Is it the genes we are born with ?
Or are we a product of our own lives ?
It is clear that genes play a very important part in the person we are .
Therefore , what we need to consider is whether our personality and personal skills are born or made .
Those who hold that nature has a stronger influence than nurture on developing our personal identity will claim that certain personality traits are also determined by our genes .
Nevertheless , identical twins that were separated when they were very young and have been raised in different environments show differences in their personalities .
This provides evidence that life experiences and the surrounding where you grow up have defined the kind of person you are today .
However , nature does n't always endow us with inborn abilities .
For instance , parents tend to instil their own passions in their children and , consequently , they will likely be interested in the same academic or artistic field .
According to this fact , parents often shape their children 's lives by encouraging them to follow in their footsteps .
So , to conclude , we would have to argue that both nature and nurture make us who we are .
As I see it , personal identity is the result of the interaction of our genetic structure and the environment which surrounds us .
Dear Ira !
Thanks a lot for your letter .
It was fun to read as always .
I was so surprised to hear you signed up for a new interior design course because it 's such a coincidence that I 'm planning to do something with my bedroom in the near future .
As I 've got some extra money at last , I think It 's high time for me to think about how to make it cozy and comfortable .
I hope you do n't mind if I ask you some questions .
First , I think about painting the walls in warm colors ( apricot , salmon pink or warm beige ) . I thought you might add some more interesting colors to the list .
I completely rely on your taste , as we 've always been on the same wavelength .
The idea of painting it white seems too boring to me and I 'm completely out of my depth with all this new stuff for ceilings in shops , but I 'm sure you 're an expert !
The floor is also a problem .
I want it to look beautiful , be easy to wash and not expensive at the same time .
I 'm wondering what you would suggest .
Ca n't wait to hear what you 've been up to this weekend .
All the best
Natasha
CONVENIENCE IS NOT THE MOST IMPORTANT THING
Nowadays , every one of us travels a lot .
Is it possible to choose which one is the best ?
There are so many advantages .
It is the fastest and the most comfortable one .
Of course , for these facilities you have to pay a lot of money and that could be a problem for some people .
The next one is boat .
It could also be really comfortable but we do n't use it often .
It 's more for exotic trips .
But there is also an inconvenience - it is also expensive .
And it is hard to plan a trip like this .
What about the train then ?
This is the best option for me .
In my country , trains are n't really fast and there could be problems during the trip , but that 's for me , makes it more interesting .
It is also quite safe , so you do n't have to worry about the accidents .
I wish I could travel every day .
Even though any mode of transportation is not bad , for me the train is the best option .
cars are handy and driving can be pleasant , but only when the driver is in a good mood , with no traffic jams or craters on the road ( really common situations in Brazil ) .
Since ancient times , exist public transport , and it suffered numerous attempts of assassination , in China , for example , the dynasty Yuan prohibited public transport ( at that age , charriots ) because of fear that Han people could plot and riot against the mongol 's dictatorship in it ; the situation inverted at an early socialist regime when , in 1960 , Mao considered personal cars as instrument of opression and symbol of devilish capitalism .
Of course , none of these radical measures last long against the very basic human instinct : laziness .
USA SUMMER CAMPS APPLICATION .
I am a lawyer and I love to travel .
I play hockey and basketball , two sports that are simply perfect .
I have been learning English for a while , I am a sensitive and positive person , full of energy and willing to have new adventures .
As I have alrealdy said , I play sports , and that is why I could be helpful at organizing sports and evening activities .
Yours Faithfully , Alexia .
The diagrams vividly show us the process of making banking notes .
Above all , it 's a significant step to make a good design , in which background colour , artwork and security are the main considerations .
The second section is printing .
Each sheet contains 50 bank notes .
There may be several colours on both sides of bank notes .
To make sure of the printing effect , special ink has to be used .
After that , good quality sheets and bank notes are separated from partially damaged sheets and will be packaged and distributed .
Introduction :
The aim of this report is to give some information about the range of exciting activities that people can do in our area .
Water sports :
There are lots of places where you can do water sports like scuba diving , windsurfing , surfing , go on a banana bus , kayaking … The Costa Brava is the perfect place to do water sports because there is a lot of wind and good weather .
Winter sports :
In winter you can go skiing or snowboarding in the Pirineus .
Montmeló :
In Catalonia there is an important race track where the cars of Formula 1 race .
When there is n't any race , you can go and try different racing cars or if you want you can go and race a bike on the race track .
Conclusion :
To sum up , I think that if you want to do exciting sports , Catalonia is a good place where you can find lots of different sports and you can choose what to do , but if you do n't want to do sports you can do another activities or go on interesting places .
Michael had already woken up when his mother 's alarm clock started ringing .
He got up as quietly as he could and waited until he stopped hearing his mother talking to herself , which meant she had headed to the kitchen .
Michael knew his mother had planned on baking a cake .
He hid near the door , where he could watch for a chance to try the cream without being noticed .
He waited for what seemed like an eternity until he saw her leaving the kitchen with Michael 's father 's breakfast .
It was his chance .
' I must keep an eye on the door ' he muttered as he entered . '
If she finds out I was here , she 'll kill me ' .
After all , what I had was so infinitesimal that I could barely taste it . '
Before he could notice , the cream was all gone .
It was time to escape , even though his mother would find out who ate it eventually .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Chapter 9 : The KM-3J : The second confrontation
That night , the time flew by , but things started to get weird , Marcus was talking with an Australian guy about the proofs that he had found related to dinosaurs , he was interested in them , but Marcus did n't like his point of view about those species , the guy told him they were bad creatures with no feelings , and Marcus thought they were awesome and the most lovely creatures he had never heard about , the guy thought Marcus was crazy , so he flew from the Federal Palace .
Jack , was arguing with an officer about the Mexico conquest ( the officer did n't understand anything because Jack was drunk ) , and suddenly , the officer took off his costume and a strange mask , and in that moment … Jack was astonished because the officer was not an officer , he was Brad !
The KM-3J put Jack into an immense bag , they were planning to kill him and place his dead body in a grave , in that way , their friends would find him buried , but they were not that evil , they just put him into a dark room and tied his hands in a chair , it was exactly the same thing he was dreamed about .
Jack was frightened , but suddenly he heard the door opening and saw their friends rescuing him , they had used some weapons from The King of the Sky , they got into the room and started shooting while Michael was unleashing Jack from the chair , accidentally , Mark killed Miley while he was shooting , all her body parts were scattered on the floor , he did n't care about that and flew with the others .
Jack fainted while their friends were rescuing him .
When they arrived at the mainland , Jack woke up , there was n't anyone around him , there was just sand and the beach …
Comfort , time and internal peace are required to make learning efficient .
Hence , it is not possible to do a job and study side by side .
I strongly oppose this statement because handling both these together is easily possible with strong willpower .
I will elaborate on points to support my opinion in the further paragraphs .
It all depends on the preference of the individuals .
If they want to bear some hassle and become more productive in their life , they can manage both things side by side .
But it does not mean that the child has to abandon his dream of acquiring an education .
With firm determination , they can continue their education and work to feed their family as well .
Finally , sometimes people think they have completed their education , but when they get a full - time job , they realize that a diploma or degree can increase their chances of promotion .
Moreover , some employers select the potential employee from colleges while they are studying and pay for their Masters or Advanced Diplomas because they see their profit in that investment .
Hence , studying and working side by side helps candidates to grow professionally .
In conclusion , working and studying is very much possible .
It just depends on the dedication and determination of the person .
People should do both study and work side by side to make themselves more skilled and capable .
March 21st , 2007
Mrs Kate Ashby
Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am good at dealing with people .
I demonstrated a courteous and professional attitude and achieved a high rating in the customer satisfaction survey .
I am also interested in different kinds of food and different cuisines .
I am prepared to work long hours and take shifts late in the evening since I live nearby .
I accept feedback from peers and management and improve my performance .
I am also a quick learner and adapt well to different working environments .
Please find my resume attached to this letter .
Thank you for your time and consideration of my resume and I look forward to speaking with you .
Sincerely yours ,
Tom
How did this happen ?
How can I be here at D'el Arte wearing a suit and tie with my beautiful wife ?
The day had n't been planned to end with a date night .
Then it all dawned on me .
I 'd been set up .
Her plan was so clever and deceptive as to escape detection until the last card had been played .
Oh , my wife is clever .
When exactly did the deception begin ?
Was it at the party which lasted until 3 am the night before ?
When was this seed planted in my wife 's brain to have a date night with me all dressed up and formal ?
So many twists and turns - she played her cards well , I never suspected , while sitting in the pews next to my wife , that , when she leaned forward with a pained expression on her face , that the evening would end at D'el Arte .
Nor when her condition appeared to worsen and I decided to go get the car to take her to the doctor 's office , nor when I returned to find her lying on the cold hard stone floor of the church , could I have ever imagined we would be enjoying a quiet evening together sharing entrees and desserts .
Nor could I have conceived , after having multiple people help calling the ambulance , which never came , or the friends who called my in - laws to come take care of the kids , that we would be eating a wonderful pizza by the end of the evening .
No , none of these things would have prepared me for the relief I would feel , after waiting 4 hours in the emergency room , that her pains were probably only intercostal muscle pains and the test for something more serious were all negative .
Honestly dear , next time just ask me .
I 'll say yes .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am fourteen years old and interested in this job and believe I have the qualifications .
I can speak English , since I used to vacation in Australia as a child .
I would be helpful in the kitchen as I used to work part - time in my uncle 's restaurant .
I can also help organise any activity , as I have previously worked in a summer camp in my town with children between the ages of six and ten years old .
In my opinion , this job would be a great , helpful experience .
I hope you consider my application and look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Cassie L.
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I have just seen your advertisement for a job in your summer camps .
I 'm still improving my English skills with a Canadian teacher .
In fact , I have been helping in summer camps in Italy for 3 years .
So , I do n't find it difficult to organize competitions or activities for children .
I think it should be easy for me to help in the kitchens because I can cook very well .
This is the experience which I 've been waiting for for ages !
Please do n't hesitate to contact me ! I 'm really looking forward to your reply .
Antonio Trevisano del Bruno
First of all , I think , to stay young , you need a goal in life .
I already had mine as a teenager .
In my teens , I was fascinated by planes .
My goal , I decided then , was to become a pilot when I grewn up .
I have always tried to live for the future and not fret about the past .
This has helped keep me young .
Besides we all have our close calls in life in one way or another .
Like the one I had in 1926 and all because of a parachute .
It was a foggy January morning and I had gone to renew my pilot 's licence .
The weather report said the ceiling was at 180 metres .
But at 360 metres , I was still surrounded by heavy fog .
Suddenly , my plane began to act up , I was losing control .
I sent the plane into a deep dive and landed safely .
My name is Bridget Payne , and I 'm 15 years old .
I love taking care of kids .
Every summer I help on my mom 's summer camp , but it 's a summer camp of babies and I would like to work wth older children , because I think it 's more challenging . I would love to work at any placeacross th US .
I 'm a hard worker and I always love finishing something that I started .
I always make sure to get what I want and I do n't stop until I get it .
I am also very energetic , playful and creative .
Regards ,
Bridget Payne
Dear Paul ,
Last month , as you may know , I was a volunteer on the occasion of my favourite band 's concert in Katowice .
It was just a miracle - it had turned out that the band 's manager was my good old friend , Daniel , and he asked me for help when he found out I was a big fan of the group .
Although the work was truly demanding and lasted for quite a while , I must say I really enjoyed it .
At first , I had to be involved in it a month before the event was started .
I was asked to give some information about the concert to local pubs , restaurants etc . ,
so I was handing out leaflets everywhere .
I had to move it from place to place along with the boys from the group .
Eventually the concert came off just perfectly !
Lots of people showed up , everybody had fun and the best thing in the musical experience is that you can make friends with famous people and those who you admire and only see on TV .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Patrycja .
Dear Johanna ,
I 'm very happy to hear from you since we both have been quite busy these days with the exams .
It 's a pity that you have to choose between the activities that you love the most , but I guess that life is full of choices .
If I were you , I would give up music and I am going to explain why .
You have always wanted to be a policewoman ( unless you have recently changed your opinion ) so you must be very fit , since you need to pass the physical tests , which are very demanding , according to my mother .
James Dashner 's The Maze Runner , joins The Hunger Games and Divergent as the latest futuristic Young Adult thriller to get its own film franchise .
The Maze Runner manages to feel remarkably fresh .
It 's punchy , tense and , crucially , original .
The book opens with a boy .
He finds himself in " the Glade " , a farmstead and a camp at the centre of a towering stone maze .
A group of teenagers , all males , have made a makeshift life for themselves there .
Like Thomas , none of them have any real memories of their previous lives , although there 's a barely spoken , horrific suggestion that the lives they 've come from might have been even worse than the ones they 're living now .
At night , the maze grinds shut .
Vicious monsters known as Grievers prowl its twists and turn .
The priority for the boys is to survive , and to find a way out of the maze .
The book ends with a devastating final twist .
The oldest memory of our relationship is a short skirt and some crocodiles .
Two perfect stigmas for a man and a woman in general .
The task is unambiguous and seemingly easy . I should be able to describe my view of an American man and his behavior because of my experience as an adult , a woman , a wife , a mother and , simply , a human being with various roles in life who has been million times happy and million times unhappy .
However , I am non - American and I live with a man who surprises me every day in a positive and also in a negative way . I can not describe my own husband .
Is it really possible to describe a man at all ?
No . I think that I can depict this one American man within a certain period of time , but it is impossible to write the truth , since I have never seen him alive . I can write subjectively and my observations of him through the Internet will be distorted by my own life , experience and the surrounding I live in .
His name is Kyle .
A typical American name , right ?
However , he is not typical .
He is special .
I like his sense of humor , because he is able to make me smile .
His sensitivity is visible through his carefully chosen words , and his decency in his grammatically correct sentences .
I adore his imagination because he is able to kidnap you away on a cloud to a never - never land .
He is wise and brave , because he was not scared to teach me , although he is not a teacher .
But what about those snakes and guns in his photos ?
Would I be able to overcome my own phobias and be fair ?
And what about those open - hearted quotes , love songs and poetic opinions he shares on his wall ?
Is he a romantic and a killer in one ?
He always writes gentle words , uses cute smileys , Facebook kisses and hugs , but when I ask him in what way he loves me , he answers " as a Christian " .
Well , it 's all right .
I 'm relieved .
However , the woman inside of me shouts : What ?
He does not love me as a woman !
I would like to point out another of his attribute , which is his pride .
There will always be some kind of sparkling , either alluring or repulsing .
The next thing I like about him is that he never pushes me into anything .
If I want to sleep , he stops his own imagination to let me relax and rest .
So , he is thoughtful .
I must be honest for a while .
I have always wanted to fly , to travel , to paint , to write and to love .
And I am left to love without any support .
He asked me to observe him for a week .
However , I am scared a bit of the consequences of this secret adventure .
What if it breaks me down ?
I mean what if he tames me like a fox ?
He is a hunter .
In the following section I will write about his sexuality and dealing with an argument .
This could hardly satisfy an ordinary questioner like me , not only an interviewer from a daily journal .
No matter what you write , he follows his own lust .
On the other hand , he is disciplined , because he is able to stop with his imagery at once .
He is cute , anyway .
As I wrote before , it was not that easy to make the argument with him .
I tried to use different strategic inputs that could help me to argue , for example : You are totally uninterested to read between the lines ! You never listen to me!I even called him a lummox and a stumblebum .
He just kept quiet and begged me to stop .
He did his best to calm me down .
I was impressed and I find this a good feature of his personality .
Yesterday , I wanted him to tell me the story of his life .
He went with the trip from California to Texas and then to Phoenix .
If you like adventurers , well , he is the right man for you .
Sport is a part of men . I should not bypass this issue .
So , I asked him what his favourite sport is .
He likes baseball , but he does not play baseball actively .
He likes watching it .
He actively does hiking , hunting and camp riding .
The week has passed , so we are at the end of this adventure course .
Honestly , I asked myself , if I would like to be his future wife .
I pondered this many times .
However , I am not that crazy as to marry the man whom I do not know in real life .
But I do like him and I loved the course .
It surely taught me a lot and enriched my whole life .
Thank you , Kyle .
In the end , I would like to add a quotation by Franz Marc .
I do not know who Franz Marc is .
" Blue is the male principle , stern and spiritual .
Yellow is the female principle , gentle , cheerful and sensual .
Red is matter , brutal and heavy and always the colour which must be fought and vanquished by the other two . "
To : The Chairperson
From : Teodora Costescu , Romanian student
Subject : Local Environmental Protection
Date : 13th September 2014
Purpose
Recycling
Through a series of programmes and events organised by local voluntary organisations , both adults and children are instructed about the importance of waste reduction and recycling .
Therefore , in the last few years there has been a great improvement in raising awareness and commitment among an increasingly larger sector of the population as far as the selective collection of household refuse is concerned .
This is clearly illustrated by the growing number of recycling facilities the residents of our town have at their disposal .
Public Transport
Consequently , there are buses which run at short intervals on various routes , so that people can arrive at their destinations rapidly and conveniently .
Public Cleaning Services
Conclusion
However , as with all issues present within society , a dual commitment from the citizens and the authorities should be regarded as a key factor .
Red fire ants originated in Brazil .
Fire ants are very aggressive .
They often swarm on their prey swiftly and sting repeatedly to paralyze it .
If we disturb a fire ant nest , they would relentlessly sting us , injecting poison into our body .
The sting could be fatal if we have an allergy .
Even if we do n't , the stinging will cause a burning sensation , swelling and then a blister at the point of sting .
In severe cases , it causes nausea , vomiting or dizziness .
In the US , millions of people are stung annually and some have died from their injuries .
Fire ants threaten more than human health .
In infested areas , they injure livestock , pets and wildlife ; and damage crops , plants , electrical equipment , and irrigation systems .
We should use pesticide treatments to reduce their numbers .
Nowadays we ca n't predict the aim of future devices though I guess that they will be mainly related to eradicating current illnesses .
Cancer , for instance , is surely one of the preferences for the companies that invest large amounts of money in R&D.
Personally , I consider curing cancer the most challenging goal for the next generation of researchers and inventors .
Although I advocate new remedies for cancer , I think that there is another problem in the world that society should focus on .
It is usually forgotten because it barely affects our daily routine .
However , when we talk about hunger we must regard it as the main problem of the world .
That is the reason why I have been thinking for a long time about a new device to eradicate starvation .
It is not completely developed but I can advance some ideas about its design .
It consists of a pill where we blend lots of different elements .
Manufacturing costs are not expensive and these pills do not expire .
They can be conserved for a long time and shipping costs are very low .
LIFE IS BEAUTIFUL
That 's only happened to me once , and the film was Life is Beautiful .
The strength of the movie relies on the goofy , loving , eccentric character played by Begnini , his exceptional comic talent and his ability as a director to deal with such a delicate topic like Nazism while managing to drive through a thick line bettween comedy and drama .
Life is beautiful was the recipient of numerous awards , including three Oscars as for best foreign picture , best actor and best original dramatic score .
What strikes me more was that , despite the fact that it 's set on the eve of the II world war , the film is n't really about the holocaust but is a bittersweet fable about human courage , love and hope .
If you already haven't seen it , which I doubt , I highly recommend it ; it will make you laugh out loud but also along the way you 'll find yourself cover in tears , I Guarantee .
Football , to me , is more than just a game .
I have learned a lot of things from it .
Football requires tremendous amounts of teamwork and sportsmanship to be successful .
We worked all summer in the weight room and ran on the track to get in physical and mental shape before the season .
You see , football is more of a mental sport than anything else , so running on the track was n't only about getting in shape . We would push our minds by running as hard as we could , even if we felt like we were going to pass out .
At the beginning , I was immature and only thought of myself , sometimes even giving up when I was tired or hurting .
Then , after the third game , I had a season - ending injury .
Imagine working all summer and then only being able to play three games !
I needed surgery on my arm and at least five months to recover .
Needless to say , I was sidelined for the rest of the season , but this actually helped me realize that , since you never know when your last play will be , you should try your hardest in football and life .
After freshman year , I decided that I would always give my best effort .
Being with all my friends , even sweating and bleeding with them , really made us bond as a group of hard - working young men I know will succeed in life .
High - school football is more than just a sport .
It is a learning ground for many to strengthen their personality and character for their lives .
One thing my coach always says is , "
Imagine that you have just run 100 sprints and a giant bear starts chasing you .
Are you just going to stand there and let it attack you because you are too tired ? "
The answer , of course , is no , because you can always put it in another gear , even if you think you need to give up .
This to me means that you can always control your attitude and effort .
So , no matter what , if you maintain a great attitude and always give whatever you 're doing your best effort , you will have no regrets .
I would like to suggest improving the website in the following ways .
First , it is difficult to navigate the current website version . We could move the search bar closer to the top in order to make it easier to find .
Besides , adding a schedule to the left section would be an advantage , as our customers would be able to find the option they need in a more convenient way .
Second , the theme is outdated , and developing a new design can be a good move to attract more clients .
Minimalistic design is both stylish and user - friendly , as it does not imply any elements requiring website visitors to load heavy modules , and there are no unnecessary banners that distract the user .
Third , implementing several advanced solutions , such as a calculator , a gallery and live chat , could make our page more useful .
As to other aspects of our website , it might be a good idea to enhance its performance by means of optimizing the code and removing advertisements ( which decrease the website 's value while bringing little profit ) .
Before focusing on the topic of technology itself , I would like to mention some aspects related to education .
First of all , Spanish educational laws are in Europe , and probably in the world , the only ones which have changed the most in the last 30 years .
This fact leads the teachers to be unsure of what they are doing .
Besides , there are no results that can be analysed or checked .
While public ones must obey governmental laws strictly , private schools have some privileges .
Knowing this about the Spanish education system , we can now talk about technology .
Teachers must learn how to use these new technological devices in order to get their students motivated .
Thus , this would help students know how the world has evolved and how it will be .
In other words , technology should be used as a tool for the students to be aware of the development of society and its advantages and disadvantages .
To the Mayor
I fear that such a huge move would damage businesses and many workers would lose their jobs .
At present , I am working for Cafe Noir , a well - known restaurant popular with visitors , many of whom have told me that if such a ban were introduced , they would would not enter into restaurants and , instead , they would meet friends at home .
On top of that , I think the amount of notice you have given people is unreasonable .
There needs to be much wider public debate , and if a majority agree , they should be given enough time to get used to it .
To support my argument , I would like to tell you what happened in my country when such a ban was introduced .
First , it was almost impossible to enforce it .
In the end , the government changed the law , encouraging people to provide non - smoking areas .
This approach strikes me as much more realistic and I urge you to reconsider it before it is too late .
The manufacturing process follows three main stages : designing , then producing , then consuming .
For a quick glimpse , this technology provides the ability to precisely clone any tangible object .
This directly affects the producing stage , allowing more efficient production .
Higher purchasing power means that we can buy more goods using the same amount of money .
You then could pay off your debt , get a new car , buy a new house , invest or retire , or do just about anything you would do if you currently have $ 10,000,000 in your bank account .
But why would the goods be cheaper ?
With competition giving him no choice at all , the producer is forced to abide by the market equilibrium .
In conclusion , this revolutionary technology has the potential to vastly improve the way we manufacture our goods , and in the process of doing that , benefit the whole world .
Dogs and cats are called " furkid " not only because their bodies are covered with fur , but also because their hosts regard their pets as kids .
I never realized that a furkid would enrich my life until I met Casino , a smart , patient and handsome Golden Retriever raised by my wife 's family .
Four days later , he suddenly passed away , and the day became our last memory together .
His body was cremated and buried on a mountain in northern Taiwan .
A sweet olive tree was planted with his ashes .
We visited him several times over the years , and decided to take the sweet olive tree home with us this year .
I miss Casino so much .
Ever since I met him , I have stopped feeling frighten when facing big dogs , and have even started to play with them .
Mrs Kate Ashby
Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
Besides , working in popular restaurants has enabled me to gain the ability to work as part of a team and under pressure , plus learning about a wide variety of international food and dishes .
I would be able to attend an interview at any time which is convenient to you .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Celeste Arenas
Dear Sir ,
I am writing this letter because I would really appreciate the opportunity to work as a camp counselor .
I am an 11th grade student from Barcelona , Spain .
I attend Sant Ignasi school and in the future I would really like to study medicine .
As for my experience with children , I have been a counselor for the last two years in a summer camp .
Furthermore , I have worked as a babysitter for the past year .
I believe I am suitable for the job as I am very enthusiastic and energetic .
I am hardworking as well .
But this time was special .
It was my brother 's birthday , so he said if we could go to a new restaurant called Muerde La Pasta .
I 've always Heard about that place , so I though it would be okay to go .
The restaurant is in Alcorcon . I have to say that it is a beautiful place , with a lot of beautiful lamps and a lot of space .
It 's a free buffet , so you can take everything you want … there are chips , pizza , all types of pasta and then there 's a lot of desserts and there 's no food limit haha .
The staff is so good , they are really helpful and they are always looking to see if you 've finished to take the dirty dishes away .
Honestly , I thought I would n't like the restaurant , but I was completely wrong .. I loved it !
It 's really worth it .
After a Year …
When I knew I would be assigned at Gala National High School , I said it 's the worst thing that had ever happened to my career .
But after a year , I was all wrong .
My first paragraph aptly expresses my exact realization .
Yes , Gala National High School has given me thousands of reasons to be happy and to feel blessed .
The school as a whole has become my great mentor .
It has taught me lessons I could n't have learned had I not been here - the lessons that do not only help me improve my teaching profession , but also help me become the right person of my ministry .
Gala has paved the way for me to become that teacher I long to see .
As to my colleagues , I am grateful to be in a small group of individuals who , most of the time , shares the same line of interest with me .
We are so small in a number , but that does not hinder us to hold any school program and activity at its best .
That is us - the teachers of Gala .
And that 's one thing I love the most .
My personal relationship with my co - teachers is the same as that of a typical Filipino family .
I may have hurt some of my colleagues in a certain circumstance , and they may have hurt me too , but at the end of the day , it 's always camaraderie among us that dominates .
As to my students , I feel really so fulfilled .
Their needs speak beyond intellectual hunger .
Every day , I have got to deal with students wearing different faces of life 's resentment .
Hence , the value of UNDERSTANDING the students , even beyond what the meaning of such a word can express , has been dramatically instilled in me .
These stories , once heard , can open somebody 's heart to learn to love learners despite everything .
As I have listened to my students , I have come to realize the very essence of my existence as their teacher .
Consequently , I have seen the need to attend to their needs .
I may have not perfectly carried out my responsibilities , but I know somehow in my one - year stay in Gala , I have made a difference to my students ' lives .
My everyday interaction with my students has been my everyday fulfillment .
Eventually , the huge challenge I have had has turned into my inspiration to do better in my job .
There were times I wanted to back off from the many demands of work , but I always found myself fighting .
The place , my colleagues , and my dear students are enough testimonies to the fact that , in Gala , I have found a home … and a family to love , really for real .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
I am the right person to do the job as I have always been interested in different kinds of food .
I like trying dishes from all over the world and I am keen on cooking and experimenting with new exotic cuisine .
I am really interested in applying for this job because I am an outgoing person and I am good at dealing with people .
In addition to this , I have broad experience in this field since I worked as a waitress during my last summer holiday .
As a consequence , I am prepared to work long hours .
I hope you will take my application into consideration because I have a great sense of responsibility and work very seriously .
I look forward to hearing from you at your earliest convenience .
Marina
What I can say is that I have been learning English since I was twelve , and it has been a pleasure from the start .
My first memory related to the English language is of lyrics ; I love pop music and used to translate songs composed by Elton John and Lennon and McCartney .
Next , I started to read books such as the Harry Potter series and books by George R. R. Martin .
I am also an attentive listener of BBC Radio Four .
These are my study methods , if I can say so .
What do people think about teenagers ?
Why rather negative ?
In my opinion , we should n't think like that .
At school , at home , they have to cope with lots of problems and try to solve them .
I strongly disagree that they are not experienced .
The young person has to be strong , try to understand the situation .
Tennagers also have to make serious decisions like choosing secondary school , future job , which way they will go in their life , if they want to be in a relationship with someone .
Those examples show that teenagers have to cope with lots of problems .
Most of them are able to .
Of course it 's only my opinion .
Ways to collect and record information for future generations
Finding the best way to collect and store information for the future is not just a problem in our working life but also in our private life .
That is the reason why our class attended a panel discussion on this specific topic .
Different ways of accumulating and storing information were presented at the discussion .
I would like to emphasise two options in this essay .
One way to get the information needed is to interview people from the neighbourhood and either write down what is being said or record it as an audio - file .
This way , you do not only gather plain data but also emotions from people .
Additionally , it happens that while speaking of a particular event , suddenly more memories and stories come to the narrator 's mind .
However , sometimes the narrator tends to fill in the gaps of his / her memory with imaginary parts or tries to embellish certain parts of the story .
Another interesting way to find out more about the past is to collect old photographs .
This is an impressive way to document a change over many years , but on the other hand , it is challenging to keep photographs in good condition .
For me personally , the best way to collect and record information for future generations is to interview people and to store the information in an appropriate way because of three reasons : Firstly , I have the chance of not getting just one story from a person , but maybe two or three more .
Thirdly , I do not have to be concerned about the loss of qualitiy of photographs and pictures .
When I was in Bali , I had a great night that I will always remember .
The dinner was delicious and we tasted lots of new flavours of Balinese food .
After dinner , we saw an interesting show of Balinese dance and music .
It was very big ... We could n't believe what we were seeing .
It was a very big and beautiful turtle !
But ...
We shouted and two waiters of the hotel came quickly .
They turned the turtle and took it to the water , where they freed it .
In terms of holidays , some people like to visit their own countries , while others prefer going abroad .
I think going abroad is much more exciting .
First of all , you do n't have to take very long trips .
Also , you can have the opportunity to discover new places just next to your home .
Besides , this type of vacation is usually less expensive than going abroad .
On the other hand , many people prefer visiting other countries .
Actually , they like the idea of visiting an unknown land , where everything is different , from the weather to the habits .
Furthermore , they also like going abroad to visit important and famous cities around the world , like Paris , Madrid , New York .
In my opinion , traveling to a foreign country makes people open their minds to other cultures .
In fact , going abroad is a nice way to make new friends , try new things and improve a foreign language .
It was three in the morning when the phone rang .
I was just about to go to bed when I suddenly heard the phone and I got scared because I was alone at home , and I thought that it could be serious news .
It was in August , my parents and my brother were on holiday in Mallorca for a week , and that same day my sister and her boyfriend had travelled from Yecla to Paris in a package travel .
At that moment , I thought that an accident or a similar something had happened to my family , but fortunately it was n't so .
They did n't have mobile phones because it happened a long time ago .
The film I 'd like to talk about is " Secret Life of Walter Mitty " .
The main character , Walter Mitty , works in a well - known magazine , " Life " , as a manager of photo negatives .
One day he gets a parcel from a famous traveller .
Unfortunately , Walter can not find the shot , so he has to look for the traveller , which is not easy .
In the end , he manages to meet the traveller and find out where the shot is .
If you like complicated stories about dreams and how to make them come true , this story is definitely for you .
Heading towards Tolmin & after passing the famous Solkan Bridge , turn right and follow the road to the left .
You will find there a parking area and some ball courts , and on further exploration , just after the basketball courts & walking towards that famous bridge that you can now see much better , a restaurant .
For seasonal food served by obliging & good - humoured waiters , you will find nowhere better .
In summer , that boiler of dark liquid beside the entrance might be Kopriva chai , a summer herbal digestif , favoured by the villagers of the region , or you might be offered a world war one menu such as soldiers may have eaten in this area .
I would like to talk to you about a musical which I saw recently .
It is called " Les Miserables " and has much to recommend it , including the plot , the cast and , of course , the soundtrack .
The film is set in France in the nineteenth century .
Just after the French Revolution .
It is an adaptation from the original book " Les Miserables " by Victor Hugo .
The idea lying behind the story is that justice and the law are not the same thing .
Then , after being left free , he become a thief again , however this time he is not condemned because of a prier .
But do not worry , I am not going to spoil the ending .
Regarding the soundtrack , I can only say that since I saw the film I can not help singing every song all the time .
All in all , I think that it is one of the best films ever made .
Travelling by car is becoming more convenient .
Cars are improving , becoming safer and more environment friendlier .
A lot of effort has been put into reducing the exhaust fumes , etc .
Together with that , more people are getting familiar with driving and feeling more confident about driving their own car .
Once you know for yourself how comfortable it is to have a car , there 's very little chance you will go back to public transport .
However , there might be still room for public transport in the future , especially in big cities .
I mean the underground in the first place .
It is very economical in terms of time , distance and people capacity .
As for buses , they might be history in decades to come .
The lead actors were well - known tv stars .
The show was based on the journey of a married couple , living in India , who get separated due to some misunderstandings .
The couple have 4 kids and , after separation , 2 kids live with their mom and 2 with their dad .
The dad , who is a cardiologist , moves to the US and starts a new life there .
The mom , on the other hand , decides to stay back and works hard to give her children a decent life .
The show starts with the eldest daughter , who lives with her mother , trying to contact her father to ask him to be a part of her wedding ceremony .
The father , who had vowed to never look back , at first ignores her requests , however , upon insistence from his other children and his sister , agrees to go back to India .
The rest of the show is based on the interactions between all 4 children and how they work together to unite their family .
It 's a typical Indian soap opera in which love conquers over everything .
Although not very practical , the show is fun to watch as it brings out the Indian values and , at the same time , teaches the importance of women being independent and able to lead life on their own .
However , the attitude that I have is not very appropriate for entrepreneurship .
It is important to underline that the driving factors ( motivation ) determine the behaviour of an entrepreneur and show the reasons for acting .
In the test were accessed the answers and I was found out as a person that has high control appeal , meaning that I have great leading skills and a need to organize and to moderate .
In the motivation part , I also received a high score in need of challenges , as I prefer to take difficult projects because I believe that they might develop my knowledge and abilities .
Moreover , it is really important for me to be my own boss , even though it needs much more responsibilities .
Nevertheless , in the test , I received fewer points in " need for achievement / success " than it was required for being an entrepreneur .
As I found out , there were two problems about lack of points .
The first one was based on the profit orientation of the entrepreneur in the test .
The second problem was based on the essential role of getting a feedback .
However , the test evaluated as important feedback parents and friends opinion and I do not agree that it might be essential , unless they are specialists in that field .
PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
Everyone likes something more or less , even when it comes to little things .
It is certain that each of us loves to travel , but everyone likes the most comfortable means of transport .
For me , the best way to travel is train , because I think this mode of transportation has the most pros .
One of the things that is very important to me is the price .
If we check the prices of air travel , we can be disappointed , as well as of travel by boat .
Fortunately , the train tickets are cheaper .
Another very important thing is the travel time .
A plane flies very quickly , but you have to be at the airport at least an hour earlier .
In the case of a ship , travel time is immense .
After the summary is to certify that travelling by train is the most advantageous , but the most important reason why I chose journey by train is a fact that I have a motion sickness , and I 'm afraid to fly .
At the end of a decade in which technology has made enormous leaps , I am thinking about how much our present vision of the house will change in the future .
Most of the homes have walls , doors , windows and are built on solid ground .
Furthermore , they have flat or sloping roofs , one or more floors .
Some are situated in the neighbourhood of parks , forests or lakes .
They often do not use the popular brick but glass , wood , plastic .
But can you imagine that in the near , unspecified future , all homes will be like that ?
I think quite a few scientists still surprise us , and the house of the future will go beyond the limits of our imagination .
DEVELOPMENTS IN THE TEACHING OF ENGLISH IN SPAIN
In the early 1980s , the activity in the classroom was focused on grammar .
However , speaking , listening activities and the massive use of I.T . mark the schedule nowadays .
All these changes make the learning process much more fun , creative and practical for the students .
The new teaching approach is based on how students can effectively use the language , rather than on the knowledge of the language they actually have .
This new outlook on the teaching procedures consists of the use of the so - called alternative assessment as a way to evaluate learners ' skills .
The main reason for that could be found by overlooking the matters related to new teaching methods developed recently .
In the year 2020 , there was conflict between Japan and the United states .
This conflict was an incentive for clothing stores to sell new and weird things for a higher price .
Law enforcers also wanted for their country to win , and in the United States , policemen arrested any Japanese person they saw and sent them back to Japan .
The Japanese government made a competition to see which of their citizens was the best trend - setter .
The winner 's reward was the ability to rule over Japan for a day .
After two years , the winner was decided , and he made Japan go into poverty .
The winner had changed Japan 's landscape , what once was the amazing city of Tokyo now was a sad and dirty city .
Japan lost a lot , but it was able to get back up on its feet .
Everyone was happy for some time and true peace between the countries of the world had been achieved , but then the United States enslaved Canada and tried to enslave Japan as well , but they were able to defend themselves .
A new era was created , it was the most brutal time period in the history of mankind , it was known as many things . Most people named it " The Japan Era " , but it was so brutal that the official name was " The Dark Yellow Era " .
The landscapes are really wonderful .
The buildings , dresses , and habits of the population are displayed in full detail .
We will discover the importance of a unique fragrance and how to mix the ingredients in the right proportions .
This idea will create the atmosphere to tell us a story about crime and passion .
Finally , we will discover a fantastic ending that we would never imagine through the movie watching .
Nevertheless , this is not an all audiences movies , because it contains hard scenes not suitable for children .
If people can rent this movie or watch it online , I would encourage to them watch it as fast as possible .
Few other modern movies are so great in comparison .
The two hours that you will spend watching the movie will become unique in your life .
Apart from that , there are many other benefits in buying a car instead of using buses or the underground every day .
For example , driving a car , we can wear whatever we want and listen to the music on any volume .
Additionally , if we are eager to travel outside the town in order to have some rest from a hectic rhythm of life , it will be more comfortable for us to use our cars .
Car accidents are the typical reason for this phenomenon .
This makes travelling by public transport much safer .
In conclusion , I believe that public transport will eventually lose its dominance due to the fact that all people want to be independent and travel on their own .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She was woken up very early by the sun coming through her window .
She opened her sleepy eyes , smiled gently and got up from her bed idly .
She went downstairs to the cosy bathroom and had a shower .
After that , she dressed up and went to the kitchen to make a breakfast .
She turned on the music and started to prepare a healthy meal .
After aeting a delicious salad and drinking tea , she went to her room to do her hair and put the make - up on .
While she was getting ready , she heard a door bell .
Anna 's mother looked at her tenderly and hugged her once again .
She came in and noticed that her daughter is a little nervous , so she decided to make a coffee , and sit and talk for a while .
They looked really cheerful and excited .
They quickly took her upstairs to the room .
After some time , her friends came down and told Anna 's mother , that she is ready and she is going to come in a while .
She stood up and looked at her daughter coming down the stairs .
Anna looked incredibly beautiful .
It 's your big day .
One of the most important moments in your life .
I am so happy " said mother with a tear in her eye .
It was Anna 's wedding day .
Aiming high !
My all - time favourite sport is basketball .
I started playing at the age of seven , when my mother encouraged me to join a basketball club .
It was very enjoyable from the onset , and has been a fantastic experience to learn the sport together with other children .
Another key factor was the coach , who knew how to convey the skills and techniques to children .
Moreover , I was fascinated by the feeling of belonging to a team in which each member shares the same goals and values .
This is an important feature that will also help anyone in all spheres of life .
One also learns to work hard and be disciplined in order to achieve success .
All these points have led to me playing basketball for almost thirty years now and I 'm still hooked by it .
When choosing a club , I believe it 's important that an experienced coach is present who knows how to teach the basics .
Yours faithfully ,
F.
One of my favorite restaurants in Málaga is called Sun and Shine .
It is situated in the city center , near the seaport .
It is a different kind of restaurant , because you can find not only the typical Spanish food , but also dishes from different parts of the world .
On the other hand , the surroundings are modern , the place is airy and cosy .
The waiters are very welcoming and informative , so you feel very comfortable .
All the ingredients are very fresh and of the highest quality .
In my opinion , the salad is the best option , with a big range of types from different countries .
My favorite one is the Italian salad , because it is healthy and the sauce they use is savoury and strange .
Finally , I really recommend this restaurant , especially for couples or friends that want to try something different and newfangled .
Dear Paul ,
I hope all is well with you .
I 'd like to thank you for the lovely experience you offered me .
I really enjoyed helping out at the concert last month .
Unfortunately , we did n't get the chance to see each other that night .
I suppose you 'd like to hear about my experience .
I started the evening by welcoming everyone and appointing them their seats .
I enjoyed this very much , because I got the chance to meet a lot of people .
Later that evening , I worked behind the bar .
During two hours , I served drinks .
What I enjoyed the most , was helping backstage , where I got the chance to meet the artists .
They were such nice people and really appreciated my help .
At the end of the evening , I worked at the parking lot .
All in all , a great experience ! You can rely on my help next year !
Thanks again for the lovely experience !
Regards ,
Camille .
Dear visitors ,
When you are visiting Lancaster you can discover many historic sights , such as the Castle and Priory , the Judges Lodgings or the Ashton Memorial , which overlooks the city .
Whatever you need , someone in Lancaster will sell it to you .
Whether you want a fancy bottle of wine , a secondhand wedding dress or an antique clock , you will find it in Lancaster .
If youe are leaving the main roads and turn into the little alleys , you will find charming tea rooms and goregeous antique shops with a wide range of ancient goods .
However , if you are looking for little goodies for your family members , you should visit the shop close to the castle .
Twice a week , a street market offers guests and residents a wide range of daily goods which have been harvested in the area and are sold by locals .
From soldiers who served in the trenches of France to the ceremonial functions in the nation 's Capital .
Nathan Cirillo is remembered as one of those soldiers .
A member of The Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders of Canada , he was killed at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier in October 2014 .
He was standing guard , at the memorial , when he was shot dead from behind at point blank .
One year later a commemoration of his passing was celebrated .
Unarmed , at attention , and protecting the memory of those who gave the ultimate sacrifice , his last moments and those who came to his assistance , exemplify the true meaning of being Canadian .
Canada is a peaceful nation always ready to wear the uniform when called upon by its country .
Events like these confirm that Canada is no longer immune to attacks on home soil .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in reply to your advertisement in the European Observer of April 7th for a post at USA Summer Camp .
I would welcome an opportunity to work in the USA this summer in order to practise my English .
Cheerfulness is in my nature and I am used to working hard . I would be happy to support the USA Summer Camps team in every aspect .
I am also experienced with children , having looked after my sister 's daughters , aged 9 , 11 and 14 for years now .
Whenever possible , I take the girls out for a swim or a ride on their bikes .
In the evenings , singing , dancing and torchlight walks are a good alternative to watching TV .
Finally , cooking is a hobby of mine and I would be happy to work in the kitchens too .
I look forward to receiving your reply at your earliest convenience .
Patrick
Eating with strangers .
In the growing " sharing " economy , online communities are offering peer to peer for almost anything .
One of my favourite is eatwith.com .
The best thing about this web is that it is very easy to use .
First , you have to select the city ; New York , Barcelona , etc .
Second , you choose a menu and make a reservation .
There 's nothing like share a meal with local people , it offers you the possibility to glean information from someone who lives in the place .
It was the most exciting and beautiful party I have ever been to .
It was a pleasant journey that lasted only two hours .
When we arrived in Barcelona , we went by taxi to the hotel , which my brother had previously booked , and there we met with other relatives : my brother , his wife , my nephews and , of course , my niece ( the bride ) .
My brother 's wife 's close relatives were also there .
After lunch we could have a nap or start to prepare for the wedding .
I managed to make my mother have a siesta , so that she was more energetic for the party .
The marriage ceremony took place at a wonderful church , there were flowers everywhere , live music , three hundred guests and , of course , the bride and the bridegroom , the most beautiful and happy couple I have ever seen as far as I can remember .
Hundreds of photos were taken before , during and after the wedding .
A historic building in one of the most luxurious places in Barcelona .
There were delicious snacks and drinks before the dinner .
Taking a break between leaving school and starting college seems unnecessary .
Some of us are afraid to travel because of the newborn cases of ISIS terrorism .
Terrorism is everywhere .
Not many of us are going to risk our lives , especially when we all know we are going to have a fresh start in college .
However , for those who really need to fork out money to pay college loans , it is best for them to take a year off and work part - time at a cafe , or somewhere remotely interesting .
However , some just want to have some fun , after years in high school , after so many years of break - ups , after so many years of eating cafeteria food , it is time to find some enjoyable time with quality friends and with mouth - watering food .
They just want to forget about the past and focus on the present .
In their minds , it is all about having fun , but is it really what it is ?
What if they forget themselves ?
What if drugs , alcohol , cigarettes took over their lives ?
Is that how they want to start college ?
The real question is , do they want to actually be an alcoholic and a drug addict when they enter college ?
Look , they are still very young and they are all prone to bad influences through parties without parental control .
Hence , if there is no reason to take a year off , just go to college and start studying .
There is absolutely no time to waste your youth on drugs and alcohol .
2 years ago , I was a bad guy who wanted to fight anyone , so no one wanted to be my friend .
One day in the post office , I had an argument with a man who studied in the same university as me , and I challenged him to fight with me : I thought it would solve the problem between us .
He did not want to fight with me because he was smaller than me , so he just ignored me and walked away .
That made me get crazy and angry , so I knocked him down with only one punch .
After that , he told the teacher who was responsible for that class , and she called me into her room and asked me questions .
At that time , I was really proud of myself that I could beat him so easily .
The day after , I was thinking deeply and just realized that I was wrong and should not hurt him because I was angry .
I decided to talk to him and asked him to forgive me .
I felt relieved he forgave me .
Hi , my name is Priscila and I have just realized that I am a writer , too .
I am Brazilian and I started to learn how to write in Portuguese when I was 7 years old .
I think this period when we start to write is magical , because we can access an entire new communication world .
From 7 to 18 years old , I mainly wrote for school during classes , homework , and tests .
When I was 16 , I lived in Nicholson - PA - USA .
I was an exchange student and attended high school there .
This experience was very important and made me more confident about my English skills .
Back to Brazil , during college I started researching and writing about economics .
I love economics , so I kept studying and I have got a masters and a PHD degree in labor economics .
I had to write a dissertation and a thesis and , I will not lie , these writing processes were very hard , but I learned a lot about academic writing .
Today , I work as an economics professor at the Federal University of Goias , in Brazil .
Because of my work , I have to write all the time , to my students , to my colleagues and to the academic community in general .
I want to discuss the results of my research with everyone that is interested in it , from Brazil or from any other place in the world .
Therefore , for me , writing in English , now , is more important than ever .
I expect that this course will help me develop my English skills , so that I can write my papers , communicate and discuss my research in a more effective way .
In the modern world , public transport has become less important as travelling by car is said to be more convenient . Travelling by car also reduces their time of journey and they do n't need to wait for a particular bus .
It may also be because , as people are getting richer , they do n't need to go for a public transport as a more comfortable option is always there waiting for them .
Though public transport is more advantageous to the environment , people just want to get their personal needs satisfied .
But this is not true .
More usage of vehicles may cause serious problems such as depletion of natural resources and environmental issues such as pollution .
Although the maintenance cost of car is quite expensive , it does not stop people from using cars , since convenience matters to them the most and not money .
Many people think that public transport is only for the poor and not for the rich .
Everyone should remember , " Nature has enough resources to satisfy our needs , not our greed . "
On the one hand , an advantage of studying in your own country is that you would be able to share with people with the same problems during their learning process as you .
However , a major drawback would be the lack of exposure to the language that is intended to be learnt .
On the other hand , the most important advantage of studying abroad would be precisely , the exposure , which would help you understand the language from native speakers ' point of view and be aware of how some expressions or words are actually used .
However , as a disadvantage , we must consider the cost of studying abroad , because it can be rather expensive .
To sum up , the best way of learning English , or rather the best place to do it , depends on each person 's means and learning style , but definitely it is possible to acquire a second language both at home and abroad .
People prefer to meet happiness and positive thinking then talking about a death and a suffering .
They want to skip this day and move to Easter Sunday- the day of happiness and renewal .
Accordingly , the author compares the Easter to a pagan spring festival , where people were joyful because of spring coming just as a Christians 's is cheerfulness of the Resurrection .
2 . We flinch from consideration of Good Friday because we do not like thinking of a sad situation .
Today people are not willing to sacrifice themselves for other people .
Everyone is individual and worries about themselves , because it is an easier way to live .
Above all , people are not used to undergo suffering and , what is more brutal , death .
4 . The author mentions the origin of the word ' compassion ' , in order to remind people of the meaning of that word .
Not only do they run away from uncomfortable situations , but they also prefer to see them on screens .
Actually , they choose the Good Life , because they can not cope with their own suffering without cultural understanding .
I want to write about the best vacation I ever had .
It took place about two years ago .
My school friends and me went to the Dominican Republic , it 's a Caribbean country with amazing beaches .
Even though I do n't like places like that , I rather enjoyed this trip a lot .
Maybe it was because I was with my friends and I could find many ways to spend my time with them or it could also be the great environment .
I remember we got there on the first of October on a Saturday night , and I will never forget the rush of warmth I felt as soon as I stepped out of the plane .
First , I thought that it was something else causing the warmth , but later on I learned that the weather was like that all the time and I just had to get used to it .
When we got to the resort , we all checked in and went to our designated rooms . I was sharing a room with my friend Emily .
After unpacking , we left our room to see the rest of the resort .
We found a club , 3 big pools , sports fields and , of course , the amazing beach , though we could n't see much of it because it was really dark at night .
The next day , we made sure to go to the beach early and we had a blast with our other friends .
This went on until the last day of our trip .
We were , obviously , sad because this amazing time was ending but happy as well for the memories we shared together . I will remember this vacation for the rest of my life .
Television is one of the most important inventions of the last century since it has had a great impact on societies around the world .
Since Television was launched to the market , it has acquired other purposes besides entertaining , such as communicating and advertising , that is way the possibility of it having educational purposes has been widely discussed .
Television can certainly educate , it has great potential for doing so , because of the way it presents information and the scope of people it can achieve .
Television can educate through content whose main purpose at first was entertaining .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
First of all , I would like to point out that I have some experience in the area , since I have worked as a group leader before .
Last year I was in Canada and two years ago I fulfilled the same role in England .
Everywhere I have worked before , I have been praised for being very organised and having the ability to deal with unexpected situations successfully .
I like to consider myself an energetic person .
Usually , I do n't have much time to spend on myself , since I am always occupied with something .
As for my cooking abilities , I used to work as a kitchen assistant during the summertime .
If you do , I would also like to be sent the accommodation details , if possible , to the following address : 62Dssy7@gmail.com .
If you need any other details , let me know so that I can send them to you as soon as possible .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
P.S. I have attached my CV
Dear Sir or Madam :
I am writing in response to your advertisement , which I saw in the International Newspaper to apply for the job in the USA Summer Camps .
I would describe myself as a sociable , responsible , trustworthy and hardworking person which likes working with children .
For all these reasons , I feel that I have a lot to offer your summer camp .
I enclose my CV and I would be glad to attend an interview at any time convenient for you .
I look forward to hearing from you very soon .
Yours faithfully ,
My favorite sport is Football , but it is not a sport that I like to practise , it 's a sport to watch because it 's beautiful , very cool and very exciting to support a team in a championship .
I 've always loved to watch soccer , since I was a little kid , because my father was a great fan of the biggest team in Brazil , Flamengo .
Actually , in his honor I had a Flamengo shield tattooed on my back on the left side because there was n't a better way to pay homage to him than a Flamengo tattoo .
The World Cup is happening now in my country , Brazil .
I love it when this event happens , so many incredible games going on , the best players of the world , three games per day at the start , and with very good - looking players .
I do n't know what exactly happens , but in every World Cup the atmosphere changes , everybody gets happier , Mc Donalds launches the tastiest hamburgers , people go out to watch games with friends in bars or they meet in somebody 's house .
I love the World Cup , however i certainly would have preferred it if it had been in another country .
I love to run because I think it is good for my mental and physical health .
Just running 30 minutes a day , you can improve your physical activity , lose weight , and improve your brain .
Also , it helps you to release the daily stress and is a good motivator .
Everybody needs to know about the benefits they can get from running .
You start walking 10 minutes each day , then for 20 minutes and you can add more minutes till you start running for 30 minutes and then for an hour .
The best place to run is a nice spot close to the park .
You just need a pair of running shoes and clothes appropriate for the weather .
In winter , you need to put on heavy clothes , while in summer lighter clothes , a hat and a pair of glasses will be all you need .
It is very important to put some sunblock on your face , neck and hands .
Sometimes , you feel that you do n't want to do it , but believe , once you put on your shoes , things change and you enjoy the running as you do it all the time .
It started a few years ago when I was a little overweight .
Being a person that loves sports , it is hard for me to see myself gaining pounds through the years .
After three months , I was running faster and the pain in my heels disappeared .
After six months I was running almost 2 miles each day .
So , do n't be lazy , get up and start running .
It is a great journey that is worth it !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to express my interest in applying for the Sample Analyst position in your Laboratory .
I hold a Master 's degree in Environmental Biology and , previously , I have had the opportunity to work on international research projects that would provide me with the skills sets I need to be an effective fit in your laboratory .
This opportunity appeals enormously to me and I feel confident that I can meet the challenges presented by such a role .
While engaged in diverse experiences ( including my research internship , environmental volunteer service , and other types of employment ) , I have maintained standards of excellence at university and demonstrated my ability to take on a number of responsibilities as well as to effectively manage multiple concurrent projects while meeting deadlines .
As an intern in a biological laboratory , I have been trained to quickly learn new fields , think through problems in an analytical manner and maintain flexibility within a demanding schedule .
Moreover , through my internship experience , I have acquired good analytical , quantitative and computer skills .
Please find attached my Curriculum Vitae for your review .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
Should you need any additional information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
Yours faithfully ,
Valentina Toscano
Dear Ms. Herrmann
Therefore , I was very interested to read on your website that you have a new position as an Analytical Team Member .
An apprenticeship as a chemical lab technician in a high standard company and a Bachelor of Life Sciences with Specialization in analytical chemistry make me a highly suitable candidate for the position .
Furthermore , I have worked successfully for a year after my apprenticeship with different kind of analytical methods and I could improve my knowledge in this area .
This job in Development would enable me to transfer my learned proficiency into practice in your company .
I am looking forward to discussing this and other eligibility in an interview with you .
Please contact me by telephone + 41 61 123 45 67 at any time .
Thank you in advance for considering my application .
Yours sincerely
She is the narrator of the story .
from her outter look seems like a little girl .
She is dark haired , very thin and small .
She does not like to dress like a lady . Even when aunt Alexandra tries to make a lady out of her , Scout refuses to dress or speak like one .
From the outside to her inner qualities .
Scout is a really smart girl .
Her intelligence in young age was a Problem for her teacher , Miss Caroline , because she had never had such a well - educated pupil before .
Due to that , Scout gets bored and starts to hate school .
Furthermore , Scout often reacts very impulsive , mostly in young age .
She goes after Walter Cunningham after she gets in trouble on his behalf .
Also , when she had trouble with her cousin , because she called Atticus a " nigger - lover " , Scout beats her up .
In the first part of the novel , fighting is a technique that works for Scout .
For her , it is a method to make her mind clear .
Later on , Scout begins to understand , not least because of her father and brother , that it is important to think before talking .
Somehow , she reverts back to her old ways .
To conclude , Scout is a smart girl with two sides .
On the one hand , Scout acts very impulsive and is an obstreperous tomboy , but on the other hand , she is very clever and more adult than others in her age .
Scout always develops the story .
Dear Ali ,
How are things with you ?
Are you still working all the hours God sends preparing for your exams ?
I 'm sorry I haven't written for ages , but I was very busy with the school project I had to do this month .
Thanks again for all your help .
I 'm very glad I can finally do something for you after everything you 've done for me .
So , you need information about my country 's eating customs ?
Well then , let 's start with the time we eat and what we eat at those moments here in Holland .
On weekdays , Dutch people take their breakfast , which usually consists of a few sandwiches , somewhere between 7.00 and 8.00 a.m. In the weekend , we tend to sleep in and , therefore , take our breakfast a bit later .
Around 12.00 a.m. , most people have lunch , which also consists of sandwiches and is just as light as breakfast .
When the clock strikes 6.00 p.m. , it 's time for dinner , the only warm meal of the day as well as the heaviest meal of the day .
Let me also tell you something about traditional Dutch meals .
In my opinion , some of them are absolutely revolting .
Those pancakes are called " poffertjes " .
They can be eaten any time of the day , for breakfast , lunch , supper ...
Whole generations are brought up with this dish , yummy as it is .
Is this enough information for your project ?
If you want to know more about Dutch eating habits , just write to me , and I 'll write back , giving you any other information you might need .
Anyway , I really need to stop now , since I have got to get down to my homework .
All the best with your project ,
Suzanne
My favourite way to travel is most definitely by plane .
There are many reasons why plane travel is the way to go .
First , on a plane , I can get to my destination much faster .
This means I can actually go places .
I can make it a quick trip , too .
I can go to Paris for a long weekend , for example .
The plane will get me there quickly so that I can have
go shopping , eat some lovely French meals , drink lots of wine and return before work on Monday .
I went on an Alaskan cruise in 1997 .
It was freezing cold and most of the time we
were just sitting on the ship with nothing to do but eat .
I also got sea sick .
I definitely do n't recommend it .
Trains are also boring , unless you take a bullet train , and I get motion sickness .
Therefore , when it comes to speed and being able to go places , planes are definitely the best type of transportation available .
I highly recommend a plane trip as soon as possible .
No wonder most training includes intercultural communication and cultural awareness courses .
And the longer you stay in a place different from what you are accustomed to , the more opportunities you have to really understand what makes people behave a certain way , what they really like and dislike and how their community works .
It was a calm evening .
One could almost feel the silence .
It was as if a huge storm was coming .
No one in the neighborhood had a clue of what was about to happen in the next few hours .
All of a sudden there was a loud voice that echoed through the neighborhood , and one can almost imagine the silence shattering like a glass .
Not knowing where the sound had come from , they were pulling out smartphones from their robes and jamming their fingers on the screen .
Almost all of them were heard shouting in panic " There has been a terrorist attack in our neighborhood " .
But there was only one person who knew what and where that explosion had occurred .
He was in disbelief , flabbergasted , never expecting that the person living next door would do something so heinous .
Just a day before Michael , was arguing with his friends that Rasheed was a very nice guy .
Well educated , open - minded , a liberal at best .
He has been living in the U.K . for the past 20 years .
After briefing the call respondent about every detail that he had known about Rasheed .
He darted towards the backyard , jumped over the hedges .
Sprinted towards what seemed like flames , only to find Rasheed standing across it , blood protruding from his right hand .
In just a split second the whole incident was explained .
What Michael thought to be a terrorist attack was a gas cylinder exploding .
First came the confusion and then remorse .
Knowing that he had jeopardized his friendship with Rasheed , he quietly returned to his house .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Shopping can be seen as the most effective way to spend free time .
Shopping became the way of life for some people , who find it as a hobby as well as a pleasant activity .
However , it is not always enjoyable .
Shopping without purchasing anything tends to be exhausting .
There is also a possibility of buying unnecessary items .
Nonetheless , the value of time is as important as money .
The main reason for this is the fact that free time could be spent in a more sophisticated way .
The public transport system is overburdened today .
Also , the increase in disposable income has given more buying power to consumers .
Public transport can not rival the sheer mobility that cars offer to their owners .
Cars have the ability to take you from your home to your place of work , without any stopovers .
If you have to take a train , you have to reach the train station by walking , taking a taxi or taking a bus .
Cars make it easier to transport children and luggage .
They are safer and cleaner .
Cars are here to stay .
The same , however , can not be said about public transport .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
Her cherry - red face glistened vigorously in the golden brown sunset like a perfectly baked pastry , as the last of the sun 's rays beamed down over the horizon .
Stepping through the crisp autumn leaves , Alison could hear them crackling and crunching under her feet , filling the night with sounds from the past .
At this point , the vivid strands of grass were hardly visible ; the darkness had covered them like a blanket on a new born baby .
Finally , after a few minutes of walking , Alison approached a tree .
She sat down in the freezing cold night shivering nervously as she watched the mud from the ground stain her obsidian black leggings .
In the distance was the sound of panting , it came like a gust of wind in the still silent night .
In the blink of an eye , a small dark figure sped over to Alison .
It jumped around ferociously as if everything was just a game and that is when Alison realised things were now so much better than before ...
Choosing a favorite season would be difficult because they are all special to me .
They each have something to offer and are unique in every way .
Winter is one of my favorites because it is so beautiful to see everything covered with a white sheet of snow .
It also cools you down from all the heat left from the summer and into the fall .
You have fun with your family making snow angels and have snowball fights .
You are comfortable wearing a light jacket outside instead of a heavy warm coat .
The birds start chirping early in the morning .
It lets you know that summer is near and so is summer vacation .
There is no more school and you can go to sleep late and wake up late .
Relatives visit or you can visit them .
You can also do some traveling and explore new places .
Relaxing in the pool on a floating lounge chair enjoying cold lemonade is the ultimate experience .
Autumn is also a great season because of all the colorful leaves falling even though they are a hassle to pick up , especially in the pools .
You can have fun walking with friends and admiring the different shades of colors on the leaves .
The different colors warm your soul .
Autumn is such a calm season .
The leaves turn beautiful tones of yellow , orange , and red .
Everyone is starting over with a new class , a new teacher , and some new friends .
You get such a warm feeling .
It 's such a peaceful time .
Now you know why I can not choose one of the seasons .
All of them are special in every way .
I love them all .
I 'm just glad I get to enjoy every single one .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Natalia Maciejewska Quiñónez and I am a citizen of Castellón .
I am writing this letter to inform you about a serious problem that we are having in the city .
Recently , things have been disappearing from our homes .
We have called the police , but they ignore us .
The first few days , they patrolled the city and helped us .
However , now it seems that they do not care what happens .
The police should help and make sure that we are safe , right ?
I would like the local town council to help us find out what is happening .
People are afraid and we need help urgently .
Thank you ,
Natalia
My parents always supported me , they always believed that I could do this .
When I was taking a walk through the neighbourhood , I saw this poster about the musical wicked and they were looking for someone to play the lead .
Of course , I took this opportunity and two weeks later I had to do an audition .
I felt like I messed up , but the next day I got a call that I got the role .
I trained weeks for this , I took extra singing and acting classes .
I did n't speak for days to spare my voice .
My friends and family were there to support me .
Suddenly the curtains opened , the show started !
It is also important , though , not to underestimate all the educational possibilities that it gives you , as sometimes you can learn more from a documentary than from a school book .
What emerged from the discussion we had in class , is that plenty of students spend their free time watching useless reality or TV shows , procrastinating instead of studying for school .
On the other hand , it is difficult to focus and pay attention while you are in front of a TV screen .
Getting distracted is extremely likely , therefore people watching educational programs may end up switching the TV off or turning over to another channel , as a good movie or any other entertainment is way more appealing .
Dear Mr. Leader ,
I 'm glad I met you and your group of overseas students .
I 'm sure that you wo n't be disappointed with the town I live in because there is a lot to see !
To my mind , you 're probably totally exhausted because of travel and those few first days when you had to get to know your new surroundings .
In the public garden there are two ponds ( really nice place to sit and admire the landscape ) , an antique wooden church , a swimming pool .
There is also quite a big concert hall where , if you have luck , you can enjoy some interesting concerts ( in general for free ) .
I think it 'll be a perfect place where you can spend some free time .
I can show you around the place and tell you a bit more about the city .
I can also recommend other places worth seeing in Bytom .
Take care ,
Wydra
Dear Sir or Madam ,
when I saw your advertisement , I instantly thought that I would like to work in one of your summer camps .
My name is Seraina Fennstermacher , I live in Switzerland at the moment , although I grew up in the U.S. I have two children myself , and I always liked working with children .
Since my younger child moved out last year I have a lot of free time , so I would love to spend the summer working in one of your camps .
I am an outgoing and happy person and like to be around people .
Even though cooking is not my favorite chore , I would n't mind to work in the kitchens .
After this short description of myself , I would just like to say that I have only heard good things about your summer camps from my relatives in the U.S. , so it would be my pleasure to work for you .
I hope to hear back from you ,
Yours faithfully ,
Seraina Fennstermacher
Dear Sir / Madam
I am writing to you with concern about the U - turns your party have made in your broke promises .
Security against terrorism atacks were promised to be step up , but policemen are not seen in the streets and neither are security cameras .
People really need these improvements and you only gave them fake hopes .
One of the most disappointing topics is that you played down the situation we are living in and the necessities people has .
We were told this party would speak out against corruption , but now it is your own policy , and promises seem like they were a bad joke .
You made huge U - turns by raising taxes and changing your policies .
Fortunately , we discovered the real policy this party has and is really coming under fire .
Yours faithfully ,
Lara Calvillo
Line of Duty , a powerful and gripping drama that gets the nation talking
Line of Duty is a British police drama , created by Jed Mercurio , about the investigations of AC-12 , a controversial Police Anti - Corruption Unit .
A large list of characters appears through the episodes , being the common thread that connects the two seasons the regular ones : Martin Compston ( as DS Steve Arnott ) , Vicky McClure ( as DC Kate Fleming ) and Adrian Dunbar ( as PSupt Ted Hastings ) .
Both of them share a superior , Hastings , who remains the ethically upstanding senior investigating officer ; zealous and suspicious , not being everyone 's cup of tea .
Their scenes are repeatedly stolen , though , by the real stars of the show , the officers who are under suspicion of corruption : Lennie James ( DCI Tony Gates ) in the first season , and Keeley Hawes ( DI Lindsay Denton ) in the second one .
With calculated precision , the plot hatches a story where there are no goodies and baddies , and throws in a few twists and turns that makes your mouth drop -indeed , Detective Chief Inspector Tony Gates has adopted a set of particular ethics principles and , nevertheless , he 's adored by his loyal team , has got a nice family and has recently been awarded " Officer of the Year " .
To conclude , those who ultimately felt miserable after the end of the spellbinding second season need not worry ; line of Duty writer Jed Mercurio has been commissioned by the BBC to write the third and fourth series , and if you haven't tried it before , you 've just about got time to catch up .
Were you a UK tourist coming to Switzerland for a short weekend break fifteen years ago , you would have found yourself in a situation that no shops would have Sunday opening hours .
But the situation is completely different now !
But it is an improvement , to say the least !
Although the size of an average supermarket in Switzerland will still remind you of a medium - size village shop , there has been improvement there as well !
One can choose between organic and low - fat products , some of which are produced far from our shores .
But the prices will shock and surprise you , they are double or triple the UK ones .
Not a good experience for ill - hearted !
But do not go in !
You can find the same stuff in Italy at half the price !
The old house looked abandoned .
Sarah got off her bike and looked through the window .
She immediately noticed that the glass was broken , probably shattered in pieces by those boys who invited her to play with them at the mansion .
She was just about to open the door to check the inside when , suddenly , a scream echoed from the house , the door slammed open and the group started running at full speed , chased by four big spiders who had just discovered that their home had just been occupied .
Sarah peeked through the door and immediately realized the evil intentions of the group . "
Something was wrong !
She was sure about that .
She knew her husband better than herself and had noticed his strange behavior for a while .
But not any more .
He was absent - minded all the time , he did not listen to her and when she asked him a question , he just shrugged his shoulders or wrinkled his nose .
Maybe they could not avoid the seven - year itch .
Maybe he had a mistress .
They met each other nine years ago .
By accident , he thought .
An accident which had been well prepared by her .
She always planned her steps carefully .
Her mother was a shy woman who did not know what to do to escape from poverty and even though she had two or three jobs all the time , they did not know if they would have somewhere to sleep the next night .
So he was her escape .
He was well - off and funny .
He was not stupid , but you could not expect any perls of wisdom from him .
He had never worked , but they had been living in a 40-room house with a huge garden and so many servants that she could not remembered their names .
Who would want to lose this kind of lifestyle ?
So she decided to ask him straight away .
He had not seen that coming and became white as a sheet , raised his eyebrows and just exploded .
At that moment he was like a bear with a soar head .
She wanted answers and to have them he needs to be alive not dead of a heart attack .
So she tried to calm him down .
He held his breath for a second , pursed his lips
and then words just slipped of his tongue .
We do not have any money left .
So I have found a job " .
" Are you kidding me ? You have never worked in your life .
What can you possibly do ? "
" I am a porter .
Nobody there knows me so you should n't be afraid that some of our friends would recognise me .
It was her turn to hold her breath .
She was just numb .
He was strong as an ox , for sure , but working as a porter ?
He was waiting for her response .
She had always been level - headed and tried to come up with a plan .
" That is impossible ! What would our friends say ?
And where I would put my wine collection ? I would rather work as a porter than live in a 20-room house " .
But before clearing that , she wanted to ask one more important question :
Where , for God 's sake , had the money gone ? !
It was a cold winter afternoon in England when Michael was born .
Ever since he was a little boy , people around he knew that this child had a strange character .
However , all the people in his neighborhoor feared him because of his past .
Michael had always felt alone and he was fed up with that situation .
At the age of twenty years , he achieved a job as a personal trainer where he earned enough money to rent a flat .
One day , he fell in love with one of his female customers .
Their relationship had been excellent since the first time that they had met each other and two months later they decided to become lovers .
Michael 's new life was working out for the best but it is very difficult for anyone to escape from his past .
Although his life was perfect , he began to feel sick and sad and he remembered his past life when he was a child .
Finally , their relationship broke up and Michael fell in his illness deeper than ever .
Three months later , Magda was walking with her new boyfriend and Michael saw them , he was totally insane and jealous , he caught an enormous stick from the nearest tree and he beat them as strong as he could .
The attack lasted two endless minutes which were full of suffering , blood and pain .
His insane evil mind did n't go away until he reached his flat .
At that moment , everything changed , he reminded his childhood , his recovery and his sane life , then Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
In my opinion , public transport is doomed , because travelling by car is much more convenient and at the same time the easiest way to reach any destination you wish to get to .
On the one hand , public transport is slow and uncomfortable .
Pickpockets are frequent and you might end up being robbed , losing your money , credit cards and personal ID card as well .
On the other hand , travelling by car allows you to establish your own pace , even when you travel to a place you do not know so well .
Furthermore , you can choose an alternative road , rather than taking a main road .
This way you will have the chance to have a more relaxing journey through the countryside , traffic will not be so intense and aggressive , and finally , you can plan the time you want to arrive , using a GPS or other technolology to help you plan your journey .
Well , on this particular morning , Michael seem to be getting along quite well , he appeared to be energetic and very vibrant that particular morning .
His attention to detail appeared to be trust worthy and correct , and normally his attention to detail is not something that is challenged , because of how reliable he is .
Well , as the day was coming to a close , Michael had a distinct feeling that something just was n't correct but he dismissed that feeling and continued with his day as he usually does .
Well , the days responsibilities , in Michael 's mind , had been successfully accomplished and he felt really confident about all he had accomplished .
Needless to say , Michael could n't have been any more deceived than he had realized , because the unfortunate thing is that when he was doing his walk - through on all of his department the inventory that was supposed to be submitted was in fact inaccurate .
Because , after , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Jane ,
How are you feeling ?
I know you are under a lot of pressure because of your final exams and I can really understand how you are feeling right now , buried in a mountain of books and notes , with no free time for other things or just to relax .
I think you should take a break .
Jogging or going out for a walk helped me to boost my energy levels and to clear my mind .
It really works !
What about your meals ?
You should forget fast food like McDonald 's hamburgers !
Try to eat fresh food , such as salads , tons of fruit , and you 'll feel better .
Believe me !
Seriously , if there 's anything I can do , please let me know .
I 'd love to hear from you and maybe we can make some plans to meet up .
Take care and do n't let it get you down !
Lots of love
Ainoa .
What are the values of young people nowadays ?
To answer this question , the first thing to consider is if young people really have sincere values , or on the contrary , if they are only simple copies of a current model of a fake society which imposes unattainable stereotypes on them .
Nowadays there are many teenagers who lack their own identity .
They spend all their time thinking only about money , social networks or fashion .
Nevertheless , far from arrogance and vanity , we can still find some young people who have interesting personal values that are used by them to define their lifestyle .
Some values such as solidarity and empathy , that were believed lost , can appear surprisingly in the personality traits of many young people today .
In addition , these personal values joined others such as courage , curiosity , imagination and the sense of adventure , are important aspects to consider and they can become very effective weapons to change the world if they are used suitably .
Considering all this , nowadays it is socially important a development in positive values among young people , such as respect and tolerance , to create honest adult people .
From what evolved as a comradeship between 2 people based on acquaintance , mutual interest and companionship , it has moved forth to relationships where people have not even met one another physically .
In the past , friends were made when peopleet each other , other than , of course , pen friends .
Today , with technology , friends are made at a click of a key , be it on social media or mobile devices .
Friendship was nurtured and we took time to do activities with friends and best friends were limited to one or two of the closest associates .
Today , with the BFF concept , one has a best friend at every nook and corner for different purposes .
Friendship stood the test of time and grow stronger with disagreements , fights and misunderstanding , all being resolved and forgotten in the name of friendship .
Today a minute incident can just tear apart a friendship .
We made the extra effort to be friends in the past and it generally worked both ways .
Today , friendships are take take take and very few stand the test of time .
Friendship today is a friend or friends for each season and reason , while the friendship of the past has been whatever the situation or time a friend stands through .
I 'm 24 years old , so I belong to the previous generation , when family , school and life in general worked in a different way , from my point of view .
I have a wonderful family , made up of my father , my mother and my two siblings ( a sister and a brother ) , both older than me .
I consider myself lucky because I know I can always count on them , and because they love me as much as I love them .
On the contrary , I grow up with many " no " s , and I do not always agree with them in different situations .
I believe that this 's wrong , because by doing so they 're not doing their job well .
Parents must be parents , and friends must be friends .
This does n't mean that parents should keep themselves distant from their son ; on the contrary , a son should talk to his family , asking for advice or just to confront each other , because communication is at the base of relationships of every kind .
Counting 33 stories in the main building , it could be the biggest resort in Bangkok .
The resort mainly focuses on children , which is , in my eyes , a good idea .
However , walking distances in the hotel are way too far for families with young children .
You find yourself walking five hundred meters to the swimming pool .
That does n't seem too far , but when you have small children , you could be walking this twelve times a day .
A quick trip to the toilet changes into a 1 kilometer hike , which is not pleasant when you have small children .
In conclusion , the Miracle Resort is a very beautiful and appealing place to go .
There are plenty of things to do , and the ambiance in the hotel is relaxed , so you can really enjoy your holiday .
So a lot of them go abroad in order to find a good job in better conditions .
Unfortunately , my girlfriend and I need to do it too .
I have finished my degree and my girlfriend is just about to do it .
As I said before , the main objective is finding a job there , gaining some experience and improving our English level .
I think that it would be quite easy for Montse to find a job , but I am quite worried about my opportunities .
If I am lucky , I would apply for an interesting job , but I think that I will apply for a normal job such as barman , working on a factory , etc .
If everything goes as expected and we both find a job , we will visit the city of London .
I hope that this adventure goes well , because we are very excited and it would be useful in order to find a job when we come back to Spain .
Laura is the new girl in town .
Most of the students at Laura 's new school do not talk to her . They are a little bit too cautious about interacting with her .
Who can blame them ?
They all grew up together and have been friends since their childhood .
Frustrated , Laura accepted her new life of solitude outside of the secret society of the others .
But one day she collided with this boy .
His name was Michael .
But Michael was keen on getting rid of her .
He has not spoken one word to Laura , but she followed him around since the incident .
One day , when she walked him home she said : Okay , I give up !
If nobody talks to me , than none of you have the right to judge me .
I do n't want to be a part of your life , because if you act like that without knowing me , than you do not deserve my attention .
He thought that this was very brave , but he had not enough confidence to tell her that .
He opened the door to his home , took a deep breath and turned around .
Good !
We do n't want your attention !
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
" Sense8 " is a new kind of television series that has grasped the attention of millions of viewers from the first episode .
The first difference when compared to ordinary TV Shows is that all episodes from Season One were released at the same time .
This seems like a small thing but it represents a major change in the way people view TV shows .
By releasing all episodes at once , each user can watch each chapter at their own rate and speed , devouring them all in an afternoon or only one per week .
In order to make the series more interesting , the directors decided that each of the eight chosen ones would be in a different country .
The series provides an amazing window into eight different , and extraordinary worlds , with beautiful landscapes .
Hi Juliana ,
Thank you for your email .
I could n't answer , in particular , the questions about PHP and MySQL .
Like I told you , I 'm a web graphic designer , among other things , focused more in design and my usage of code is very limited .
I am very interested in multilingual jobs , with German , Spanish , English and Italian , related to marketing , IT web - analytics , Customer service ...
Do n't hesitate to contact me if you have some offer that you think could fit with my background .
I 'm always open to new interesting suggestions .
Have a beautiful day .
Ramón Verdugo
A Love Affair with Baking
What is it about cooking shows ?
Why is it that whenever Ina Garten , Ana Olson or Nigella Dawson is on , I tend to stop everything that I 'm doing and just get fixated on the TV ?
The Food Network has become my favourite channel . I can tune to it the whole day !
Cheesecake , for me , is the simplest yet most sophisticated cake there is .
To make one , just whisk some eggs and sugar , add some milk and a few drops of vanilla and then pour onto a greased cake pan and bake .
After a couple of minutes , take the cake out of the oven and let it cool down .
It 's best served when chilled , so better wait for a few more minutes before diving into it .
To decorate the cake , whip some cream and top with fresh fruit .
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to outline some aspects of my experience , such as , with whom I stayed , where I spent the week and what places I visited .
I will also make reference to some suggestions that might help to improve the exchange programme .
Particularities of the exchange
Recently , I spent a week in Switzerland as a part of a students ' exchange programme .
I strongly recommend that the programme organisers should make interest - free loans , available to people wishing to participate in an exchange .
This would allow considerable numbers of talented students to benefit from an opportunity which they would otherwise be unable to take .
Before addressing the question of what is better for young people , I would like to remind you that both activities ( spending time on a computer and watching television ) are harmful for children's / teen 's health .
At the other side , it 's impossible to imagine our life without computers and television .
With the help of computers , young people can meet new friends , find out a lot of information , take part in forums and discussions .
Surfing the Internet needs imagination , logical thinking and knowledge .
Young people are able to choose what they want to watch / read / listen to , and the choice is practically unlimited .
Television ca n't give such an opportunity .
Precisely here is found the crux of the problem .
There are plenty of free sites with content that is far from morality ; many computer games impose cruelty .
And the idea that , by spending time in Internet 's chats , young people develop their social skills , is problematic .
But getting used to the Internet 's rules of comunication , they might find it difficult to face up to reality , and make friends in the real world .
For my part , I spend a lot of time on my computer ( learning English and working ) .
This restaurant specializes in southeast Asian cuisine and it is called The Chai .
Personally , what I love about this restaurant is the ambiance .
It has a unique modern - rustic interior design suitable for any occasion , be it a birthday party , family gathering or even a date with your loved ones .
Besides that , this restaurant is located in the heart of one of the most popular cities in southeast Asia , Kuala Lumpur .
I was blown away by the breathtaking view of the city from my window .
From my experience , I feel that the food served in this restaurant is of fine quality , not to mention how delicious the food is .
Not only that , I was lost for choices as I flipped through the menu as there was a huge variety of southeast Asian food that ranges from Thai food , Indonesian food , Chinese food and the list goes on .
So , as the end of term is getting closer and closer , many students are being stressed out and it is certainly not different for me .
But if you know how to deal with your nervousity during the exam period , you can take the success of passing exams for granted .
Firstly , create your timetable .
Speaking of mental and physical health , you should definitely get enough sleep .
The more oxygen you get for your organism , the easier you will be able to concentrate on anything you do .
Last but not least , the exam itself is the toughest nut to crack .
Focus and go through the given tasks slowly and keep calm .
This method will keep your state of mind assertive and clear .
Good luck with the upcoming exams !
Communication is one of the biggest problems among today 's teenagers .
I remember when I was a kid the only thing I use the phone for was to call my friend to play on the street .
The telephone was a convenience , something used to help people communicate , to make their lives easier .
The Internet changed people 's routine .
Today , the Internet is one of the most effective and efficient ways to communicate .
Telephones changed , technology became smarter and allows people to stay connected everywhere they go .
Although the large number of advantages that the Internet and phones give to us , the use of technology affect people 's ability to communicate face to face .
We communicate through our accounts , emails or chats .
Using messages , people forget to use grammar or even make full sentances .
But that 's not the biggest problem .
Emoticons replace emotions , chats replace calls , usernames replace people .
Nowadays , communication face to face is something rare and , most of the times accident .
People just take turns talking without putting in any purpose or feelings .
Dear John ,
Thank you for your enquiry and your interest in to come here .
I will give you some information that should help you during your stay here .
The most interesting place is the Park of Tradition , opened last year .
The park consists of a complex of renovated buildings .
In the centre of the park there is a shaft which is . The shaft is beautifully illuminated at night .
In a very interesting way you can find out somehing about the history of Siemianowice and about mines .
You can see how places used to look and how they look today .
There is also a cafe which serves traditional Silesian cuisine .
During summer , the park organizes many exhibitions and cultural events .
It 's really worth seeing .
I hope you will find time to visit that park .
Silesian culture offers a lot , so I think you will have fun visiting The Park of Tradition .
Take care , hope to hear from you
Kinga .
I 'm sure you 'll agree with the fact that basketball is a good sport for the body and soul too .
80% of the game is mental , you have to think about what move you should do next and what the rest of the team is up to .
As well as being a great way to stay fit , basketball can help you to make new friends and make you a good team player .
That 's why basketball is my favourite sport and it should be yours too !
If you are thinking that you should do some sports , you would really enjoy playing basketball .
If you do n't really enjoy playing in a team , do n't worry !
Basketball can be played and enjoyed with as a few as two people , even if the official games of basketball require 10 people .
The beauty of this sport is that , as long as you got a ball , you can spend hours dribbling or shooting on your own .
I think that you should start practicing this sport because it helps you physically and mentally and it is a good way to socialize .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
That was it .
It really was over between him and Marianne .
After years of contemplating between staying with Marianne - who was more or less the joy of his parents ' life , not him , Marianne - for life , or leaving and start fresh , he has finally chosen the latter , thinking that it was the right decision to make at that moment .
Both good and bad .
Their first date was more or less awkward , which was typical for most first dates in life .
But all awkwardness aside , it ended with a first kiss .
A tidal wave of feelings sparked inside Michael 's head as he moved his lips along with Marianne 's .
After Michael barely calmed Marianne down , they had a mature heart - to - heart , one someone would say was way too late , but at that moment , it felt right .
His mind then thought of their last kiss .
Man , when was that ?
It had to be about a fortnight ago , before he went to Sochi for a business meeting .
It was merely a goodbye kiss , a quick brush of lips before he had to rush to the airport .
A week later , he found that Marianne was cheating on him with a European businessman he did n't have the mind to remember the name of .
It was the unofficial end of the relationship , the decision before the actual talk .
But at that moment , it ended .
But , in life , you ca n't hold onto the past . You have to keep moving forward .
You have to carry on .
And one day , you 'll find the true love that you 'll trust , the one that 'll catch you when you fall , console you when you cry .
You just have to keep looking .
Nowadays , the healthy habits of young people are very different than in the nineties .
Firstly , it is true that the young people used to do sport daily in any where , at the school or in the street , and also they did n't use to eat fast food .
Parents work outside the home all day .
Although they want the best for their children , sometimes it is difficult because they are tired and they tend to prepare junk food and allow them to spend their time on the internet or playing with the game machine .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
However , there was no way he could remember what it was .
He started feeling nervous and dizzy because he knew it was something extremely important .
He decided to get his computer and check his calendar , but it was in his office , which was 8 minutes away by car .
There was no other option , he went to the garage and got into the car .
But there had been a snowstorm and he could n't drive through the snow .
The wind was freezing cold , and now he had to walk to the office , which was a 25-minute walk away .
He put on a jacket and a scarf and left again .
Just to make everything worse , on his way to the office , he slipped on the snow and fell on his back .
Peter got there and had to take practically all of his clothes off because the office was like an oven .
He found the computer and checked his calendar which said : Flight to New York , leaves at 6 pm , on Monday the 19th .
And it was 6:32pm . "
Gosh dang it Peter !
You lost your flight and it was a business trip!You're going to get fired ! " ,
The first episode aired in 1963 and , since then , Doctor Who has been one of the most famous sci - fi TV shows on television .
Actually , last year was its 50th anniversary and to celebrate it a special episode in 3D was broadcast .
Since the TV show aired the character of the Doctor has been played by 12 actors , the newest one was announced on the summer last year , which is when I was visiting London with my family .
It really caught my attention how relevant Doctor Who is in the UK because almost every time I turned on the TV there was someone talking about who could be the new Doctor , it appeared in the news , in newspapers and on the day the BBC was going to reveal the name of the actor they even made a special show about it .
However , I really liked experiencing that because I had never seen the media in Spain pay so much attention to a TV show .
If we had stayed more time , we would have been able to spend more time at the shop , but anyway , I loved going there and meeting other people who also liked Doctor Who and I bought some merchandise from the shop .
But , hopefully , not everyone was like that .
Nobody liked him at first , but now that he is leaving everybody loves him and wants him to stay .
Actually , I 'm one of those fans who are sad about the 11th Doctor leaving because he is my favourite one , as he was the one I experienced Doctor Who with , because I started watching the TV show when he was playing the main role .
Some said that he would be played by others famous British actors , but others thought that an actress should play the new role .
I found out about Doctor Who because a friend of mine saw people talking about it online and she told me about it .
When I started watching it I thought it was a bit weird but I ended up really liking it .
Thanks to it , I have met a lot of people who share the same interests as I do and I have discovered some of my favourites TV shows .
Dear Sir / Madam
I am writing to apply for the job in summer camps which was advertised in the USA newspaper last week .
Last year , a group of little kids came to university and we had to taught them several games and outdoor activities - thanks to this project , I am able to organise entertaining sports and activities .
Although I never take lessons in cooking , I cook varied meals at home every day .
I live alone , so no one does it for me .
I would be able to start immediately .
I hope you will consider my application - I can be contacted by email at any time .
Yours faithfully , Julieta .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
It was one of those indigo nights , almost as if the Northern Lights were shining together with her happiness .
Her little brother was still sleeping with an empty stomach and eyes still wet .
The world is a deserted place , at least it is for Alison and her sibling .
She 's been talking to him plaintively to put him to sleep , reading him the same old tatty paperback book with one fairy tale only .
And when they had nothing to quench their thirst and hunger with , she used to invent imaginary worlds where they are wealthy and do n't have a thought in the world .
The note was almost illegible but Alison knew .
She has been waiting for that moment all her life .
The note read and her tears rolled down her pale face .
At least we are not alone , she said and hugged her brother .
She read it at least twenty times , then threw it away and prepared her soul for their father 's arrival .
Have you ever travelled by plane ?
Have you or someone you know been to another country , on another continent ?
Most , if not all , of the inhabitants of this planet would answer ' yes ' .
Last century provided us with countless opportunities to be more mobile .
We , humans , can say that we live on the planet Earth without being metaphorical for the first time in all our history .
There are still borders , both on maps and in minds for us to overcome , but the situation has changed drastically in a century or less .
It rather had the same shades with medieval maps that pictured dragons guarding an earthen paradise somewhere near the shore of Indias .
China and India were almost of the same accessibility for the ordinary carpenter from Edinburgh as they were for his predecessor five centuries ago .
' Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world . '
- Nelson Mandela . I believe that education is important and it is able to bring about enormous changes to an individual .
From these experiences , I discovered that teaching people will never be an effortless job .
As a teacher , I have to be considerate , unbiased , trustworthy and decisive .
I have to try my best to take care of all students and to ensure that the contents are accessible for them .
I have gained a lot from these experiences .
As to enhance my knowledge , I tried to grab the chance to bring up my English level .
Although I was not able to attain any awards in the competition , I gained a lot of public speaking skills from the competition .
Starting from F3 , I learnt Korean and I attained level 5 in TOPIK ( Test of Proficiency in Korean ) .
I have also been preparing for the level 6 test since then .
Other than Korean , I have also been learning Japanese and Spanish , starting from F5 .
Learning languages is indeed difficult and painstaking .
However , I enjoy my journey in learning them .
That 's why I love learning foreign languages .
It is my aspiration to devote my time to the study of English and education .
It has been my life goal to become an English teacher in order for me to make contributions to our society .
I hope that I can be one of the candidates you find suitable for your university .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in reply to the article about the usage of mobile phones at high school which was published in your newspaper on Monday 12th of September .
I would totally agree with the idea that children should not use mobile phones during class , but during breaks .
In the first place , it seems to me that it is really important , both for children and parents to communicate in order to organize their lives , taking into account the changing schedules .
However , it is also remarkable that there are proper times to talk on the phone , and proper times to learn .
Of course , we all have the right to communicate whenever we want but , mostly , whenever we need .
That is why I totally agree with Richardson 's modality dealing with this important issue which is present in students ' , schools ' and parents ' lives nowadays .
Secondly , I would like to mention that I agree with the experiment that is taking place in some districts about permitting students to use their mobile phones for educational purposes , and what is more , with Richardson 's facing this issue .
Of course , when we are talking about children and education , it may seem a bit complicated since this subject has both advantages and disadvantages .
For instance , it is really motivating for students to use technology in the classrooms .
I consider that something should be done in order to balance the pros and cons of having mobile phones present at schools , because , firstly , students are the ones who must be present and , what is more , their learning process also must be there .
As I said , it is really important that parents can communicate with their children because they are taking care of them and they are their parents , so they have the right to communicate with them whenever they need .
Apart from that , I strongly believe that technology can be incorporated in the classroom , but teachers and schools are the ones who have to control this activity so that it can be positive both for students and teachers , in order to make the learning process more motivating and effective .
All in all , I think that schools should not stop taking into account this important subject .
Technology and , mostly , mobile phones , are part of children 's and parents ' lives , so schools do n't have to ban it , but look for alternatives in order that they do n't make a negative effect in education .
Richardson 's methodology is fantastic and I think that there are more , and it is important that we know them , in order to be informed about this important issue .
I look forward to reading more articles about this subject .
Yours faithfully ,
Magali Hervieux .
This report aims to present different advertising strategies for our products according to the type of customers we have .
In addition , I will recommend the best kind of advertising for our needs .
First , to have a successful campaign , it is important to know the target market .
A survey about the kind of customers for our product revealed that most of them are young adults .
This means that they are between 20 and 30 years old .
One way is to put advertising on the internet and use social networks .
In order to obtain maximum benefit from this , it will be helpful if we give away product samples .
As I mentioned above , the advertising campaign must be appropriate to the target market .
This is mainly because , besides it being cheaper , customers will become familiar with the product .
In conclusion , we have different options for this campaign .
If we choose the appropriate kind of advertising for our product , I can assure you that we will succeed .
Twenty years ago the economic situation was better than the current situation , so people did n't have to work until late and they managed to give a strict education and to care about their children 's health .
Teenagers used to go out after having done their homework and their favourite hobby was certainly sport .
Now things have changed : parents work full time and do not take up a lot of their children who are more and more alone and uncontrolled .
When the home is empty , teenagers feel free to spend all the time lying on the couch , playing videogames or watching awful programmes on TV .
At the same time , they gorge themselves with every kind of food they find in the refrigerator .
A sedentary life style and a poor diet lead , of course , to overweight .
This is a common issue : in fact , juvenile obesity is increasing with bad consequences such as premature diabetes or a permanent disease .
Cooking classes would be helpful to teach teens to cook , to enjoy healthier food and maybe to discover a passion .
In Milan , the association Runners from Mars welcomes thousands of runners who compete for charity .
I normally dream but do n't remember when I wake up .
One day I dreant that I were a millionaire , I bought a huge detached house surrounded by tall trees in a beautiful city , maybe in a city like Seville .
The house would n't be located in the city centre because of the traffic and the parking spots , but it would n't be situated too far from downtown .
My dream house would have two floors , a big garage and , of course , a blue swimming pool bordered by a beautiful garden full of plants and trees , and with a white path from the outside door towards the porch .
Inside the house , there would be enormous French windows with long curtains and stylish and practical furniture .
Downstairs , there would be 5 bedrooms with big beds , 2 bathrooms , one of them with a Jacuzzi , a beautiful kitchen with an American fridge ( one of those that have 2 big doors ) and a table in the center , where I could eat with my family , and a pleasant living room with two or three large sofas .
Upstairs , there would be a games room where I could play with my nephews , nieces and my daughter , another bathroom , a little office to work and to study English , and finally , a huge room called " the cinema - room " , with several comfortable seats and a giant screen where my friends and I could see our favourite films .
Dear Caroline ,
I also left yoghurt and frozen food for you to prepare in the oven or microwave , this way , you wo n't have to worry on going back home to have lunch before going to work .
We will be back by the end of the week , so take care and enjoy your mornings with my bright bird , she loves having company , so if you could get her to have lunch with you and talk a little with her , she will be happy for the rest of the day .
Samia
Dear Sir / Madam .
I am writing to apply for a job in the summer camp in the USA .
My name is Andrea and I am 30 years old .
I 've been working with children of all ages for eight years .
I think I would be a suitable person for the job as I love organising activities for the little ones and spending time with them as well as preparing different types of meals .
In fact , I am attending a course to learn to cook well .
In that place , we worked as part of an incredible team that organised different activities each weekend .
The experience was great and since then I 've always wanted to have the experience of working again in an English speaking country .
I hope you consider me and I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully , Andrea .
The human race began from the jungle , where he lived amidst the worries and fears of wild beasts and under the illusionary protection of tall trees , and now the journey of the human race has come to the same scenario , where once again , he is living amidst the fears of wild beasts called ' other humans ' and under the ' illusionary protection ' of stalwart buildings that may either collapse due to an earthquake or to a terrorist - attack .
This is the world of globalisation where the entire world is one market .
Every person is marketing himself ; is selling himself ; is presenting himself as a decorated gift - item .
This is why , although we have the luxury of extravagant knowledge under our feet because of the internet , we encounter complications and complexities in the decoding of our relationships and in deciphering this perennial flow of knowledge .
I , for that reason , certainly agree with the statement of the given issue .
With knowledge and information , things become comprehensible but more complex .
It , today , has millions of followers who believe in its philosophy that reincarnation is the truth and a human feels tied - up because of the constant pull of the strings of his past lives .
They were simple yet profound , relying on the comprehensible philosophies of forgiveness and karma .
Likewise , there are many conspiracy theorists in the world who , time and again , circulate rumours regarding the existence of a secret organisation ( the Illuminati , for instance ) that runs the world secretly and plots for all the pre - timed wars and terrorist - attacks .
Furthermore , they concoct stories and concepts , publicise them while making animated versions all over the internet .
The brilliance of their presentations is so acute that an ordinary man is almost forced to feel enlightened in his ignorance , finally becoming brainwashed .
The same technique is used by politicians , iconoclasts and leaders who pollute the minds of the people through the medium of technology .
There are several reasons why I support this choice .
First , it is unnecessary to spend more money on school buses , because , by Grade 5 , children are able to take care of themselves and each other .
They can communicate well and are aware of dangerous situations .
For example , if they see drunk or dirty people on public buses , they could avoid sitting near them or report them to the bus driver .
Second , it is a good opportunity to educate them in life skills such as knowing not to sit in priority seats or leave litter on the bus .
In contrast , I think that the parents who insist their children should only travel on school buses protect them too much .
In daily life , many youngsters need to go to school and back by public transportation .
In other words , if parents spoil their offspring , then they may become too dependent and incapable of functioning well in society later on .
In conclusion , it is not only a good chance to take the children on an adventure , but also help them become independent young adults .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement on the noticeboard in our language school inviting applications for the post of Club organiser .
I am a forty years old secondary school teacher of Art and I believe I have qualifications that you may be looking for . I have been teaching students for approximately 15 years .
Working with groups of people fills me with lots of energy and , as they need me , I need them too .
I have been studying English for several years and I am preparing for taking the FCE exam soon .
I would describe myself as a good listener and a fluent speaker with a strong ability to control the discussion .
Apart from an ability to get on well with people , I read a lot .
I am a big fan of American and British films , from classic to modern ones .
I go to the cinema regularly to stay in touch with new coming 's .
If you would like to take my appliciation further , than I would be pleased to hear from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Miss Barbara Gum
To : Peter Jackson
From : Branislava Sidorov
Date : 25th May 2014 .
Subject : End - of - year party
The aim of this proposal is to compare the two proposed venues , River Boat Disco and Milford Comedy Club , and to recommend one based on the survey carried out among the students .
Entertainment and food
Although Milford Comedy Club offers a fun night with four established comedians , the only food available is snacks .
However , the main disadvantage of the disco is that it ends very early , at 10:30 pm , whereas the comedy club is open until 2 am .
Price
Even though the price is $ 5 smaller for the comedy club , it is without food and , by the end of the night , I do not think there would be much difference .
Location
The boat is located at the Crofton Harbour and some means of transport would be necessary to get there .
It would be possible to organize a bus , which would be preferable to going separately by car .
However , the comedy club is easy to find and is accessible by metro and taxi .
Recommendation
I would suggest the River Boat Disco because not only does it offer a buffet , but also , the people are more likely to converse with each other while listening to music than to a comedian .
" Manjiare Di Roma " - An Italian Restaurant
This Italian restaurant is in Monção and near the school .
It was opened about four years ago by two friends who had previously worked at pizza places .
As you enter the restaurant you are met with the traditional Italian restaurant red towels and a bit of a rustic feel , behind the counter you can see the cooks making the pizzas .
As a main dish you can choose anything from pasta to pizza of all kinds ( even chocolate ) .
This restaurant is very affordable , the prices are extremely reasonable , especially if you 're a student , because there 's a special menu called " student 's menu " where you choose two ingredients for you pizza , with or without French fries , and a drink for about three euros .
All in all , I think this woould be the best restaurant for our class to go to , since it 's close to the school , it has good prices and a friendly ambience .
Also , everyone enjoys Italian food , so everyone would be pleased .
Dreaming about the future is like creating an imaginary world , perfect for yourself and the others .
If the present does n't satisfy you , let 's take a trip in the future .
I 'm sure you will enjoy the ride !
The year 2064 .
Their houses are floating in the air .
It is amazing .
Not to mention the huge advantage that people are protected from earthquakes because these houses do not have direct contact with the earth .
This idea is more than brilliant !
When it comes to their jobs , people work on earth , like in the oldtimes .
The way they go to work is worth knowing .
These cars can go down to their destination and then , go up again until the driver pushes a button .
This button is called " find me and come to me " .
The name says it all .
Once the button is pushed , the car finds the driver and literally picks him up .
The streets look all new and improved .
Lots of the buildings are skyscrapers and the architecture has completely changed .
People are still human beings and act completely normal .
They seem happy with the way they live and embrace the change in everything .
Now let 's return to the present , because we have a lot of work to do if we want to live in that kind of future , eventually .
I read your advertisement in the Cloud magazine and I consider it an interesting experience .
I 'm an Italian native speaker aged 27 and I 've been studying Sport Science at Milan University .
In 2012 , I got the Cambridge first certificate in English and I 've been improving my French to pass the exam .
I am also aware that they are reckless , so I recently attended a First Aid course , which has given me the confidence to deal with emergency situations .
For references , you can contact the Principal of the School , who will be happy to supply you with any information .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you and I thank you for your attention .
You can also spend that time working and saving money for future years on the university camp .
It is the only time in your life to do that , to be honest .
After you finish studying , you will have to immediately start working unless you want to live with your parents for the rest of your life .
But the year right after you finish high school is a perfect time to find yourself , to decide what you want to do with your life .
You can go on a road trip around your country or travel somewhere very distant and learn things you 've never heard about on your own skin .
It could also be potentially your last chance to spend so much time with your high school friends .
I think everyone should take a year off after leaving school .
Over the last decades , the spread of technology in our daily life has marked the beginning of a new era .
Computers , mobile phones , the Internet have undoubtedly changed our way of thinking and behaving .
But can we safely regard this technological advance as a proper achievement of modern times ?
Certainly , computers and similar devices give us the priceless opportunity to make our lives simpler .
However , the main drawback of such advance is that we now rely more on computers than on our own capacities .
Just a few , right ?
The reality is that the fast - paced world we are currently living in is stealing us our own time .
Nobody gets lost anymore , nobody discovers something on his own .
We all walk down the same path because this is how it is meant to be .
We consult Tripadvisor , we die for positive ratings and we increasingly forget to care about simple things .
Technology is not reality and should never replace it .
I had never felt so nervous before in my life ... !
It was the last year I was attending the high school and final exams were approaching faster than I had thought .
What are my plans for the future ?
I did n't know anything at all .
The only thing I knew was the date of the exams was becoming more threatening as time went by .
The most stressful day of my life for sure .
I remember I began to bite my knuckles because of the tension , and also because of a girl near me who could n't stop crying nervously ( it 's a pet peeve of mine , I have to admit it ) .
Then , when finally it was my turn , I seated in front of the teachers and , slowly , I introduced my speech .
Fifteen minutes later it was all over and I felt like a brand new person .
As it was said before , the brief time of observation does not allow us obtaining that much information about how CLIL is really implemented in a particular educational context , even so , the data collected and the following conversation with the teacher , contributed to obtain an interesting picture about how Arts and Crafts is considered and carried out under the CLIL umbrella .
CLIL implementation is always a challenge for the teacher , but it seems to be even more difficult when talking about subjects as Arts and Crafts , which are more based on the acquisition of skills and the development of another language , the artistic .
Despite the difficulties that CLIL teachers have to overcome , the truth is that the atmosphere of CLIL lessons is in some way special .
What surprised me more positively was the level of peer support , the cooperation and the comradeship .
It is interesting to see how the students resort to each other when looking for help in a natural way , without the intervention of the teacher .
Peer support is something that teachers expect and promote in all subjects , but it seems to emerge more genuinely when talking about the CLIL atmosphere .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
For the last six years , I have worked in a number of different bars within the busy city district region .
All of the bars I worked in hosted a night club after 10 PM , therefore you do not need to worry about extra tiredness caused by late - hour work .
I am a bartender who has been awarded three times in international bar - show contests .
Certainly , I can offer professional bar shows and tricks to make your bar more attractive to the customers .
If you need a trial session , I am more than happy to attend and prove my assets to your bar .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Daniel Wan
Many people have the impression that learning a language is only possible through hard work : studying grammar rules , learning vocabulary by heart and burying your head in a book .
However , there are in fact several methods that you can employ should you want to become a linguist .
In this essay I will discuss two of these : the immersion method , and the classroom method .
Firstly , the immersion method takes its inspiration from the way in which we all learnt to speak our nature tongue : implicitly .
With this method , learners are simply exposed to the target language , either by going abroad to live in the country where it is spoken , or by having a native teacher .
There is no explicit focus on grammar ; instead , the learners are expected to " absorb " the language and its rules .
This method has its advantages , as it is the way we all learnt to speak , and so it is arguably more natural .
Another advantage is that students are unencumbered by overcomplicated , confusing metalanguage .
Secondly , the classroom method is the one with which most students ( especially if they are older ) are familiar .
Learners are normally taught in their mother tongue , and are given grammar rules , which they then apply to the language they are learning .
This method also has its benefits , not least logistically speaking , since many students do n't have access to native speakers or are not able to travel abroad .
While both methods clearly have their advantages , I believe that just limiting students to either one or the other can have a negative effect on language learning .
Having a native speaker will give students maximum exposure to the language , while at the same time a focus on rules will give them the tools for self - correction and self - study .
fan ) .
In the first conic part , it is possible to feed with the fuel ( i.e. the pellet ) that leads to the combustion chamber where the pellet will burn to generate the heat necessary to warm up the air .
Beneath the combustion chamber there is the ash tray necessary to collect the ash generated by the combustion of the pellet .
As mantion above , the heat is necessary to warm up the air that , thanks to the fan , will be blown out to the room in order to warm up the external ambient ( e.g. room , bathroom , kitchen ... ) .
This is a pretty compact machine , but it 's not very efficient and very clean .
Let 's focus now on the pellet boiler .
The structure is pretty much the same as the pellet stove , the difference is that , instead of a fan , here we have a pump due to the fact that the goal of the boiler is to warm up water and send it to the heaters all over the house , so it 's nedded a pump to do that instead of just a fan ( the pourpose of a fan and a pump it 's the same : move fluid from a point A to a pont B , but in one case , you have to move air and in the second case , water ( they have a different density : water has 1000 times the density of air ) .
Like in the stove , there is a feed section where you can feed the pellet that will go directly to the combustion chamber ( according to the control system ) in order to burn it and generate the heat to warm up the water .
Now , thanks to the pump , the hot water is able to reach the upstairs rooms .
Basically , the two rely on the same methods : burning pellets to warm up a fluid ( air for the stove and water for the boiler ) .
My home town , an international city , attracts millions of tourists from all over the world every year .
Knowing a clean and tidy city is no less appealing to the tourists than beautiful scenery and bargain shopping , both the authority and the citizens understand the need to keep our city clean in order to keep the tourists coming , therefore , they are serious in protecting the environment .
To keep the city clean and tidy , people adopt an environmentally - friendly attitude in daily life : they refuse littering , if they can not find a rubbish bin around , they keep their rubbish in a small plastic bag ; at home , they separate the recyclable items from the rubbish before they get rid of the rubbish .
The government plays a crucial role in taking care of the environment .
It build sewage sites for the disposal of the city 's waste .
It educates the citizens to cultivate their sense of protecting the city 's environment .
We are sure that the tourists who visit our city can feel it and hope that they will help spread the message when they go home .
Among a variety of sports , there is the football , also known as soccer .
Football can be played either as a hobby or as a job .
Our team trained twice a week for about two or three hours .
We had our own trainer , which was a man who had played football before .
There are three main reasons why I enjoy playing football .
Firstly , it is a way to get out of the routine , occasionally .
It helps to release the endorphins and anxiety levels in my body .
If any one you would like to start practicing this dynamic and amazing sport , I would tell you to try it as soon as possible .
So , give it a shot and you will realize it is one of the most amazing activities you can ever do .
' The letter that changed my life '
We 'd had a lovely meal in one of the most charming restaurants in Rome .
When we were about to leave , we realized that there were a short letter on the table . ' I have your car keys .
Wait for me , please ' , it said .
We did n't understand a thing because the car keys were just in front of us .
So we rushed out the restaurant on suspicion of theft .
Sara tried to get rid of it but the white car was still there .
The other car driver came up to us slowly .
We were really afraid . '
You 've had the wrong keys and the wrong car ' , said the man .
I ended up working to Mr Smith ' company in Madrid , where I 've been working there for 20 years .
People seem to be living quiet , comfortable lives nowadays .
We have reached an age of high technology .
Humans will most likely continue to improve this technology and make their lives better for the future .
We might live better lives in the future .
The robot will be able to do things like cooking , fetching , washing clothes and dishes and cleaning the house .
The men would only do the paperwork themselves .
Water is already growing scarce over time .
Eventually , it might become so much of a precious resource that it will be used as the international currency instead of dollars .
We will have to find an alternative drinking source ...
But , with a heavy heart , I have to agree with this statement .
Why ?
First of all , it is quite hard to enjoy shopping when you are forced to do it .
The best example here could be the regular , every - week filling - the - fridge shopping , which , in principle , can not be pleasant .
Personally , I am not able to find anything exciting in hanging around extremely high supermarket shelves and pushing a heavy trolley . Crowd in every corner , awful and unpleasant lights and the necessity to run from one end of the market to another , because these shops are organised in the way , which forces you to see everything , in order to find what you really need .
That and the extremely long queues for the cash desk also are not very encouraging .
What is more , I hate do shopping when I really need to buy something .
Because there is this wicked , unwritten rule , according to which , if you are looking for something , there is not the slightest chance you will get it .
You will not be able to find the right size , the right colour or simply anything which would suit your taste .
I believe they are genetically programmed to take away all your ' joie de vivre ' .
The constant grumbling , regular checking of the time , this anxious and adrift facial expression - how on earth it could create a favourable conditions for shopping ? !
And believe me , there is no difference if you are shopping for yourself or for them , it always looks this way .
In conclusion , shopping can be and usually is a great opportunity , not only to expand the contents of your wardrobe , but also , to relax and spend a great time .
You just have to avoid supermarkets , and buy clothes in advance - so there will not appear the situation , when you need something really badly and it is not in your closet , and , of course , of the male company , better choose the female companion .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I have a good working knowledge of the English language and I sat my FCE exam last year .
Since then , I have attended a course for the preparation of the CAE exam , and spent two weeks in Ireland during the Summer working as a babysitter , so I have had experience working with children .
I love facing new challenges and am available to work long hours if required .
I also consider myself to have great organisational skills .
During these two years , I was responsible for the organisation and booking of bands .
I would also describe myself as a fun , energetic person .
I love learning new skills and although I 've never worked in a kitchen before , but I 'd love to try my hand at cooking .
The bell rang and all the students left the class .
But before I could leave school I remembered that I had left my trainers in the changing room , just after football session .
I started walking towards my house when she yelled :
Oh no , not again ... That stupid girl was completely in love with me , since last year she thinks that I like her , but she 's wrong .
And although she knows I hate the way she calls me , she does n't stop doing it .
She 's an impossible woman .
-"What do you want Stacey ?"-
I asked her .
-"Don't be angry Michie , I know you love me .
I only wanted to tell you that Joe is going to make a party in his house tomorrow at 8 p.m. and I 'll be there "- she said .
I heard a voice behind me saying :
-"So , you 'll be at the party tomorrow , right ? "
I thought it was Stacey again , trying to get into my house again and trying to seduce me .
And I yelled :
-"I'M FED UP WITH YOU ! STOP .
I DON'T WANT TO SEE YOU AGAIN ... "
-"Ok , got it . Hope you get on well with your problem " .
And Cass , the girl I 'm in love with , slammed the door .
I was feeling confused and bad .
I went into my house and closed the door knowing at that moment that I had made a mistake .
To whom it may concern .
My name is Richard Raya , I am 35 years old and I live in the Basque Country in northern Spain .
I would like to apply
for the position you recently advertised regarding Summer Camps in the USA . I also have
plenty of experience with teaching younger children .
This experience involved tutoring children from the ages of 5 to 16 in various aspects of English and Maths
as a Surf Instructor during the summer holidays in my home town of Zarautz .
I think I am very suitable for this position as I really enjoy working with children and have a wide variety of
skills in sports and also a fun - loving attitude towards organising activities .
Cooking is one of my favourite
pastimes , when I cook , it 's usually for a big group of friends , so preparing meals is actually something I
really enjoy .
I have many references from employers and the parents of the children I teach .
If I am selected for an interview
I look forward to your reply .
Kind regards ,
Richard Raya
The best sport ever .
If so , you will know all the benefits but also the effort that it takes .
I love dancing and I do ballet , which requires a lot of discipline .
I started dancing when I was six years old , my mates and I were so cute with our little dresses and tiny feet doing slow movements .
For me it was n't funny at all , so I always tried to skip my classes , and I finally did n't go back the following year .
But seven years later , as a teenager , I found ballet really feminine and I decided to start again .
I think that this is not a usual sport , but it has the same advantages : it burn calories , improve circulation , is good for the bones and muscles ... Therefore , it is a really beautiful way to exercise and help you to improve flexibility .
So let 's do it !
I would really like to participate as a co - worker in this summer camp .
My mother told me that I can gain great experiences .
Whereas , in my opinion , it is way more than that .
I am very energetic , cheerful and hardworking , which are the traits you are looking for !
I have always loved seeing my mom cooking and the fact that you have this in the camp just makes me happier .
On the other hand , I think serving within this area is the best opportunity for trying new abilities .
I am also a great organizer ; therefore , I can be such a great help with the evening and sports activities .
I hope you understand my point of view .
I am really looking forward to being part of your camp !
Let me know your opinion whenever you are ready ,
Elisa .
Over the course of history , life has constantly changed .
From the early nomad tribes , to the first human settlements , then to villages and cities to the formation of civilization , man has never stood still for too long .
Key discoveries have changed the course of history .
The more knowledge we accumulate , the faster progress will come .
Mankind went from a rural based society to a modern skyscraper - filled civilization in just a century .
And we will continue this process for as long we exist .
Factories could have long working hours in order to produce more .
People in turn started to consume more due to the increased workforce and the greater offer of products .
The quick and practical life in the city started to drive thousands of people away from the fields .
With the advance of electronic products , information has become even easier to spread .
First with the radio , news about events happening far from your local community could be easily heard by anyone within earshot .
Sometimes , it seems we have reached the pinacle of existence .
And yet , we 've come this far .
Education and technology are deeply related , to a certain extent , in that education has suffered a series of changes throughout the past 20 years .
In present times , it is very common to see people learning courses through a computer .
The main similarity between face - to - face learning and online learning is that they both provide valuable learning skills to students .
For instance , degree courses , master 's courses or just an updating course can be found .
On the other hand , the differences between face - to - face learning and virtual learning are numerous .
Another difference between face - to - face learning and online learning may be that face - to - face learning allows students to develop human - relationships , whereas with online learning it is quite impossible on this to happen .
During face - to - face learning , students have a teacher - student relationship , as well as a peer - to - peer relationship , allowing them to develop inter - personaal skills and coexistence .
When doing a fece - to - face course , besides having an attendance schedule , people spend more time commuting to the place where the course is given .
In current days , traffic jams are a fact in big cities ; therefore a lot of time is lost to commuting .
Assessing these similarities and differences , each student has the option to choose the option which better suits in his lifestyle .
Peschiera Borromeo , a little town near Milan , has an agricultural reality and there are many possibilities to walk around and to train yourself in a running parcour .
Unfortunately , there is a lot of traffic , so the best place to avoid it is a little artificial lake called Idroscalo where people can run along the 7 kilometres perimeter or cycling in the open air while looking at the swans .
In this area , you can find many facilities , such as two swimming pools , a tennis court and a volleyball court .
It 's really fun !
For those who feel brave , there is also a wall where you can climb with all the equipment .
The best season to enjoy this place is certainly the spring , when the weather is not too hot and there are not so many people who picnic under the trees and disturb you while you 're trying to relax !
Here you can really forget about the city pollution !
The speaker discusses the article , saying that taxes stand against free trade and in favor of protectionism .
In his opinion , the concept of protectionism in the world of global economy is not effective .
They can hire local people , give them well - paid jobs , and those people may learn how global corporations work , which is a good thing for local economies .
And finally , the article states that free trade does not always lead to a peaceful relationship between nations , but the lecturer draws attention to the European common market set up after World War II .
He emphasizes that free trade between powerful European nations makes a war between them almost impossible .
The target population included telecommunication service users who subscribed to a loyalty program .
The choice of the telecommunication industry in this framework is related to the vital role of loyalty and retention in this service setting .
Many experts have emphasized the market maturity and the number and variety of competitive choices among service providers .
Following this , all types of service providers focus on customer retention as a source of growth ( Amdocs Market Insight & Strategy , 2011 ) .
A total of 309 complete and exploitable questionnaires were collected , with a response rate of 77% .
An appropriate sample size should be ten times the number of items used in the questionnaire ( Sorbom et Joreskog , 1982 ) .
In this research , the sample size seems to be appropriate for SEM ( 309 > 27 items multiplied by 10 ) .
A game is an activity involving one or more players .
Games are played primarily for entertainment or enjoyment , but may also serve as exercise .
Everyone in this world has their own favorite sports , and so do I. My favorite sport is football .
I like this game because it is exciting and challenging .
Football is a team sport played between two teams of eleven players each .
It is a ball game played on a rectangular grass field with a goal at each end .
The objective of the game is to score by maneuvering the ball into the opposing goal .
The winner is the team which has scored most goals at the end of the match .
A very large number of people also play football at an amateur level .
In many parts of the world , football evokes great passions and plays an important role in the life of individual fans , local communities , and even nations ; it is therefore often claimed to be the most popular sport in the world .
football player .
I learnt teambuilding , discipline , as well as teamwork through playing football .
One of the major international competitions in football is the World Cup , organized by Fédération Internationale de Football Association .
Over 190 national teams compete in qualifying tournaments within the scope of continental confederations for a place in the finals .
The finals tournament , which is held every four years , now involves 32 national teams competing .
The next World Cup takes place in Russia in 2018 .
The star I admired most in football is Edson Arantes do Nascimento , nicknamed Pelé , who is a former Brazilian football player and thought by many to be the finest player of all time .
Often considered the complete attacking player , he was completely two - footed , a prolific finisher , exceptional at dribbling and passing , and was a remarkably good tackler for a forward .
He was also famed for his speed and strength on the ball .
Since his full retirement , he has served as an ambassador for the sport .
I wish to become a professional football player .
Holidays are mostly about relaxing . Therefore , I disagree with always trying new things .
Holidays , to me , are our chance to eliminate stress and panic from our system and improve our level of comfort .
As stress and challenging work triggers exhaustion in many such as myself , I prefer curling up with a good book and enjoying a nice cup of coffee on holidays rather than generating any level of discomfort .
Change is never easy and being able to try new things is , indeed , a valuable trait for one to have , however , I do not have such traits .
On the contrary , to the subject I disagree with having to try new and challenging things on holidays due to the fact that I take much more pleasure in reading novels , which make me feel all the rush of an outside activity but all the while keeping me safe and comfortable .
A review about medieval Turkey .
I 'm certainly not the only one watching this amazing series . I ca n't call it a soap opera because it 's so much more than that .
It 's a love story between Turkey 's most famous and cruel ruler of all times and his main wife .
I wrote main because back then Turkish men were allowed to have harems .
It 's the story of Suleyman the Emperor and his wife , Hurrem .
Like the title says , the story takes place in medieval Turkey .
The role of Suleyman is played by Turkey 's most famous actor , Halit Ergenc , and he 's amazing at it .
What I liked most about him is that he agreed to grow a huge beard in order to get into role .
The actress who plays Suleyman 's wife , Hurrem , is none other than Meryem Uzerli .
She 's such a beautiful woman and plays the role beautifully .
The other actors are also really talented and bring to life many of the historical figures that Turkey had in that time .
I strongly recommend this amazing series to people who want to take a glimpse into the history of a fascinating country and experience different feelings together with the main characters .
Foreign language learning in my country
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to comment on the way people , and especially children , learn languages in my country , what foreign languages they learn and where they learn them and to recommend changes in the language - learning system .
Languages people learn
With Germany and Austria being our neighbours and thus business partners to many Czech companies , German is the second most popular foreign language spoken , followed by Russian , French , Italian and Spanish .
Who learns languages in my country ?
Mostly , it is children at schools who learn languages .
They start learning English or German at the age of eight .
However , there might be a problem with the choice as not every secondary school offers e.g. Spanish or Italian , so students have to choose a language they do not prefer .
Students at some schools also have a possibility of exchange programmes , but these can be quite expensive and not every family can afford such an event .
There are also many adults who want to learn or just improve their language skills .
Recommended changes
Dear Mr Williams ,
I saw your advertisement for language courses in London and I am writing to find out more about the courses you offer .
I am thinking of attending a course for two or three weeks in August .
Could you please send me more information and details of prices ?
I would particularly like to know how many students attend the school , and how many students there are in a class .
I 'd also like to know what resources the school has .
For example , is there a library where I can study in the evenings ?
Could you tell me something about the staff ?
Are they all qualified teachers ?
I would be interested in having more details of the social and sports
programme .
Are the activities included in the price of the course ?
Could you tell me about the cost of accommodation too ?
Also , can you tell me what amenities there are near the school ?
For
I look forward to receiving your reply .
Regards ,
However , young people generally do n't pay enough attention to their health and fitness .
There are many young people who follow Hollywood stars or famous singers and want to have the same bodies as them .
As a consequence , they become slim and they do n't ingest enough proteins and vitamins to have a healthy life .
On the other hand , teenagers are becoming more dependent on cellphones , video games and television , which make them being more sedentary .
This way , they would be doing physical exercise .
Finally , to be healthy , it is also important to eat a balanced food .
In conclusion , young people should behave differently towards their health and fitness .
The statement is rather too categorical , because to say that there is no future is going too far .
It is true though , that public transport would not be the general public 's first choice .
Sometimes the reasons for doing so are not to do with convenience but , rather more to do with economic issues or matters of conscience .
If we think selfishly , then the car is the obvious choice .
It is initially expensive , but it is so handy that we end up thinking it is part of us and even think we can not live without it .
Raising people 's awareness of pollution and how we must have a more sustainable existence is what makes us look for other less selfish and handy options .
Publis transport is always going to be slower , less flexible and much less convenient , but we have the reassurance that we are doing what is best for our planet .
In conclusion , public transport will always have a future if local governments have policies to promote it .
It is never the attractive option , but it is the one which shows more solidarity .
Government jobs carry with them serious responsibilities .
It is therefore no surprise that a person 's age and experience come under scrutiny when positions in government need to be filled .
Many feel influential government jobs should be reserved for those who are older and have more experience , while others feel the criterion for these positions should be capability , namely whomever is most able to carry out the job .
This essay will look at both sides before drawing a logical conclusion .
On the one hand , many argue that younger people should be made ineligible for important government positions , and the implications of this opinion are clear .
Those operating at senior levels within a country 's military , for example , require field experience to prevent disastrous decisions that could cause the needless loss of life .
Were younger people allowed to fast track their ascension within a country 's military , they could find themselves having to make critical choices based more on theoretical study than practical experience , and this could have catastrophic results .
Thus , is it understandable why many feel younger government workers should be incubated before being given promotion to important positions .
However , there are several plausible counters to this argument .
For one , younger workers bring creativity and fresh ideas to government .
For example , young government workers in Canada successfully pushed to increase HIV understanding and dispel stigmas attached to the disease in the 1980s , a development that encouraged tolerance and reduced irrational fear .
In addition to fresh ideas , it should be remembered that to get a government job , one has to successfully engage a rigorous screening process .
If a younger person engages this process as well or better than an older person , it is hard to argue that age should be a decisive factor when offering employment .
It is clear from these reasons that there is merit to awarding important government career options to younger people .
Thus , a person 's age should not be considered a universal precursor to the awarding of government jobs .
Promotional Objective :
One of the promotional objectives is to increase the awareness of Trivago in Hong Kong .
For example , it promoted their search engine by the television commercial and a Youtube advertisement .
Since most of the people watch the television not for just a few minutes or do not just watch one or two video(s ) in Youtube , they will be enforced to watch its advertisement more than one times .
Trivago has a very simple and rememberable tagline , which is ' Hotels ?
Trivago ' .
Also , Trivago wants to increase its market share by entering the Hong Kong Market .
If they are aware of the benefits of using Trivago , they will love to use this as they could spend less time to compare all the hotels .
Doing promotion is one of the ways to improve its image .
Trivago is trying to demonstrate represent that it is the most convenient hotel search engine in the market .
Current advertising strategy
We found one of the Television advertisements which is currently being broadcast undertaking in Hong Kong .
The advertisement is about 16 seconds long .
There is a narrator who introduces the function of Trivago and demonstrates " how to use its mobile application to search for a worthiest hotel . "
We will analyze its strategies from different perspectives below .
If the advertisement is designed well , people will remember it .
Moreover , television has the advantage of being able to utilize sight , sound and motion .
Combining a catchy theme tune and a well - designed visual advertisement can increase the chances of viewers remembering the brand .
This also allows for more creative options .
As designers are not limited to using only sound or still images , they can create advertisements that are appealing visually and audibly .
Background Music
It can make people feel youthful and it matches to the taste of young adults , which are Trivago 's target customers .
Besides , music also has other benefits .
It helps the audience to better recall the advertisement and stored it in long - term memory .
It can also increase the retention of visual information .
Demonstration
It demonstrates all the steps from searching for the hotel , choosing selection criteria and comparing the price to different hotels .
Through the demonstration , Trivago can show to the audience how easy it is to use its mobile application to find a worthiest hotel .
Therefore , with the visual effect , a demonstration is the most effective way to teach the audience to use the mobile application .
Informative
The narrator directly indicates the functions of the mobile application .
For those who are high interested in hotel searching service , they may notice to such an informative advertisement .
Cognitive Strategy
In the television commercial , Trivago uses cognitive message strategy .
This strategy shows its profession and reliability for its target customers .
Conative Strategy
On the other hand , Trivago also applies conative strategy in the advertisement .
Means - End Chain
Moreover , the " Means - End Chain " is adapted in the television advertisement .
The leverage point of Trivago is providing hotel room search services .
By using the Trivago 's services , customers can search for the worthiest price of the hotel room to gain benefit .
The advertisement can show that they are wisdom by using Trivogo 's service to plan an economically trip .
Mean - End Chain is being used , as Trivago is not only to help customer search for a hotel room , but also to achieve the personal value for customer which is worthier than the money the customer saved in booking a hotel room .
Trivago use this way to enhance its brand image and competitive advantage , since the value of its services is increased .
Tagline
Nevertheless , Trivago designs a tagline in the television commercial .
The tagline ' ' Hotels ?
Trivago '' , can introduce the key idea of the television commercial .
Besides , it can also improve the consistency of advertising platforms .
As the tagline is catchy , if the tagline is continuously applied on the other advertisements , it will not be easy to stray from the main idea .
Other communication tools
People currently seldom listen to the radio .
Without the visual effect , it becomes less attractive .
It makes it people hard to search for Trivago on the Internet .
Therefore , the product awareness driven by a radio advertisement is not enough .
Likewise , Trivago is an online service , so a Newspaper advertisement may not be appropriate for it .
And there is a risk of hiring a spokesperson , as he may not bring an expected return for the company .
Therefore , a television commercial is likely to be the most suitable method to promote its brand in Hong Kong .
Jacob was absolutely furious when he saw what was going on outside his window .
A group of young boys was once again doing graffiti on the front of his house .
Not even a month before , he had paid a fortune to get his place refurbished and painted .
He was fed up with all this profanity .
How many times would he have to face this irreverence ?
He headed for the front door in a rage .
The moment he reached the street he started yelling at them .
Of course , they all left in a rush .
While he was standing on the pavement , tears of resentment covered his face .
No one had ever responded to his demands .
He knew that among his innermost feelings there was a growing icy animosity towards human nature .
He wondered how he would react next time .
A few minutes later , his good next - door neighbour came by to help him to calm down and to collect the art weapons left over by the graffiti vandals .
Yes , it 's football !
And it is also known to be my favourite sport .
I know that for some , playing football is boring , but for me , it 's the most awesome thing ever .
I 'm a freak when it comes to football .
I think I had watched almost all the football matches in history , especially when it was the FIFA World Cup season .
I would not sleep until the game was over .
I enjoy playing football because the feeling you get when you are on the field is priceless .
I was told that I was a natural player when I was young .
I did n't need any coaching since my football skills came naturally .
I think that I got this from my dad and my elder brother .
Both of them are just like me , we freak out when it comes to football !
Make sure to play smoothly for the first time and make sure to use a football shoe when you 're playing in the field .
Do you have a favourite sport ?
Playing tennis means more to me than anything else .
First , whether played individually or in teams , it 's great fun and demands a lot of effort .
Winning or losing is up to you when you play singles , and you know you have to do your best to achieve the best score .
Also , I love it because it takes my mind off my worries .
It has helped me to stay focused and improve my concentration , too .
Do n't forget to buy a good pair of tennis shoes and a fairly good racket .
All in all , I 've practised many sports in my life , but tennis 's been by far the best exercise for both , my mind and my body .
Give it a try and you 'll see !
Do you know " The Flying Dutchman " ? I consider him as the Dutch Superman of 2013 , since he has won some important sports competitions .
Do you also know Clown Bassie ?
Well , I consider him as the meanest Dutch celebrity of this year .
" The Flying Dutchman " , also known as Epke Zonderland , is a gymnast from Groningen who was the first man worldwide to do an incredibly difficult exercise on the parallel bars .
By performing this exercise perfectly , he became the World Champion this year ( and he also won the gold medal at the Olympics of 2012 ) .
For this achievement , I admire him quite a lot .
Why would you treat toddlers so badly ?
To summarise , my hero of 2013 is Epke Zonderland , because of his achievements in the gym .
My villain of this year is Clown Bassie , since I think his behaviour is unacceptable !
For this reason , many people now believe that there is no future for public transport .
These people believe that ver the next few years we will see a severe decline in the amount of people using bus , trains , trams , etc . to get to places .
We share moments with those people using the same mode of transport as us .
Also , it is an excellent way of saving the environment .
By using public transport , we reduce our carbon footprint and help to save the Earth .
If you 're looking for a great film to watch on a rainy day , I totally recommend Alice in Wonderland .
It would give you all the magic of a fantasy film based on a book .
Directed by Tim Burton , the story is a retelling of the fantasy novel Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland .The film shows a young Alice Troubled by a strange recurring dream , the loss of her beloved father , an unwanted marriage proposal , and the oppressive expectations of the society in which she lives .
The film features Mia Wasikowska as Alice .
With her sweet face , pale skin , and great acting , she looks perfect as a confused and brave girl who has to save that " wonderful " world .
But it 's not just the acting that is great in this film .
The cinematography is fantastic , with wonder digital landscapes .
But what really makes it magical is the makeup and the costume design , they really managed to create something amazing with the appearance of the characters .
Finally , the film had the great touch of Tim Burton as director .
If you enjoy a classic book , but with more action and a little bit twisted ; watch Alice in Wonderland .
I totally recommend it , you will not be disappointed .
Is science evil ?
People 's opinions on this question differ widely .
I think that science has altered our lives in a positive way .
Here are some facts to support my view .
In the century of advancing communications and technology , it is hard to imagine the world without medicine , astronomy , computers , and history .
People today are interested in learning about the surrounding world , about new civilizations and distant planets .
Science explains to us a lot of the things that we previously were not aware of .
It also gives us clues that there may be life on other planets and we might not be the most superior beings in the world .
By using computers nowadays , it is very convenient to find the information you are looking for .
There is no secret for the human beings today , because they have explored every place on the Earth .
They climb the highest mountains , dive in the depths of the oceans , and conduct dangerous experiments and all for the sake of science .
With its help , for example , people are able to cope with natural disasters .
We know how to destroy hail clouds which can cause great damage to our crops .
We are also able to protect ourselves from various diseases and help the sick .
On the other hand , the greatness of science goes together with its disadvantages .
For example , we are obliged to agree that science has given no answer to man 's doubts .
To conclude , I will only say that science makes our lives easier .
With its help , we cope with different situations and that is why it is so fundamental to human existence and I think is not evil .
When you start to consider interests and strengths , it makes sense to consider your interests first .
After all , a successful career is best measured in how satisfying you find it , and it 's easier to develop strengths and skills than to actually have to learn to find something interesting .
While we are studying , we may not think seriously about job .
But in a few years ' time our job will be one of the most important things in our everyday life .
When someone asks an adult " what do you do ? " ,
they nearly always reply with their occupation .
Work , for most of us , will be the defining aspect of life and , thus , of our identity .
Through our work , we find an identity , we can find status , intellectual stimulation as well as wealth , which enables us to buy comfort .
We can work out our place in the world .
We each have a picture of who we are and what we will / won't do in our heads , once formed , our brains garner the evidence that it is a true picture and ignore evidence that suggests that it is not true .
So when people say ' I do n't do numbers ' , ' I do n't do detail ' ' I do n't do preparation ' , they believe it and make it true . '
I ca n't do sales ' becomes a self - fulfilling prophecy .
We can change our beliefs , actions and thus our identity through experimentation , practice and conscious self - discipline .
In an age where career progression may lead us into new environments and sectors , it is ever more important to challenge our sense of self and explore whether you can create ' a new you ' by changing the beliefs you hold about yourself and the world , in order to develop and expand your career options .
Factors behind the decline
This means we will lose a part of our national history .
While the fact that those buildings are not seen as worthy of preservation is an important factor , demolition is more frequently caused by a lack of public funds .
However , even with these arguments , demolition is more frequently affected by a lack of public funds because it covers the part about the hindsight of an appropriate budget for eventually renovating as well .
With no appropriate budget it is unreasonable to keep old buildings which are useless when they are not renovated .
And above that , without public funds , there are too few people who show they care about the fate of historical buildings .
After all , the factor with the most influence on the decline of local buildings is the lack of public funds which make it possible to keep our old buildings , or at least a few of them , because these funds frequently accumulate money for projects like renovations .
Any form of public transport like a bus or a train is too much of an inconvenience , especially in a large city such as London .
Not a good scene , is it ?
Definitely not a good way to start your day .
Transportation is very important in our daily life and , in this modern world we live in , the very least that we expect from almost anything is inconvenience .
This is why , most of us , prefer to travel with our own car rather than by a public transport ; not only that it keeps us within our own private sphere , it also keeps us dry when travelling on a rainy day .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Paula Zuidweg and I have recently graduated from high school .
Next year I will be starting the Psychology bachelor programme at the University of Groningen , and I would like to earn some money beforehand .
So , when I came across this advertisement yesterday , I found myself thinking how wonderful it would be to apply for this job .
I believe myself to be a suitable person for this job , as I am a hard - working , reliable , cheerful , fun - loving person .
When I was 15 years old , I started looking after our neighbour 's children , aged seven and nine .
When I was almost three years old , my parents moved to Indonesia because of their work circumstances .
There I went to Surabaya International School , where I learnt English .
Two years later , we moved back , but I continued speaking in both Dutch and English to my parents .
I also read books in English , so I think my English is certainly good enough for this job .
My hobbies include drawing , baking cakes , and reading .
I like photography too , although I haven't been doing that for a long time .
I 'm interested in philosophy as well ; I enjoy writing essays about psychological or philosophical subjects , so every now and then I write an essay in my free time .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
P. Zuidweg
Fame and the attitude to fame have been one of the most thought - provoking topics .
Students usually find it very inspiring and engaging to discuss this issue because it is very difficult to give a clear - cut answer and so , it makes the process of discussion very exciting .
There may be a significant number of arguments which support the statement that fame is a good thing .
My personal attitude to fame is rather ambivalent .
On the one hand , I personally think that the desire to become famous is a great driving force that stimulates people and brings a lot of benefits to others in its wake .
Sportsmen are one of the most vivid examples of it .
If we take football clubs , for example , we can see that the desire to become well - known and popular makes football players very dedicated sportsmen .
They can fight against the odds to be in the top league .
It is remarkable how much stamina and spirit can be demonstrated by such sportsmen .
Their desire to be at the top contributes a lot to the fame and reputation of their clubs and countries as well .
What is equally important and adds to the importance of fame is that somebody 's desire to be famous can have a triggering effect on others .
It means that other people feel challenged and do n't want to fall behind and look like underdogs .
Without this stimulus , they may have been inactive .
On the other hand , an almost equal number of people may maintain a contrasting point of view .
They give examples of when the desire to become famous made people aggressive and ruthless .
Such people tried to achieve their goal irrespective of the means .
So , all in all , we can not answer this question as " yes " or " no " because there is an almost equal number of examples that help to support the contracting points of view .
It was midnight and Susan 's crying was muffled by her pillow .
She could n't believe that he was capable of doing such a horrendous thing .
It was seven o'clock when she got home with her arms full of grocery bags .
It was a strange atmosphere in the house and a chill went down her spine .
She brushed it off and went to the kitchen to put all the groceries on the kitchen counter .
She looked around the kitchen and saw a post - it on the fridge . '
We need to talk ' it said .
He was n't answering his phone . '
He might be busy .
She went to their bedroom to change her clothes and start dinner .
She wanted to surprise Michael with some delicious pasta and some rose wine .
She went down to the kitchen and proceeded with preparations , but she could n't get rid of that weird feeling . ' Something is up . I can feel it ' , so she picked up the phone and decided to call Michael again .
After three rings , he answered the phone , his breath short . '
Yeah ?
Hey baby ! '
" Hi . Where are you ? she asked , apprehension rising slowly . "
Oh , I had to finish something for work , so I 'll be late tonight . Do n't wait up ' he said and hung up .
She looked at the phone surprised and tried calling him again , but his phone was turned off .
She called his best friend and also his workmate and asked him about Michael , but he had no clue about it , so she decided to go to his office .
She was about to open the door when she heard a female voice coming from his office .
" What are we going to do ?
This is n't something that will go away in a few months .
What are we going to do about Susan ? " said the unfamiliar woman .
I guess we 'll just have to play this one cool , because I ca n't lose Susan .
Full of rage and disappointment , she opened the door and saw the woman sitting in Michael 's lap .
Michael was petrified .
Susan looked at him , then at the woman .
She could n't be more than twenty - two .
She looked at him again then turned around and left .
When she got home , she packed some of her belongings and drove to her best friend 's house .
After two hours , she could hear Michael 's voice coming from downstairs .
" I need to talk to her .
She needs to hear me out . I wo n't leave ! " .
Michael entered slowly and tried to approach his wife . "
Don't!"she said and threw the pillow at his face .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Respected teachers and all my friends
Good morning to one and all present here .
These days , we see in the walls written boycott of stop bullying .
Bullying may be defined as the activity of repeated , aggressive behavior intended to hurt another individual , physically , mentally or emotionally .
Bullying is characterized by an individual behaving in a certain way to gain power over another person .
It can be classified into four types :
Physical ( hitting , punching , or kicking )
Verbal ( name - calling or taunting )
Relational ( destroying peer acceptance and friendships )
Cyber - bullying ( using electronic means to harm others )
Those who have been the targets of bullying can suffer from long - term emotional and behavioral problems .
Bullying can cause loneliness , depression , anxiety , and lead to low self - esteem and illnesses .
In conclusion , I would like to say that self harm , low self - esteem and bullying are all causes of destruction in our schools . We need to stop this .
We need to do something to prevent it , before it 's too late .
It is my responsibility to help others being bullied and to report bullying .
Thank you
She was a machinist , and was currently working on some secret work he could n't understand .
As Michael heard the sound of breaking glass , he ran up to his mother 's office .
It was a man in his late thirties , very thin and with light grey eyes .
An evil smile was drawn on his face .
5 years later .
There he was , sitting on a bench in a garden , waiting for his mother .
But this time , he just knew she would never come .
She was not dead , but in a coma , in a hospital .
As he grew wiser and stronger , Michael still always had this hope that his mother would wake up .
But it would never happen , not anymore .
He sat by her side , and held her hand .
Tonight , she would be gone , he had already signed the papers , his choice was made .
Full of sorrow and pain , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Mr Beacon ,
I would like to apply for the job as a music and dance teaching assistant at your summer school as advertised in your advertisement .
I am a twenty - year - old student in my second year at National University of Culture of Ukraine .
Here I am studying dance and choreography .
However , I have no experience of working with children , apart from helping my parents with my brothers and sister .
But in the dance area I have a lot of achievements , such as victories in different competitions and festivals .
I am a very active and creative person with a desire to work .
And , of course , as required , I can speak English quite well and have a certificate that shows it .
In my point of view , my candidacy is enough suitable for this job , because I am a young person , that has all the required skills and a lot of energy to work .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Ilya Yashina
My first memories of food are from my early years , as I looked at my grandmother cooking typical Spanish dishes such as paella or tortilla .
She 'd cook the best tortilla , paella and all of the typical Spanish dishes that I 've ever eaten .
A few years afterwards , right when I started high school and hit my teenager years , I began eating bigger amounts of unhealthy food from American fast food restaurants that I used to go to with my friends some days right after class and during the weekends .
By the time my high school years were done , and right when I attended university , I developed a certain predilection for typical healthy Spanish food , unavoidibly combined with less fast food due to the usual diners with friends .
The main cause of that change was that I had to have breakfast , lunch and dinner at my college dorm 's dining room , that had amazingly good cooks , They 'd cook really good dishes such as cocido , garbanzos and paella .
Wonderful inventions such as the train , bus and airplane have allowed us the freedom to travel and explore this great planet for a lower price .
Industrialization gave us the ability to mass produce public transit vehicles so that everyone could be free to move .
Travelling by car may be more convenient on an individual basis but pollution is a danger we have to face .
If all of us used cars , the levels of pollution would be incredibly high .
There is a problem , though .
Prices of train tickets can be very high and they should be reduced .
If those who run public transportation systems hope to make them greener in the future , they 'll have to come up with solutions that are both energy efficient and effective .
In conclusion , I think that public transport has an important role to play if we want to preserve the quality of life in our cities .
I believe that my background is suitable for this position .
My first degree gave me a good track record in physiology and anatomy , and the experience , as a biological sciences ' student and as a research fellow , allowed me to build a scientific way of thinking .
In addition , I am committed to science and I am a dedicated , team - oriented person , who is able to work independently .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
Therefore , I am writing to give you my details .
First of all , I consider it very important to learn a second language and English is a very commonly used one around the world .
I need to speak English when I travel abroad .
So , I need to have a good vocabulary to understand the materials I find on the Internet .
Secondly , I have been studying English for six years . I am good at reading and grammar , but I am conscious that I need to practise my speaking .
I can start the course as soon as possible and I plan to spend 6 months on it .
Finally , I have an interest in technology , the environment and science .
In my free time , I like to read books and play board games .
I am looking forward to receiving my programme of study .
Yours faithfully ,
Ana Ferreira
The city authorities have a very strict policy regarding waste disposal .
All citizens are involved in the process by organizing their waste in the corresponding bins and by making good use of the waste calendar .
Every house in the village has three containers :
In addition , yellow plastic bags are provided for free to separate the plastic , cans and bricks .
The yellow bags and the glass are processed at no cost , whatever the volume .
On the other hand , the city provides a punctual public transport system , which is very convenient .
This system relies on the tram .
The bus network completes the public transport service .
The city is bike friendly and bike paths are available .
Large forests and country roads , where cars are not allowed , are also part of the offer .
Jack and the great , furry waffle .
Jack was a fat , lazy guy who loved food , and he would never miss a meal .
One day , before this new law was established , a crazy scientist created a new waffle , " the great , furry waffle .
" This was an incentive for Jack to go out , he was sure that destiny had rewarded him with this blessing , because he had eaten ten hot dogs in a row , although he felt a bit sick after , he knew it was worth the try .
He knew he would n't last a day in the heat , but there was nothing better than a new waffle .
Jack bought a ticket to the earliest flight to Texas , once he got off the plane , he ran through the landscape .
He liked the trend of everyone being fat in America , that way , he could fit in .
Once he got to the laboratory where the pancake was made , he told the mad scientist that he wanted to eat his waffle .
It was a combination of bacon , meat , and cheese with a little bit of butter .
What he did n't expect was that all the hair had gotten stuck in his throat , leaving him unable to breathe !
In a matter of seconds , nothing he fell to the ground , choking .
Suddenly , a giant fish fell from the sky , causing him to spit out the hairball , Jack could not believe what he saw , the man riding the fish was Bugs Bunny !
These standards are called unwritten rules , which can be defined as unspoken rules imposed in each culture to make the population to live more civilly ( Bob Greene , How Unwritten Rules Circumscribe Our Lives - Paragraph 6 ) .
In fact , since the beginning , the written rules have helped to create the civilizations , while the unwritten rules have helped to maintain them , allowing life to be more harmonious .
For example , I can cite the importance of the unwritten rules in my own culture , the Brazilian culture .
Surprisingly , on the other hand , a speech too low is seen as an antisocial rule , and can be interpreted as an offense .
In Brazilian culture , if , during a conversation , a person speaks too low , the listener will assume that the speaker does not want to continue with the dialog or does not care about what you are talking .
As vocal patterns are considered so important for Brazilians , personal territory is another unwritten rule that it is easy to see people using on the streets daily .
In some countries , like the United States , whose respect of personal territory is extremely important , the public and the intimate space can vary between 25 feet and the touching ( Edward T. Hall ) .
In Brazil , also there is this difference between the public and the intimate space , yet the magnitude of this is not the same of in the U.S.
Soon , even though the distance between people are shorter in Brazil , both countries value the idea of maintaining a space that both people feel comfortable with , called personal space .
As a result , some people can make misinterpretations .
For example , in some cultures , Brazilians can be considered rude by women because they like to keep a constant eye contact , and for these women , this means a lack of respect or invasion of privacy .
Differently , foreign men often believe that they are being desired due to this constant eye contact .
In general , this supposition is not regarded as true for many people in our culture , since Brazilians believe that constant eye contact is one of the most important points to maintain a good dialog .
According to the article " Nonverbal Communication : Speaking without Words " , eye contact is important because " insufficient eye contact can create communication barriers " .
In fact , in Brazil , the eye contact is primordial , being considered to be without interest to the speaker or that the speaker is bothering you if you do not give enough attention when you are talking to them .
The source of this rule is easy to be identified , especially when the parents are talking to their kids ; it is hard to get exclusively the kid 's attention , but the parents insistently repeat , " look at me when I am talking to you " .
In Brazil , the social rules like vocal patterns reflect in the communication values , which can be decisive to keep a good communication .
Eye contact is another important cultural value which is used by Brazilians , meaning respect and interest for others .
Because of these varieties of values and rules , usually there are some misunderstandings between people of different nations .
Wondering what he might be doing , Michael shouted :
- Why are you in such a hurry ?
- I 'm late for my piano lesson ! I really have to go , see you later - John replied , panting .
- Oh , okay , bye !
- Hey Alex !
Do you want to go out ?
-
Yeah , sure !
Where should we meet ?
- How about the cafe near our school ?
- To be perfectly honest , I do n't really like it there !
See you there at half past six ?
- Ok , see you later then .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a terrible mistake .
Bond , Morton and Braakhuis ( 2012 ) also argue that nitrate is considered a potent vasodilator .
The reason for this is that the nitric oxide relaxes blood vessels and dilates them , which helps the blood flow more easily and lowers blood pressure .
Surprisingly , the current study has found significant changes in both systolic and diastolic blood pressure post exercise .
In conclusion , the results of the present study indicate that supplementation of beetroot juice has no significant effect on 700 m rowing ergometer performance .
It is unquestionable that some research found significant improvements .
In this present study , however , the rowing time of the participants was not shorter than times without supplementation .
By this action , beetroot juice may effectively protect the cardiovascular system during exercising .
By this action , athletes may improve their performance as well as their quality of life .
Dear editor ,
I read your article about technology and education in the newspaper yesterday and I am writing this letter because I strongly disagree with your personal opinion about teachers and education .
Due to the fact that I am studying to become a teacher , I have some more knowledge about this subject than any other people , because I am in the school classroom every day and I face the reality of it every day .
Of course , I make use of a computer and projector during my teaching daily , because this is a pleasant and entertaining activity for children .
The traditional educational process may sometimes seem to be boring and dull for children , but a teacher should be a part of this process as a guide .
So , the teacher is a necessary part of the educational process .
Nowadays , young people graduate from universities , who come up with new and innovative ideas about the educational process , and so , the tradition will be updated next years .
Furthermore , when it 's necessary , good students can help the other classmates to improve themselves .
In this kind of education , the teacher is only the guide who helps students to discover the information on their own .
Furthermore , it makes children more sociable .
In contrast , interactive learning may bring some advantages , but it can also makes children antisocial , because they learn on their own without the need to be in the school with other people .
They do n't need to co - operate and to work as a team .
To sum up , I am not against interactive learning and the use of technology .
My personal opinion is this it is not sufficient to cover the education process .
I think that it is efficient when there is a combination of traditional education and interactive learning .
The " Campo de Marte " sports centre
The " Campo de Marte " sports centre in Lima is the perfect place for young people who are keen on sports and for the ones who would like to take up a sport .
This is a good option , especially during the summer time .
While doing these activities , teenagers will easily make new friends and develop new skills .
Also , this is a healthy way of getting fit .
This sports centre provides a huge variety of physical activities .
Besides , you have the chance to take part in international competitions if you stand out .
Another important activity is swimming .
However , during the winter it can be not warm enough to swim properly .
I think English is , in fact , very important because , first of all , although not being the most spoken language in the world , it is the official language in a large number of countries .
Most of the content produced on the internet ( 50% ) is in English and , last but not least , although learning English can be challenging and steals some of our precious time , we can see that it is also very valuable to learn and can also create many opportunities .
About the accommodation , we talked and decided that we would prefer to be with English - speaking families because of what a great opportunity it is for everyone to actually test their speaking skills .
This is a once in a lifetime opportunity and I am certain that we will cherish every second of every minute there .
Regarding the students ' preferences , they all love the outdoors , like parks and rivers , and they also love a good museum because of their thirst for knowledge .
Concerning this amazing trip , I only have two questions left starting with the weather , considering your experience with the changes happening at this time of the year , and the second and last , about what type of clothes you recommended , which is of great importance primarily for our female students .
Yours sincerely
Margaret Dunn
I agree with the statement above to some extent .
Actually , you have more freedom in which roads to choose and you can have breaks whenever you feel a need for some time off the street .
In addition , driving by yourself you are not limited by the stations you have to visit .
Going by train , for example , you need to get to the next train station and , afterwards , from the destination train station to your target .
Often enough , you have to rely on other services , such as busses or taxis , to reach your destination .
On the other hand , using public transportation is good for the environment because the amount of gas , electricity and other materials used is a lot lower per head .
Furthermore , you have the chance to take a nap , do some work or watch TV while you are being transported .
Moreover , you can be lucky enough to avoid big traffic jams , especially if you are taking the train .
As a conclusion , you can say public transport will have its use even in the future . While going by car may be more comfortable from time to time , the reasons I stated above lead me to the conclusion that public transport is necessary .
Public transportation modes like trains and buses have been immensely helpful to the general public throughout the past couple of decades .
On the other hand , travelling by car is getting for popular than it ever was with the development of science and technology .
People who are based on rural and remote areas are always prefer to use public transportation , according to the researchers from Columbia University .
Not only people in countries where it has poor public transportation , but also in the most developed countries , there is a high tendency of using cars instead of depending on public transportation .
Use of high power efficiency and linear high power amplifier ( HPAs ) are growing .
Power efficiency and linearity are important factors in many applications such as cellular communication , wireless communication .
The Class - E power amplifier satisfies those goals with linearity techniques .
Class - E power amplifier PAs work as a switch and can obtain , theoretically , 100% power efficiency . The Class - E power amplifier ( PA ) was introduced by Sokal in 1975 .
These PAs work as a switch and can obtain 100% Drain Efficiency , theoretically .
However , in practice there are some limitations , such as , switch on - resistance and various power losses that prevent achieving 100% Drain Efficiency .
Secret agents have often been chosen as the main character of stories and films , such as the James Bond 's ones , which managed to be really successful .
But what exactly makes spy stories so fascinating ?
First of all , being a spy requires special skills ; not everybody is suitable for this kind of life .
For instance , the ability to bear both physical and psychological stress is not something you can easily learn .
In the same way , a secret agent has to be able to take risks when required .
Therefore , bravery is very important : nobody needs a fearful spy .
Besides , since his work is secret , he ca n't let anybody , including family and friends , know about it .
So , although the life of secret agents may seem fascinating and exciting , it is also difficult and risky and not so simple as the one shown in films .
