It 's difficult to answer at the question " what are you going to do in the future ? " if the only one who has to know it is in two minds .
When I was younger , I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. I do n't know why .
I would like to study Psychology , because one day I would like to open my own psychology office and help people .
Maybe I 'll change my mind , maybe not .
The rich people will buy a car , but the poor people always need to use a bus or taxi .
I consider that is more convenient to drive a car , because you carry on more things in your own car than when travelling by car .
In my experience , when I did n't have a car I used to use the bus to go to the school and go back to my house .
In my opinion , the car is n't necessary when you have crashed in the street , in that moment , you realized the importance of a public transport .
In India , we have various types of Public transport , like Cycle , Bike , Car , Train & Flight .
Depending on the distance and duration to the desired place , the mode of transport is chosen accordingly .
This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been to and the place I visited is Agra .
Since , we have the option to wait anytime we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train & Flight ) .
Due to the above - mentioned reasons , I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Sarah .
I am 17 years old .
I am looking forward to join you in this year 's summer camps .
I hope that you give my the chance to join you .
Thanks
Volleyball is a sport that is play every place , when I travel on the beach I like plays with my sister in the sand and after we are going to the sea .
Dear Jo ,
For example , Barcelona , Madrid , Sevilla , Valencia .
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit . For example , in Madrid you can visit " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visit Madrid twice a year .
But , if you want , I will look for a job from you .
My best friend if looking for a people responsible for look after her sister .
Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after her every weekend .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Take care , Laura .
Today , public transport still play an important role in the transport system and it will keep on doing so in the future .
Because public transport is a more cost - effective and better resource allocation in mass transport system .
Also , people need not to suffer the high operating cost of running their own car .
But it can use a cheaper way of going to their destination , especially if it is far away from home .
For example , I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane for travelling to another country .
Instead , it will be common to buy an air ticket and ride on a public plane .
In my opinion , I think that public transport in future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that does n't have enough money to pay for a car , even if it is used , so public transport will continue to have a future but people are going to use more the cars then bus or the underground .
If we think about it , the car is better because we do n't need to wait for them has we are waiting for the bus or underground , but in another way car cust more money than the public transport .
By car , we can just stay with ourselves , which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like and we do n't need to be around people that are unkwoned but if we chose public transport , we can meet friends or family , so both trasnportations are good , and the cars do n't need necessarialy to end up with the public transport .
If I had it to choose between both forms of transportation , I think I would probably chose car because it is better for me to go by car then to go by bus .
In my community , we are very interested at the environment and ecological things .
In some strategic points of the building , we have special trashcans to separate the garbage in organic , paper and cardboard , cans and pet bottles and they also made talks and presentations about the earth 's problems , like global warming , contamination , etc .
All this initiatives has made us all , over the years , a recognised ecological community .
Michael was a little kid when he had a dream that was : to Be a super hero !
After many years , he still dream to become a super hero .
Then the two started to date .
Michael and Kate was so happy , until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a super hero , Kate get so nervous saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid 's dream and that Michael was only dreaming but that would never happen and that super hero do n't exist .
When she said that , Michael started to cry and get mad , saying that she was lying and do n't have a heart .
He got so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment .
He cried with a lot of blood around .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transportation is an important invention in human history , it brings a amount of benefits in our life .
For instance , we take the subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic .
Giving them a safe , clean and comfortable place to live .
If there is no public transportation , traffic jam will be more serious than before .
In my country , taipei , we are always stock in traffic for about one hour in the morning .
The car is convenient for human , but it brings damage for human also .
For example , carbon dioxide , which is created by car .
It cause global warming , which threats our environment and harms our daily life .
we can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather - related disaster happened in recent decades , such as typhoon , hurricane , wild fire and mud slide .
The NG Office is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped .
If the film does n't arrive on time , it immediately .
Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process will be started right away .
The pleasure of traveling
People go , people come .
There are a wide variety of things to do and enjoy the trip .
Although , the better option , is to pick out a train .
There is n't any comparation on watching the changes in the landscape through a window , enjoying the way that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days .
Anyway , no matter how you go , no matter where you go .
Transportation is one of the most important thing on life , so we have many of kinds for transportation . Now we travel by car , but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy ways to travel , like fast train and plane that can transport you from north to south in less than an hour . This will make business men happy and comfort because of saving a lot of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible .
Friends could be communicated and exchanged the ideas , feelings and funny things that happened around ourselves .
In this case , the families played important roles in our daily lives .
The reasons are as follows .
Secondly , the families could give you some advice about how to deal with the things which will cause you trouble .
If difficulties was told to the families , the ideas would come up to your families and they will communicate with you about how to solve this situation .
The Computing Technology has been advancing very much this last years , making the old computers almost useless , getting better , and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new discoverement .
You can have a portable computer now , and take it with you to every place you visit .
Get rekt m8
I went to the abandon house and started to think of the best way to make his life miserable . i passed the next 2 weeks looking for ideas to make him sufer .
As i did n't found nothing , i went to the place where he live at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about . So as i continued to go to his houes i notice he will alays go to tehe same house so i decidec to follow him to the house and i foun out he was dating a girl . She might be his girlfrien so i finally gota an idea , i would drive him crazy just as he did with me , that way she will think he had problems on his mind and left him , but son i thougt about it again and realized that if i did that she will try to help him and they will be more united , so i decided to drive them both crazy , almost at the border of death , jus as he did with me !
But wait a minute , am i really so angry to make this ?
Yes !
I screamed , my anger had dominated my mind . i did nt had no longer control over my actions , i was afarid of what i had become and what i could do , but i could not control my self and the only thing i could think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satisaction i would feel when i finally had my revange , the best revange .
But i was so mad at him and so ansiouns to make his life imposible , and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the sufering i had been throug became stronger and bigger , i had made a desition i was goingo to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life to tourtoring me and not wanting me to be happy , i would the time is nesesary for him to have a miserable life and i wo nt stop until i had acomplished my goald
On the one hand , travel by car are really much more convenient , as it give the chance to you to be independent .
On the other hand , huge traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by car .
My Favourite sport
For me , football is everything in my life .
When I see football on the television I dream with play in a big team and in a big championship like the Barclays Premier League , Ligue 1 or Liga BBVA .
My favourite clubs are Benfica and Real Madrid , where Ronaldo plays , for me , he is the Best Player in the world , that is why Ronaldo won the Gold ball of 2014 .
I dream in win a lot os leagues in Football and win the best championship , the Uefa Champions League , and the best scorer of all the time in Uefa Champions League is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player .
I play football because I like it but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad .
His dream is that I become the next captain of a big team and win a lot of money .
My name is Jonny .
I am 25 years old .
I had experience of holding basketball competition when I was a student .
I Planned many interesting activities for views to make competition alive .
They enjoyed the game .
I also like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I always help her .
My personality is cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I really want to get this job .
I think that a smile is the best gift in this world .
I am also a hard worker .
I have passion for this job .
public transportation has been more used by people and over the years it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more safe but some people prefer cars to extent do we agree with this and what is our reasons for that ? That is what are we going to demonstrate in this essay .
before about 40 years there was nothing called public transportation and people rarely owned cars , so in those years there was not even good facility to move from one place to other and that is because there was no companies to build cars in about 10 years , cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having her own fans . At the beginning , the faced a lot of problems , but they were able to solve it by the end .
nowadays all facilities of travelling are more convenient , from cars to buses , even trains and planes .some people prefer cars because the do not like crowded places or because the find it sometimes cheaper but from another point of view , public transportation is very cheap and even faster . But when it comes to traveling , a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy themselves more by chilling out from crowded places .
to summaries it is different from some oneis opinion to another . I predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more , and that by the end , cars will disappear and will will no longer be used .
The topic itself explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country .
This conclusion become more prominent if we look into the data of the car companies and the exponential growth in their sales figure and , with low budget private cars in the picture , the scenario has ddrastically changed in the past 10 years .
Development of the biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth .
If you are living in a big town or a small one , It does n't matter , but one thing that should be taking care of by the people and organiser of the town , is the environment .
Global warming is a huge issue in today 's date .
Government should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slow down .
However , we , the people , have really important part of making it worse .
Recycling item can be a good step to start with for a clean and safe environment , which is perfectly and promptly taking care of by my city .
Everyone have to plant a tree in front of their home with the rule of the province government .
People is not realizing that cutting down the tree can reduce the production of oxygen in the atmosphere .
Eventually , human will have no more fresh air to breath .
Additionally , our city government has prohibited smoking in public area and under 18 year old and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of the importance of a clean , safe , fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion , I would suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning the environment so one day it can be seen in the whole country .
Everybody has his favourite sport .
Usually , i play football with my classmates .
Before training , i ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get a power and my body gets an energy .
Our team has a hard - working coach and he gives professional advice to us , how to improve our football skills .
I can say , that coach is an experienced person .
Not so long ago , we are had a competition .
Football is my life .
What 's up ?
How are you ?
How was your day today ?
It 's really nice for your expressly e - mail yesterday .
You regret that you were n't there with me . I 'll try to dicribe everything precisely , becouse I know that you very
Dear Paul ,
I have seen your notice in the academy newspaper and I 'm quite interested . I have no plans for this summer , so I think it is a good idea to spend it .
I was born in the UK , so I can be a very good teacher of English .
Although I came to Spain ten years later , so I can speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary .
By the way , I remember I had to create a dynamic training course to do with the other ballet - course members . I had to be the teacher for one day and I did n't forget it because I felt wonderful .
All members congratulated me , as well .
I hope you keep in mind my candidature , because I 'm not going to disappoint you .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion , public transport wo n't be suffered by the shortage in demand .
Because not everyone can afford to buy their own car .
Besides , there are lots of low - income people who ca n't buy their own car .
So I think public transport 's future is bright .
In my opinion , Family is the place that had you best friend can help each other and know each .
In the Taiwan , many of people have to take care of them parent when they get old , but the point is , what if you can not survival , I mean , you do n't have enough money to raise you parent .
Back to the topic , I do n't know well any of the member of in my family , I do n't trust them , honestly .
In Malaysia , the weather is slightly warmer than there .
That 's why I order all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try of their own food .
You can also bought a lot of gifts , like key chains , statue , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia .
I did not have to go to NewZealand but , believe me , it is a very beautiful place .
I live in Lentini , a small city in East Sicily .
People collect any kind of rubbish and throws it all together in black sack .
What a pity !
The suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .
There are orange trees , a large lake and Etna in the background .
But when I was a teenager , I began to live situations that I did not like it , for instance , the girls said to me bad things or they talked bad about me .
In those years , I lived the worst moments in my life .
I remember , when I celebreted my 15th birthday , only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party ; I think that this day was one of the worst day of my life .
There night , I cried because I felt that I have not got any friends .
However , my parents tried to make it so that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and we together we went to eat pizza and they gave me a lot of presents .
I knew that they would never talk bad about me .
Now , my husband is my best friend .
Also , he is very funny and I laugh a lot with him .
We both like to travel around the world and to practise some sports , for example , tennis , running or trekking .
We like watching TV series and cooking several desserts , too .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially , David , my husband .
This advertisement for a job has been reading by a suitable person .
I am interested in this work because I enjoy travelling and I am a teacher , so I like working with the children .
I am sure that I will look after the children very well .
I would like to speak English perfectly , so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps , I will improve my level of English .
Hi Sam
The lessons are very funny .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , energetic and hardworking person besides I have a recommended paper from
my last company .
I hope you are interested in my application .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sandra Barrientos
the tecnology have chanched the people 's life very much.in fact , we can think how different is our life respect either to our parents ' or our grandparents ' life.for example , my parents did n't whacth on tv , because there was n't any tv on the world when they were young.but it is n't the alone difference : we can think at the mobilefone , the computer ed at least the internet.our grandparents woundn't imagine a strange machine like the computer in their life .
Although the fact that personal vehicle like the car now is popular , in the future , the stance of public transport is still be very crucial .
People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation such as the electric metro use this kind of energy .
As a result , governments will invest more in researching the usage of these new types of energy , and travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than a using personal car .
The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas , and it will become much more convenient .
In addition , the population is increasing rapidly , in the near future , almost cities in the world will become overcrowded , It will lead to many other problems that will need to be solved , for example , traffic jams , air pollution .
Each person should practice saving energy when using any source of eneny to protect his own live .
In conclusion , investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably , public services of travelling have a bright potential and it 's stance in the future ca n't be replaceble .
Are you free for weckend , have you got any plans .
Me and my friends go to the cinema , and I am invite you to go with us .
If you are interesedt , find me at 8 o ' clock near the cinema entrance .
Thank you Helen for those wonderful presents .
I went to temple in the morning followed by lunch at the hotel . Then latter in the evening I went to the beach .
In conclusion , it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects a and stable environment for the younger generation to grow up in .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs , economic stability is affected as a result of a lack of people contributing to the economy .
The cause of Brain - drain should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and more rational pattern , for it is a global issue .
In this situation , developing nations should take control of inflation ; focus on boosting up the infrastructure and law enforcement to support the public in a positive manner .
There is n't too feww oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe easily .
Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb .
It 's very good .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything .
For example , there are girl she is in my class and she is beautiful .
I love her look .
I hope I can forget her .
Run for your life
I like to running fast , so fast in fact that it feel me as if I run on air and the feet do not hardly touch the ground between the strides .
My favourite place to run is in the forest , but I like to run sportive too .
I am likeing to feel the ground under my feet is soft , so soft , not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the city of the streets .
The bestest advice I can giving to someone who is starting the running is to starting slowly and not to try to run too fast , but then to eventually build up the running week by week so that every week you are running a little more further and a little more faster and then , after 20 years , you will be an Olympic champion maybe .
In my opinion , television can be educational . Whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
Of course , it 's important to choose the right television shows .
Although one could argue that you can always learn something .
A friend of mine recently explained that if a zombie apokalyspe should happen , he would be prepared because he has been watching Walking Dead for some time now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in that case .
I 'm a forensic biologist and I deeply love my job .
In the last few years , forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of results and less time required for analyze a sample , but what struck me most is how fast this change happens .
Television seems to be a controversial tool .
Here there is one : do television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way ?
It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children 's horizons in the past few years , how quickly an adult learn different basics from a great deal number of educational programmes , such as cooking , science and technology .
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations are required to possess .
I think who the best restaurant where we can go to is " the sailor 's restaurant " .
The atmosphere remind the theme of the sea . In fact , the walls are decorating with a lot of shell and the waiters are dressed like sailors : I think that it 's a great idea !
Also , It 's perfect for our class because there is a lot of space , so we can sit all together at the same table .
No future for public transport ?
Public transport is the cheaper way of travel , so it has a future .
So , if people were aware of this subject , they would n't use so much their own car .
In addition , having a car is very expensive .
First of all , you need can afford to buy it , after that , you must pay for the asurance , council tax , and mechanic 's bills , and so on .
whereas , in a public transport , you only have to pay for the ticket , you do n't have to drive , and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use , breacks down , it is n't your responsibility .
In conclusion , I think public transport has a future , and the more people use it , the more future it will have .
I 'm your employee , I to serve on your company .
Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment .
But the pay is a little low .
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students , complete summer homework , correcting homework , diligently assist the instructor , the instructor helped organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , very hard work , but I have nothing to complain about .
I work hard for two months , pay a lot .
I invite you to consider the proposal .
I think about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example bus , train , the metro and more , for the only one reason : the quality of life against the pollution .
Travelling by car is more convenient in a lot of situation , but it could be annoying for search for parking spaces and for cost of fuel , and also maintenance cost .
In big cities , public transport works well because there 's a good feedback by people .
Instead in the small cities , it ca n't be good in the same way , because , for the transport companies , it 's not convenient to invest money in transport , because fewer people would use it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy that lived with his aunt Polly and she had to punish Tom , because sometimes Tom did n't go to school .
On Monday , Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Huck which they talk a lot and Tom exchanged a tick for his tooth .
Then he saw a beautiful girl named Becky , so Tom talk to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom kissed Becky .
Tom say to her of another girl , so she got mad and she ignored Tom .
Tom was so sad because Becky did n't to talk with him , so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks .
When Tom saw his house , he sneak into his house and saw he aunt Polly crying for him .
So the next day , the people of the town went to church to hear the funeral of Tom , because many people thought that Tom was dead . But suddenly Tom open the door and got in , so everybody was so surprised to see Tom .
The next day , Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there is an abandoned house up the hill , so the two boys considered like an andventure .
So they went to the misterious house and when they were inside they heard voices , so Tom and Huck hide and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking .
the two boys heard that he was planing to steal some money and kill people , so the boys start their adventure on stoping Injuin Joe ...
Thank you for your message .
I will do my best to answer your questions .
As for your questions , I think that you should work in a Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese " ryotei " and " izakaya " .
By improving their Japanese skills , in Japan , they have the opportunity to get a job .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
so he went back to Sarah 's house and clean all the bathroom , but Sarah already knew that he had left the bathroom like this so before Michael entered to the bathroon she said : " I know what you leave there " and Michael went running to the bathroom .
Hi Julie ,
My school is located in the centre of the city in Bangalore , India .
Good Morning :
This is an esay about my favourite sport , it is swimming since I was a child , because I always enjoy it a lot and , what is more , I can do it alone , I never refuse to go the to swimming pool and less in summer , of course .
I do n't have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar teams sports , and always I go alone . It is n't boring for me . Furthermore , I prefer going alone because anybody bother me or I haven't wait for anybody .
I said that because when I was eleven my best friend had been operated on her back and , before the operation , he came with me and , every day , I had to wait for her because she spendt a lot of time in the shower cleaning her long hais , I hated that !
Luckily , the operation was fine and she left to come with me , and since that day , I go for my own .
Swim is a relaxing exercise for me and normally there are n't many people in the pool , but sometimes there are children and I do n't like that so much because they like disturbing me . But sometimes it is amusing , too .
I would recommended to people who do not know to how swim to learn , because I am pretty sure that it will like it and later they can stop swim .
But this is another theme for speaking .
When you dance , sing , or act , you are showing something to the public , something that 's important por you .
If you are tired , it does n't matters , because you like that you 're doing .
If you love dance , you 'll understand me .
Members of my family .
i love my family , special my little sister , she has sixteen years old , i consider her my best friend because i used to tell her everything of my life .
i have a dog and it name 's chente , it is a golden retriver .
My oldest sister , her name is cinthya , she is really weird with me .
Also , i have a brother his name is jose luis . He has twenty years old , his personality is dinamic and funny .
Actually , i prefer pass my time alone , i am working in other town , so i stay away from my family .
Kate Ashby ,
For work in our cafe you have to speak English , of course , maybe know how to cook some type of sweet foods like cupcakes , cake , cokiees or brownies , the most popular foods of this year .
That 's all , see you soon
kisses ,
Fer
we think that in the future the planet will be in a bad conditions and the trees will be dissappearing , after that , we will be having wars .
In 30 years , we will have changed our anatomy , also , we will be eating fast food , on the other hand , the north pole will have melted totally .
Friendship is something very important in my life .
How to make friends and meet new people ?
Just ... start talking !
Communication is the most important point when you 're going to make friends .
You have to remember , that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing .
If your friendship is real , you will always find a point between your opinion and your friend 's one .
Just try , it wo n't cost you much !
2- it 's a classy game with no friction between players
3- it exercise all the muscles of your body
Regarding the above , I advice all rookies to start practise this sport and they will get many benefits .
However , the adults they can practise it as well and they will get the same .
As citizens of this village , we totally care about the environment of our village .
We clean the dirty ditch , sweep rubbish up , then we bury rubbish .
From inorganic rubbish , we can make a bag , a hat and other stuffs .
What we belief as Muslims , is that , we have created by one who do n't have any other with him ; the one who create our father ( Adam ) and created from him ( Eve ) , and they were in the Paradise and instructed to not eat from the tree , but the Satan deceive them , so they brought to this life and generations came from them and had sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship the same one ) with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth which will guide them to the Paradise and who follow other paths , which it will guide them to the hell . so because of that we are here to do the test in this short life .
Transportation is the heart of any city , whether it is public or private .
Nowadays people prefer their own vehicles rather than
public transportation . day by day folk are more crazy about their own vehicles which leads to a dark future of public transportation .
firstly . i agree with the given statement that there would be a tough time for public transportation in the near future.because people wamnts privacy as well as freedom , which is quite impossible in public transportation .
as much as possible of the city area or town which mismanaged routine for people who travelled by public transportation.as a consquence generally , people avoid travelling by public transportation finally i can say that there are various mode of transporotation avaliable
nowadays people have numerous option fro travelling , like many private company
which play an important role to give tough competition to the government . as a result of this , the consumer gets more benefit like lower faire , privacy , freedom and safe travelling.in addition , many automobile company launcing new car with affordable price which insiost people to use more and more private vechile .
I never thought about it before , people got so many pet .
In the peak time , in the park is very busy even thought the park is huge !
Some people are very friendly , the same as their dog .
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs .
Usually there are generation problems , sons do n't understand parents and vicecersa , but by dialoging and listening to emotions and facts , everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits in social behaviour , but also must listen to others point of views to ri - arrange and update his knowledge .
If you want to see that movie , you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it .
A lot of action , drama and romance .
I do n't think that this movie is for all the family , because it is hard for little kids to understand , in opinion I think is more of a teen movie .
I think people will like this movie because , its very similar to the story of the book ; this one of the first movie that is really based in the book , the theme is very unique and original , also the actors in the first movies were perfect , and I think that in the last movie , they will put double the effort .
Hope you guys choose this movie ! !
It will be very cool to see the las part of mokingjay !
First of all , I enjoy it because when I practise I feel I can hold on for hours .
When I 've had a very bad and stressful day , I can relax doing karate , because It 's the kind of sport that it is n't very hard .
Training in Karate is a way to forget your problems , to forget your tiring routine .
Apart from that , Karate it 's not just a sport , it is also a discipline , it teach you respect , balance , even culture .
for someone who starts Karate , it is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing .
Today 's topic is Technology .
Nowadays , we use technology in every thing , from educations to making clothes , we use technology everyday and everywhere .
Technology is always upgrading and it is very helpful , useful and important for development , but todays generation is influenced whit technology to such an extent that they have stopped to do other activities .
Last year , My friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition , he liked the idea , so he decided to enter the competition .
but there was a fees in order to join the competition , he had no money . fortunately he have a lot of friends they can lent him some .
he phoned me and asked me to lent him some money to register for the competition .
he took the money the second day , he finished the registration and started in writing the story . After long time spending in writing and did good job , he went to give his story to the international student magazine office , he found out there are a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled , he came back vey sad and told me what had happened .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
On the other hand , in the future , maybe we would have a bus which having chair for everybody and I do n't have to stand up .
Other type of transport public is the taxi . Like the car , it is so more comfortable too , but it is more expensive than a bus or train .
In conclusion , in the future we should have a bus so more comfortable .
Nikais19
5 May
I live at Patras , a big city in Greece .
in my city , all the schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing .
Unfortunately , when we say to somebody to do not draw on the walls , but they do not hear us .
Why to see that abaser thing ?
After we have this beautiful city , we have to maintain her .
In my opinion , the police should stop the Vandalisme .
If it have police all around the city , nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to write something or to draw .
Jessyka stavros .
They are eager to begin a new life as adults .
But when they reach the in - between period , confused feelings cross their minds .
As a rule , after the last exams , they do n't know what university to choose .
In this way , the idea of a year off between leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable .
Firstly , it 'll allow young people to have a rest after the first hard - work studying period .
But choosing the second education is a very important step , which need serious attitude .
Secondly , such a year off would give to future students a chance to try themselves out in new professional sphears .
Also , they would have an opprtunity being involved in volontier activity .
And thirdly , they might work for earning own money or travel .
This year - long holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and gettin new power for future education .
One year is not a long period .
But the benefits after a year off will be obvious .
Also , people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kiosk , the church or in the principal places on the village .
Dear Sir ,
Firstly , I would like to know how long the course lasts , and if it is possible , the date exactly , because I need to book my flights .
And also , can you give me an idea of how much it would be cost for every different options ? .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
Rosa .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , after listening to the conversations of his new neighbours .
They are planning to rob a very precious thing from a Museum tonight .
It is his town and it is his duty too to save the town 's history .
He called the police and informed them about his neighbours ' robbery plan .
The police reached the Museum and caught the robbers red - handed .
I am beleving that there is no future for the public transpot , using trains is mor convient and low expenses also to decrease the carpon gases which are affecting the ozone layer , people should be aware about the effect of using the public transpotation on the econmics and enviroment , goverements shall encarge the people to use the other ways for transport , this subject shall be issuesd in all media to learn and encrage the people to use he wrigth way for transpot .
Hello Estela !
How are you ? I hope you are well .
I 'm writing because I want to tell you about my last summer holiday .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I stayed about one week in the home of my boyfriend .
While I was there , I did a lot of things .
One day , I visited Meandro del melero .
It was beautiful .
And there was a wonderful view .
The other day , I walked a lot and at the end of the way , we found a waterfall .
The name of the waterfall was Chorrituelo .
It was spectacular .
However , in the night , we had dinner in a garaje and there was a party , all night .
And there are a lot of things to see and do .
And the people are very nice .
In China , English is took to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn .
They begin to study English at an early age .
Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words .
In addition to this , some people think English is superior than Chinese .
In me opinion , though English is for great significance , but English is , after all , a foreign language .
English do help us read English original works , but Chinese helps us learn about a true China .
Only by characters Chinese literature can send off its brilliance .
Learning a country 's culture , especial its classic culture , the first thing is to learn its language .
Because of we are Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn about our owne culture through a foreign language ?
Woolypools is a speciallist of meal , it 's a meal restaurant .
In my opinion , the restaurant can be better , with respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends .
In this life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on .
for example , a present or a gift , especially if it is from your best friend .
It was my favorite flower . I have it ever .
In my town we create a small organization for a more healthy environment , beauty touch and to be attractive . the citizens in the town must participate in this , the citizen will take the responsibility for a specific day to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place and clean tree and plant more of it .
I 'm agree with the opinion that the famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
It is horrible to have a person behind you all the time , you can not have a life , not peace , not a happy .
In In adition all pearsons have the right to privacy and to be free .
Nevertheless , the journalists stay all the time having a photo , all the time , when they eaten , drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whoever stay , if stay with something important our what they buy .
This is terrible , you do not have privacy , authought the society have a blame , because if they do not take a photo our follows the life of the famous , the people will be bored .
Get down .
Let us walk .
Let us play cards .
Let us sleep .
Let me in .
Let me go .
Let me see your photos .
Bring that toy .
bring a glass of water .
Drink water .
Eat food .
Run fast .
Once upon a time , there was one little ant called Penny , he was really small in compared with the others .
He hated to be like that because most of the ants made fun of him , until one day something horrible and inevitable happen .
It was a dark night and it was raining until a big active volcano explosion buried them into the underground .
Until the dawn all of them go out , so they sacred until they find a refuge .
Like they were very religious ants , they prey for her sacred ancestors so they can help them in the big deal .
So all was planned ...
One day , Penny discovered it and it go to tell it to his queen , the queen , at knowing that , she get very confused but at the same time she get mad and she wanted revenge .
So they make a plan to display all ...
The next day , when they were about to start filming , they ere non ants there , so they search for them , but they ca n't find them ...
In that moment , the ants and Penny attack them in their backs , making them to leave the place .
I have many favorite sports .
One thing makes sure that I have already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport .
Basketball has many benefits , not just to me but also for everyone .
It makes me feel relaxed and unwind .
Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape .
I am really cra
zy about playing it .
When I have spare time , I often gather together my friends to watch basketball match on television .
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning .
Sometimes , I play it near a sports centre .
I go back home and have a sleep deeply when I have finished it .
basketball is an outdoor activity .
That 's the reason why basketball is my favorite sport .
From my own perspective , I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even to human and animals .
Convincing arguments can support the fact that the root cause is that almost all the persent day cities are already packed with places of residence , commerce and recreation facilities and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce .
Additionally , people now continues destroyed more agricultures and forest in order to satisfy all their need , which will distory the ecosystem , diversity and biodiversity , especially the endangered species .
According to the problems above mentioned , various approaches that governmentshould be adopted to deal with this problem.first of all , reducing building constructure from now on , and planting more trees instead .
Sustainadle development should be awaness to all human beings and start to porteat the environment and preserve the animals .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenmenon and its problems should be worked out to resolve them before thing get worse , ang the governments have to take the responsibility for that .
Nowadays , the languages are very important , and more English .
I have been studying English since I was a child and I never speak and learn so well as I have since I decided to go to London one course to learn this language .
I have taken that decision because I was tired to try to learn English and I did not have the level that I want , so when I heard about that ooportunity , I said yes .
It can carry many people without problems .
Nowadays in the cities developed there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train , subway , tram etc.these options it 's more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that , normally , the car is occupied for a person , when the car is prepared for to carry four or five people .
this situation to create many pollution for the environment , so we have to be more conscience for the planet 's health .
That I want to say , it is very difficult to understand the conjuntion of the verb 's in Spanish Languaje , so just Imaging you the same but not in your native lenguaje .
The third reason :
I love to play cricket .
In India , 85 percent of people follow cricket .
In 1993 , the Indian cricket team won his first world cup and that 's change the direction of air in favour of cricket and everyone start to follow this game .
His name is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendulakar , also know as little master .
When he was 18 , he played his first game for India .
He is the first player who played a 200 test in cricket .
He has many achievement , like the first 200 in one day , etc .
For a nuance , the first thing they have to decide , is what they con do better , batting or bowling .
If the person want to become a bowler , then concentrate on running , action , stance and , for batsmen need concentration on lag and bat coordination , eye and bat coordination , discover some shots which became key factor in batting .
Also , watch videos of some the of best player , like Sachin , Rahul , Sir Don breadman , Hayden , Wasim Akaram , Brett Lee , etc .
As health is an important factor in every sport , so you also need to improve your health , stamina .
Dear Jo ,
I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country .
If you want to travel around this city . I can be your guide as I have a year free before university too .
This is a modern city .
You may like this .
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college .
It may take a very long time to find a job and you have not much time here .
The advice that I would give to someone who want to start swimming .
It is not to be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn to swim , and also , when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than when the little .
I am monitor in the free time , and I am looking for a temporal job to improve my English .
Neither I have problems for working in a kitchen , which will be clear if I told you that my parents have a bar .
According to my age , evening activities are not a problem for me , and I have played many sports during my life , such as socker , bolleyball , ...
The city where I live is a small village .
All residents take great care of the environment .
Organized shares , where everyone clean up the village .
All residents segregate garbage thrown into suitable containers .
Thus helping to protect our environment to make it clean , safe , and in order to not jeopardize our various diseases .
There are spcejalne place where you can organize bonfires , but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out all garbage .
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources , because it is close to a wind power plant .
Recently , also , on the roof of the primary school were set the batteries and the whole school uses solar energy instead of electricity .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment , residents participate in them .
Wszysycy , residents of my village , they try to , so that our village was clear that pollute the environment as little as possible .
Firstly , the bus is always drop by to get a passenger so , that take a more time than expected to time of travel .
Secondly , the public vehicle route are more far than usual route .
Thirdly , it is also crowded and there is no privacy .
However , public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new car and , for the adventurer who want to have an exciting travel for then to see more action .
In addition to this , I also admire the bullet train in japan which u consider the fast and safe public vehicle Ive'd known .
To sum it up , I still consider having their own car is way more safe and convinient .
Public future unless they have project to at least lessen the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passenger .
More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion .
There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
In my childhood , I went there to spend my summer every year .
However , it will probably be disappeared if the developing equipment were being set .
There has been an example that the other town is polluted by the process of developing the mineral .
It seems like a sought - after chance .
Therefore , I do not subscribe to this decision .
Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of poo .
The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming .
The longer we burry our heads in the sand , the warmer the Earth will be .
And what about trains ?
I saw a tv about train in Japan - that is the future of public transport .
I want to see blue sky and not stream of cars like it was in the film " The Fifth Element " .
Brandon Mackie
Parliament House
Cambera ACT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Officer
Carlos Alberto Marrero Zaragoza
Dear Carlos
Your order for 6 air conditioning units is incomplete , we apologize for the inconvenience .
We have conscience of this mistake , we had a confusion of the number of air conditioning units before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase .
Because your order was confirmed at too late and I that the order was n't in advance , we only could send 5 pieces .
Since the units were sold in the inventory but your purchase indicates that 6 pieces were confirmed , do not worry about it , we will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible .
Brandon Mackie
My name is Chew .
I have 3 siblings in my family who are taking care by me all the time when my parents are busy with their works .
This is my favourite sport .
During my leisure time , I like to help my parents in the kitchen .
We cook different varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dirty and oily hands in the kitchen .
With reference to the above , I will like to apply to the Summer Camp job with my full commitment .
There are many sources and creators , as well as themes .
Luckily , the most expensive art still being the old art , like Picasso or Freud .
Nowadays , a lot of empty art pieces are being sold at auctions around the world , for extraordinary high prices .
Experimental Art has taken the world of art by surprise .
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would be not possible to stop .
So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time .
With this stated , we now have an idea of how artists create .
I got there by MTR .
I arrived at the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This year I 've join the 100-metre race .
The athletic representative pasted the torch and we sang the anthem .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's grade C 100-metre race started .
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal .
The teacher call my name for twice and he told me to stand in a different place .
So I know that there was someone whose name pronounce the same as me .
When I was running , I heard my housemates cheering and felt the wind passing my face .
On the second day , my classmates called me to take part in the Inter - class relay race .
Finally , our class got the first runner - up .
At last , my house got the second runner - up .
" There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not correct .
We should used of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute and , unfortunately , we are harming the environment and the world .
It is the best that all people go to the place walking o running . on the other hand it is more healthy .
There is nothing wrong with it go to the place in a car , obviously , it is faster than a bus and cheaper , but no always .
I think it is true that travelling by car is so much more convenient , but I disagree that there is no future for public transport .
Whethere tourism has had a positive or a negative impact over our lifes , it remains quite a dilemma for the ignorants .
First of all , tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world .
The existence of multinaionals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea of globalisation , since a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country , but a global citizen .
If tourism influences the econmy , it thereby influnces the environment , and if it influences the environment , it influences the transport . How?people become more careful at their historcal sites , this way preserving them;Transport is developed both at a small and a large scale :
One upon a time , there was a tiger who lives in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters .
The tiger was the mom names Amanda , of 25 years old , the herders kill her parents , because the herders were poor and do n't have enough food to survive , so they kill them .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion names John , of 27 years old , his dad die because , in a conflict with other animals , he got an infection .
They die when John was too little to remember and he never know what happened , so he went to all the parts for saw them . even he walked and walked even at reverse , but he never found them .
The 3 daughters where so different to each other .
The first one was names Amanda junior , like her mom , but she is a cheetah .She have 9 years old and she loves to run and she is the fastest of the family and have a lot of spots .
She is of the ones that trend to make something enforcing .
The second daughter was names Elizabeth and is a leopard She . is the intelligent one of the family and the oldest of the daughters .
She Had 12 years old .
Another animals give them rewards or bonus because she discover that water was liquid .
The last daughter was Ana , who was the youngest of the family and is a jaguar .
One they , the animals went with Ana and give her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleeping .
The end .
Hello friend ,
I know you are searching for a flat to live in for the whole of next year .
There are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with shower but without bath and a cool living - room .
I think that you have to bring with you winter clothes clothes with you because here there is a really cold weather !
Write to me soon
Alessia
Last night I made a decision .
You have been having classes since you were nine years old and you already know how to play piano , so I think that you should continue doing sports , because it is important for your health and in your free times you could still play piano without going to the classes .
This is my opinion , but the decision is yours , so when you decide it please send me a letter telling me about it .
Love , Ines .
Hey , my name is Joe and i 'm 21 years old and i'l think i'l would compliment the summer camp very good , because of my good manner and I 'm very open for the kids , so they can open up and speak .
So , if the kids is going to hurt themselves , then i'l can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruises and smaller injuries .
I had an exam .
That day I woke up early because I was nervous .
When I started to read the tracks I fell agitated and I thought that I was n't able to finish and pass that test .
But when I finished before the time was up I was happy and relaxed .
I passed that test !
Hello Charlie ,
Congratulations from your sister for your prize .
I would like to go to a new artist rolls competition , although in my city there are n't a lot of competitions of this kind . If I 'd have a posibility of going , I 'd already spend the tickets .
My favourite sport
When I was three years old , my parents went skiing with me .
It was a lot of fun , because I could not do it .
My father took me between his knies , because I could drive without falling over and it was fun .
When I was older , I could get better . My dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , but I should learn skiiing perfectly like my parents .
Later , when I was 16 years old , my dream get true .
That was the story of why I go snowboarding .
You are like a bird .
It is the best feeling in the world .
That 's why I like the winter more than the summer .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He started walking very quickly .
Everything was dark .
A dark sky without stars .
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax .
She started to take consciousness , although she could n't remember how she arrived there .
If she did , how did she managed to walk until there in her sleep ?
She started to walk to clear her mind .
The development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere .
In the case of transportation technology , in this twenty first century , we have various option like Plan that can fly with the cloud , train that are fast and big enough that carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of mile an hour and boat that are much bigger and faster than in ancient time .
However , if I have given the option to choose between all of three , I will say plane .
The first reason is its speed , compare to both other means of transportation . It can travel faster .
As a result , people can save their time .
Second is safety , compared to other modes of transport , the chances of accident is less .
The third one is comfort level .
In conclusion , I will say that the plan will be my first choice in all of three means of transportation .
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university , to earn money or travel , it would be the best award for a student who has attended the high school .
The young people want to discover the world and travelling to reach places which would be unreachable otherwise .
I went with my parents and my sister .
The beach is located in A Guarda and its name is O Muio .
No future for a public transpotr ? is this claim true or no ?
i think that it all depands from the development .
yes , i agree , if you planed the travelling for a long distation and for a long time you would prefer to do it on car , couse firstly , you;ll spend less time , you travelling will be comfortable , you 'll have a possibility to stop every where and for a long time , as you need to .
i think that this is the guestion for every one , and the answer ca n't be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this way not only money , but and the environment , but some people do n't like to use p.t . , cause they spend more time for travelling or they simple do n't like to travell with another people .
so , on my opinion , even after 10 years , the public transport will be crossing on our street with enough amount of passangers
Hello Lara ,
Thank you for your email .
My name is Mohamed and I am a 28 - years old male from the kingdom of Bahrain .
I go to the GYM and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health .
my village is the place where I live , so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and valid for life .
In order to attain this goal , I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows :
increasing the number of tries and plants and punish the person who cuts them down .
protect the water sources and the sea .
I 'd like to tell you about my favorite restaurant its name is " Lemon " . I go there every week . It has different food from any restaurants . I 'd like chicken crispy with garlic sauce . It 's an Excellent choice for me . and My favorite appitizer is susage and in order that desert I 'd rather " Vadge " cake with chocolate sauce . I feel I;m at ease when I go there . I enjoy classical music over having a lunch . About the service : It 's very good and all the staff are respectable . I ca n't imagine one week without going there . That drives me nuts . I advise any one to go there and enjoy a time there , also , this restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene really . It 's excellent . This strikingly thing for anyone , is that despite all of these advantages , the prices are not expensive .
Volleyball in one of the most difficult sports in the world , you should put your body in the correct form to throw the ball to the other side in the game .
I have been twelve years practice volleyball and because of it I knew lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life .
When I was 10 , I be choose to play with a group of girls older than me , they were goods , and I ca n't believe the experience .
Volleyball its my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing I were in another world , in which I can be free and happy , apart of this , when I am feeling bad , this is a distration of the university .
You should try practice its so funny , but I advertise you , it is not easy at first , but you hace to intent many times like you should do in life .
In weekdays , I get off from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work , which startst at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM .
I am not a big fan of sports , so I do not play any .
However , I sometimes do a skipping to fit myself fit .
Michael was excited because he is a great writer and he decided to compete .
First , he found an idea for the story and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure .
He began to write .
Finally , Michael ended the story and he went to the post office .
I think historical channels are very interesting , because you can learn new thing about the past .
For this way , many people do n't like to use the public transport because they want to move themselves when they need to .
Finally , in the future , the commodity of people maybe is going to determinate the most use of the cars than the public transport .
Susan is a little dragon .
She does that every day after school .
His skin is colored red , just like the father 's .
Dear Paul !
I haven't written to you for ages but I was very busy because of the exams at the University .
So I was there as something like a member of staff .
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all the ticket , food for musicians and things like that .
I got two free V.I.P tickets , so I took my girlfriend and we were there together .
When the concert finished , we went to the cloakroom to get signatures from musicians .
People were so envious ... I liked it!It was a fantastic experience .
Next time , I would like to do something similar and you should try it as well . You will earn nice money and you have a cultural experience .
It 's a dual effect !
Hope to see you soon
John
There are adds in TV , on the radio , on bus , on the streets ...
A lot of people think that there are too many adds on television , but , is it like that ?
On the one hand , it 's true that one programme or series which we see , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
In one add there are , for example , the publicist 's work , the companies ' investments , future sales , the product or service 's life ...
My favourite season of the year is summer .
Yes , it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you can rarely stay near the sun because you finish t be burn by the sun .
In spite of this , summer is a very good moment to enjoy the little things life gives us and have fun with them .
Furthermore , you can sleep more than the other days of the year and this make you feel relaxed .
I really like to explore nature during summer too .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
Also , I 've just got my FCE certificate this year , but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a native - speaking country .
I consider myself really active , sociable , well - organized and above all patient , therefore I think I 'm suitable for this job as I can adapt myself easily at any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas , plus it would be a nice experience because I would meet new people and experience a different culture .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Teresa Wysocki
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
He finally , after 5 years , won a swimming competition .
He was very happy and he decided to celebrate .
He invited all his friends from the team and made a party .
Tom wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to come too .
She was really proud of him .
But he did n't love her enough .
He wanted to break up with her at that party .
He was waiting 2 hours for her .
When Mel came she looked gorgeous .
He got closer to her and told her everything .
He said he was drunk and did n't know what he was saying .
Then he hugged her .
He said he loved her and kissed her forehead .
He had to stay with her because of ... the baby .
He could n't just leave her carrying his baby !
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby .
One day Mel was feeling really bad so Tom took her to the hospital .
He felt that something bad was going to happen .
And he was right .
Tom had to make a hard decision .
His life was going to change .
Mel was crying all day and Tom could n't stand it .
He did n't care .
Gliding in the waves
I started to practice swimming in a pool because I was n't able to swim at all , and I wanted to learn .
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose the big part of pleasure of enjoying the water , both in the sea or in a pool .
I recommend that you do n't have to give up before trying , because it is fairly simple and it can gives a lot of satisfactions !
Introduction
This report will examine the different activities we can do in our leisure time in Castelldefels .
These activities are the most popular and the most expensive too .
However , I fully recommend them , especially for sporty , adventurous and young people .
In Castelldefels , there are other activities that are less popular , but cheaper , for instance : free zumba masterclass , yoga beach , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities there are library group , theatre ...
Recommendation
So , finally , I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , both the popular and the newest .
Hi Jane ,
I was glad to hear from you .
When you get off the bus , you should ask someone for the Spring Street .
It 's near there .
You can walk to my house .
This is my address : 4 Spruce avenue .
I 'm planning your visit .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Best Regards ,
Mary
Dear Sergio Garca A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Trrez .
I am an Engineer of Execution in Mines , I entitled in the " Instituto Profesional Virginio Gmez " .
I am particularly interested in and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of operations at the new underground project , Chiquicamata .
In the first place , my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your Company .
I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through a team work to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that your company has .
I really appreciate your time and consideration .
Without further ado , I remain , yours faithfully .
Guillermo Sedillo Trrez
Nowadays , there are many people that are learning foreign language , for me , it is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language ?
Firstly , there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that the people who know how to speak a foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies , or will have more chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , there are more benefits , for example , if you want to travel to another a country , it is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications .
Finally , learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of that other culture .
Today , globalization is bringing the world more close , that means that there are more possibilities to have contact with the other cultures , for example in literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance , learning foreign languages is very positive on different aspect , so if you have the positivity of learning a new language , do it , because it will bring you many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPLAINT
Julio Camarillo
Montano avenue n2
Post Code 10237 Cceres
August , 23rd 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I ordered two batteries , model 002545 , because my mobile needs this kind of battery , but I have only received one battery , model 001212 .
One month ago , I ordered two batteries , model 002545 , on your online website .
I have a mobile model Nokia 1214 which needs batteries , model 002545 .
The delivery was wrong , so now I am in a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day .
If I have not mobile , I will not be able to work .
To resolve the problem , I would like to receive the batteries by express post .
If I do not hear from you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my solicitor .
You can only contact me by email because my mobile still does not work .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarillo
Besides , it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in the peak hours and the guiders are everywhere and ready to give a help .
However , there is only one thing that we dislike .
With the purpose to actract more peole to join in the club , besises its good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoi they hold the acivities to avoid the problems .
After that , it comes to the most significant stage , that is , inspect the quality of the printed sheets .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets but still good sheets , people will cut them separately and pack them together in order to dispacting and distributing the bank notes .
A BETTER PLACE TO LIVE
Beginings
Everything began a few years before , when Alfred , The Major , read an article about the importance of the surroundings in the health and happinness of people .
He started to think about how he could get better our lives and he found a solution .
A concerned population
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned the oldest people from de village about the importance of the care of our surroundings , middle - aged people have planted many trees around the village and cleaned the floor of our public places making it a more attractive place to live in than we used to have .
Easy recycling
The local authorities helped this initiative by creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order for it to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste .
The results
People now is worried about the future of our planet and an association has been created in order to promote the care of our planet , Green Planet , it is called .
We want a happy Earth .
Hello Luis Blanco ,
I 'm writing to you about the staff recruitment for the " New Cloud Generation " project .
So we need your help with some questions about the process .
However , it 's possible that we do n't find enough people with that profile , so , we could accept people with one year of experience .
Finally , I need you to prepare some profiles of the qualities that you think the staff of New Cloud Generation should have , and please tell me if you find another different request than the one I tell you before in that e - mail .
Please , answer me with the information as soon as possible .
igo Ojeda .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
It was a really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoy that very much .
You probably wo n't believe me , but I met all the members of Dem band , I talked to them and we had lunch together , they 're very nice men . Because of helping them , I had the best place during the concert and I have their authographs on the newest record . I did n't have many duties and none of them were unpleasant .
In general , I had only one duty , and that is checking the quest list , above that , I had to help in cleaning the area after the concert .
Working for them was a real pleasure .
Love ,
Dominika
Report :
First , I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there were in class .
They were not only really clever people , but also excellent co - workers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the most interesting way of learning any subject , even English .
They managed to encourage all of us every day .
This way , we made the most of us and never gave up improving our English level .
Third , the phonetic classes scheduled on Fridays came really in handy .
They helped me to pronounce words better than before starting the course .
However , in my opinion , there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher 's team .
This way , we had been able to hear a native speaker and I think it would have been worth practising .
To wrap up the report , will I just say that , on the whole , the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing up for it again next year .
Yours sincerely ,
Juan Orozco
But , what films are in my Top 100 list ?
I really enjoy it because the plot is original and it shows the different life stories of moving characters .
Therefore , I recommend that drama genre lovers watch Babel as its message will move you .
It reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures and we are connected to each other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 years old , and I living in Port - Said , Egypt .
I am a student in the 3rd year of the faculty of medicine at Port - Said University .
My father works as a teacher and so does my mother .
I have one brother and one sister .
My hobbies are travelling , reading stories and writing my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information , so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field , as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mind , but I work hard to make this dream come true .
Over the last two years , I have worked in many places , such as a pharmacy , a restaurant and the water purification company .
In my childhood , my dream was to become an engineer , but when I changed my career to medicine , I realized that Allah chose the best for me and for my personality .
When I work anything I feel that I have the world in my hand , so I can do anything for people .
One of my goals in the life is to invent an effective drug for one of the incurable diseases , like cancer , AIDS and hepatitis .
I have asked myself many times what is the aim of our life ?
And what are the benefits of work and study ?
But if you see your world and realize it well , it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
I learnt from Research that you can do everything in anytime . In addition , a little tired can change the life for the better .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world . Also , I have attended a lot of conferences in my field , so I think this program is a chance for experience which will help and inspire me for the community services and the development of my society , as I hope to come back and teach others what I learn .
I am writing with reference to the post of job as a camp monitor that you require in the summer .
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after chilren from 3 to twelve yeras old . I consired myself quite patient and fun . that in my opinion , they are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job .
I do not like to be alone or feel alone , this could be one of my great weakness .
I really love being with people all the time .
I do not think being young will be a problem .
Instead , I believe it is an advantage .
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me .
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience .
To be honest , I am not sure .
Carbon - based fuels will not last forever .
I would say that , most probably , private care are not " sustainables " in the long term , and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport .
The population - growth forecast tells us that , in the next 35 years , the world population will grow of a staggering 3 billions human beings .
I know that it is nice to dream of a future of technological people flying around , each of them with its own private small helicopter .
But it is not going to happen .
I guess that in our future there are no helicopters , and not even any cars .
States and local authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative . T
Even though we will have to read the timetable and to learn again to be on time , the nice old train could become important again .
Students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying , partly because of , after the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned , partly because of the long vacation will let students used to have fun instead of study , and partly because of some difficult courses should be continually studying .
To begin with , there is a general consensus , that students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time .
In the class , students will recall the joyful time they had instead of paying attention on the teacher .
In a nutshell , based on the aforementioned , I totally I agree with the statement that students could receive a better , more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
My father was a professional soccer player , so I think that I inherited this love for the soccer .
I played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood , school or university .
Together we analyze the rival team and we choose a strategy to win the match .
I know the health is very important , so if you practise this sport there is a big probability that you are healthy .
So , if you are starting this sport , you have to do it because you will really like it .
if you do n't like it , there are many options to practise whatever sports .
The soccer is not a violent sport , but sometimes it becomes violent .
Finally , I advise that you enjoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I went to New York .
I also went to the amazing Niagara Falls .
When I arrived , my uncle was waiting for me and I gave him a big hug .
He have a really nice house and I was happy to see my little cousin " Angel " , who looks just like me .
My uncle had the awesome idea of going to Niagara Falls .
Finally , we arrived to Niagara Falls city that looks like a ghost place .
It does not have too much to do , but there were the falls .
They were incredible , amazing and beautiful .
My uncle Juan lives in the United States of America and I was very to hug him because I miss him a lot .
My cousin Angel was very happy to see me and me too , we are like siblings .
In conclusion , I have a perfect vacation where I saw new things , visit awesome places as Niagara Falls and Time Square , recieving a lot of presents and , soecially eat a lot of delicious food .
Most attending students to Universities are out of the city where they used to live , so , they need an accommodation to live in through their study years .
Most universities provide cheap accommodations , such as , shared rooms and dormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where most students have a low income .
Other students , who may have family financial support , prefer to hire an apartments to live independently .
Sharing houses or rooms have many advantages , such as , being cheap , safe , close to the university , and a chance to learn how to share everything with others . saving money and time will be more Obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than for hiring an apartment , and because it will be closer to the university , saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs .
In spite of all these benefits , I prefer- if I can - to live in an apartment where the personality is very important for me .
Many years ago , I shared a friend in a room for a few months during a course outside my country , these days where I worst during my life , he was dirty , speaking loudly all the time and did not share the budget of eating . living alone will grant me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and still be friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends . this matter will not achieved when living in shared rooms .
they annoying me .
Although The federal government which is decided as a role of the USA has many benefits according to the reading passage , the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government .
The powerful of the federalism , which has more liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their needs , is not always good for the lecture , where it may create some conflicts between the states .
An example of that is the marriage of homosexual , where some state admit this marriage , others do n't .
Also , the reading passage declares that even though the federal government let each state function independently , it still control on the main decisions .
this case causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to the USA through the Nevada desert .
also the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the state and the federal government blame each other in the increase of the unemployment in some states .
In conclusion , federal government , which give freedom and powerful , cause many problems , such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility .
Travelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time .
I think that any type of trip is exciting , but they also have their frustrating moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico , I would give two important pieces of advice ; first , try to get alone with your travel companion and enjoy the Mexican food instead to critic about the spicy savor .
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico , I suggest that the traveler find a manner to get alone with his or her companion .
This minimal chance would make a big difference when you visit other city .
As an example , if you are able to get alone with your travel companion , you could enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places with common interest such as museums or malls .
Other advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that they enjoy for Mexican food .
For example , there are a lot of American people that does n't like spicy food , and also , most of the times , could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Mexican people used to use to prepare their food .
As a piece of advice , I would suggest you to ask for sauces with lower pepper .
In this way , the visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious savor that is so characteristic of our country .
In conclusion , I have offered two important pieces of advice for visitors that coming to my country : Try to get alone with their companion in order to have fun , and try to enjoy Mexican food , because it is delicious !
After the Internet was invented and revealed for the first time in August 29th 1969 , Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that has partly replaced for face to face communication .
SMS , such as Facebook , send out 700.000 messages , and 170.000 Tweets are publicized on Twitter each 60 seconds .
Unsurprisingly , the social consequences of Facebook and Twitter plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or time .
However , people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general , are not likely to have their own personal privacy that there is a possibility of a cycle of bullying .
This essay will force on the benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , and also comments the on potential future of these implications .
Communicating can be achieved , regardless of distance , through Facebook and Twitter .
Secondly , Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with the daily activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining one 's own feeling within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Quinn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
That is to say , human behaviour on Facebook are interacted we with others by sharing their mood , and receiving responses .
Thirdly , Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in business .
( Emerald Group Publishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
However , due to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also , there is a high potential of being purposely aggressive toward someone .
However , information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as it is a public opinion .
Mostly , Facebook users expect their friend to respond or pay attention on what they are doing .
First of all , people can post any racist comments which target a specific group or person .
For example , after the premier of The Hunger Game was released , a fan posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by a Black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
For example , Krishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous disturbing of a woman from a man called Mr .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking , harassment , trespassing and telephone harassment " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook and Twitter , and SMS in general , may replace face to face communication and improve their functions , because people feel more freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without have to view each other 's appearances .
Therefore , it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than have to call them .
The possibly outcomes might be that the more time people spend on SMS , the less communicate skills that they have .
For example , controlling what posts should be sent by adding more privacy options .
However , despite the useful of these implications , people should pay attention to the fact that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoid using it most of the time .
Also , people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel .
Photography classes for everyone
Introduction
Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Facebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc .
As a new college subject
This practice is considered one of those activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation .
The reasons
A bright sun is shining , the snow melted away in March .
They are singing funny and building their nests .
People look happier .
They are feeling tired after a long snowy winter .
The British summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
The days become longer and the nights get shorter and lighter .
A lot of people are happy , because they can sleep ( for ) one hour more .
Although all sports help you to have a healthy life , hockey provides you with more than just being healthy or fit .
What are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport ?
Well you are mistaken .
For doing different kind of sports , you need to be skilled or willing to try new things .
it 's a team sport .
However , it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
You have to train five days a week and you need to concentrate a lot .
On the other hand , I enjoy every second of it .
It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a person .
In spite of some people make enough money to buy their own car , electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use gas or diesel ) so , people choose this ones and that 's because pollution is one of several issue that we have to deal with .
The environmental care is taking strength every day , from kids too ancient people .
From my point of view , public transportation will be very important in the future , especially in developed countries .
In Coslada City Council , people are well informed about taking care the of environment .
There are many ecological islands .
Each of them has three or four kinds of bins and they are not as far as two hundred meters .
There have been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river Jarama 's side .
Nevertheness , it is never enough , because dog 's owners that they have most of the blame .
Since 2008 , there are many bike paths across the city , so the citizens will be able to avoid using the car and they will emit less air pollution .
The organic waste is picked up every day and plastic and paper waste is picked up every other day .
Our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem .
A problem which was caused by us , human beings , with their target of making money without thinking of the effects .
We usually use the public transport , which has a great quality in the city where I live .
Moreover , we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle .
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to get rid of , such as bottles or papers .
As soon as the last river ends , the southern border of Egypt is here .
The Nile river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization , that counts over 6 thousand years old .
And as for me , I totally support their point of view .
All over the time , the Nile is the only source of water for Egyptians .
Furthermore , the elevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile lands .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it off of the red soil of the desert .
Nowadays , the deep and wide valley of the Nile became the most important transport line for Egypt .
Through the centuries , people have been exploring the nature of the Nile .
The ancient Egyptians divided the year for three seasons compared to dry or wet period .
But such a high level of development of Egyptian civilization has the negative side as well as a positive .
But I hope , as soon as Egypt become developing , the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that high level .
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy , they think of Duomo , in Milano .
But the Duomo is not the most important .
I am sure you 'll agree that it 's the Colosseum .
For centuries , this building had been the symbol of this city .
It 's quite ancient , but still fascinating for thousand of tourists , who come every year .
It was used for shows with animals or humans , who were killed without pity .
Moreover navy wars were represented in order to celebrate the Roman army .
In my opinion , it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions , which we should n't forget .
However , not all people are aware of it .
It 's our strength and every time I go beyond I realize how many people succeeded in building it .
That 's why it is important : it makes us understand to never give up and to follow our dreams .
In this fast moving world , transport has become an important factor for everyday activities .
There is no point in saying public transport has no future .
Firstly , to discuss the benefits of public transport , it is cheap and affordable for all class of people in society .
Using public transport is a time waste and the fact that there is no privacy are some of the disadvantages .
Similarly , travelling by car has its own advantage and disadvantages .
Everybody can not afford a travel through car as it is costly , but to discuss the benefits , one can enjoy a high level of privacy during travel and it is convenient
and sophisticated and you can travel faster .
To sum up , with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both has equal advantage and disadvantages .
There is no denying that the MRT in this city is such a convenient metropolitan system .
However , during the rush hour , there are always have such a ruin person who has no public awareness at all .
Furthermore , most of them are students .
They do n't respect other passengers , but just keep laughing and teasing each other , despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this .
Priority seats , are preserved to those who need them , not only elders but also some adult need it .
Moreover , some old people would take this considerative action for granted and they would even command young adults or students to offer their seat without manners !
Television is an important part of modern culture .
We depend on television for entertainment , education , news and films .
Firstly , it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others .
TV can act as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subjects or reading authors whose work was adapted for the programs .
Television can teach kids important values and life lessons .
Educational programming can develop young children 's socialization and learning skills .
News , current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people .
Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the world .
Cultural programming can open up the world of music and art for young people .
In addition , these children receive less socialization with other children .
Television also takes away from family time .
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television .
I have also worked with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortages , personal loans , contability and investments too .
In many years of work , I have honed my skills in managing non - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
I have faced several situations and always work with serenity and enthusiasm , I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic team .
I 'm careful to meet the goals of the team in which I work , cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always being willing to learn , respecting other points of view together finding ways to deal .
I work for the same large company for 25 years , so , now is the time to change and find new job opportunities .
Needs to work . My husband has been living in Zaandam , I want to find a new job in Holland to rejoin our family .
I like sports such as skiing , riding and swimming . I 've also got the rescue licence , I worked as a lifeguard in the summer while studying for the patent padi dive master
But , probably , this situation is only the period of development of transport .
For instance , Google reported about Googlemobile .
So people will be able to avoid traffic jams .
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile .
But another of people think that it is not so bad an idea , because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact , that they are drivers at the moment .
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
there are a few reasons whcih show you why it is important to learn a foreign language today .
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to speak the local language , it makes your trip more easy and more comfortable .
Third , through learning a foreign language , you do n't only learn a language , at the same time you are also getting to know its culture , get to know a different culture and society different than yours 's , it enriches your knowledge .
Over these years , there are more and more miserable accidents happened around the world .
From newspapers , magazines , even foreign medium , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely .
Humans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life , but forget to protect and cherish the Earth at the same time .
Various factories emit excessive carbon dioxide into the air .
The higher the temperature enhance , the worst the living quality is .
Losing enough water supply , people 's body will become weak and rough .
It was dangerous , but I knew I had to do it .
You have to be precise , fast , and a really good actor .
It is just something that I had to do , not you , not her , me .
For the last two years , I have joined the swimming group at the University .
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have .
On the other hand , I completed the first aid course , in the Red Cross .
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and , what is more , It would provide me with new knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should require further information .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully ,
Sebastin Hernndez
In holidays , people can get away from daily problems and also can take more time with their friends and family .
In this respect , many people prefer to go to natural places with their families in order to forget about bad situations on their lives .
On the one hand , holidays are the best for people in terms of thinking clearly about their experinces about life .
Besides , people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces .
For example , people meet their relatives that they never see for a long time .
At the same time , people have a chance to go to sacred places in order to renew their spirits and souls .
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects they can become more happy . This is because people need to leave the material world .
In holidays , people have time to review their mistakes that leads to a stressful life .
Also , holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to move away from modern life , that has full of material subjects .
On the other hand , there are some issues such as the increase of danger on the roads .
Statistically , cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is the weather .
No one can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than travelling by public transport .
For example , people taking their car do not need to spend time waiting for the bus or subway .
And this undesirable waiting time might be not so short during holidays , due to less frequent schedule .
Even though cars could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , the advantages of travelling by public transport should not be neglected .
As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays , our cities become larger and more crowded .
Therefore , it is unreasonable to conclude that one mode of transport can replace others .
Languages for the future
Should we learn other languages ? .
We live in a world that day to day changes and people need to develop their skills and overcome .
I think there are many reasons to learn languages .
On the one hand , it could allow you to communicate with people , get to know different cultures and travel around the word without the language barrier .
Also , in recent years to express yourself in English , French , Germany and Russian has became something essential and very important in our lives to find a job .
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course .
Also , I consider that it tends to be hard and takes time away from doing any other things .
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future , but to achieve it the will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning .
rua francisco xavier n3 bidos , 25 - 4 - 2014
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a job .
I have had a part - time job as a babby - sitter and I take care of my 11 years old brother very often .
I have worked in an Easter camp too , and I have already prepared a lot of ativities , like " rappel " , paintball ...
We had a great time .
After thirty minutes , we had tea .
Winnie loves eating very much , so I can easily find much food at her home .
Adriana and I hid behind a bench and Winnie looked for us .
Suddenly , Winnie fell over a little stone .
Your knee is bleeding .
I felt relieved then .
Then , Adriana found a plaster and put it on Winnie 's wound .
Winnie felt warm inside and smiled happily .
I felt glad today , although Winnie hurt herself .
Why ?
It is because our friendship is more rugged .
In my opinion , the house in the future will be better .
The house of the future will be big and bright .
Inside , they will be full of conveniences .
Big spaces will be divided in a few zones .
Relaxation 's , learning 's , kitchen 's zones , and so on .
In the house of the future , there will be automatic curtains reacting to the light in every house .
Television will be cordless , as this way as at present Internet .
Every house will be flexible .
Thanks to that , it can expand or reduced .
Everything depends on the number of people .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
Why do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport , so it depends entirely on the swimmer 's efforts , but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness , it is a sport that can be learnt at any age , but children can start to learn swimming as early as two years of age .
Swimming as a sport is very useful in wieght reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your wieght , it is also the best sport for the asthmatic patients , because it strengthens the chest muscles and decreases the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections .
If you will start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be part of a group of your own age .
Hello Paul ,
I got a lot of experience from them .
In the concert time all people can enjoy , themselves but nobody think about how they are preparing to a concert .
For example , they know everything about each helper 's jobs , but on the same time , they just concern about their own subjects .
I want to explain to you some interesting part from my experience .
In the concert morning we were excited and thinking about the concert and we decided do not think about the concert but just do your job which we would be given .
When we were arranging the concert plan we made work sharing for all of us .
My job was checking the songs list which singers would perform .
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of the singers .
On the concert time , I was really worried that something would appear suddenly .
Actually , everybody can be worried because they gave their time and effort for it .
Finally , the concert started and all the lights were shining like stars .
When the concert finished , I felt like a bird which flying freely .
Of course , I had some pain in my legs because all the time I was standing .
However , I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite you to our next concert , which will be next month . If you have any time , please come and see how we are preparing for the concert .
I am waiting for your email .
See you !
Technology is changing the way we live in many ways and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected .
From black - and - white adds posted in public places , we have moved to practically live surrounded by outdoor adds placed in every available and imaginable spot .
From buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive bus stop signs .
Advertisement might be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed on the wrong spot or showed at the wrong time , they loose they artistic side .
If I could change one thing in my life , I would like to change my house .
I 'd like to have a big detached house in the sububs of Artem or Vladivostok .
So that I could live more freely and independently .
If I had this house , I would decorat it in a modern stayl .
I would build there a fitness gym , a wardrobe -room , a swimming pool .
If I had such a house , I would like to equip a barbecue area in my garden .
Together we could spend time in a pleasant atmosphere .
When it comes to my favorite sport , tennis will always be my answer .
A skilled coach can teach you the best skills of tennis .
Do we have better television than a few decades ago ?
Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole day ?
That was only 30 years ago .
In this report we will see some characteristics of today 's television .
The number of Channels are gradually reducing
In our country , one decade ago , when digital TV arrived , a lot of new channels flourished .
Internet TV is increasing
It costs less money and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who , watching this or that televison program .
You just click on it .
They have to reduce their budget
Despite of changing channels , we see the same news .
It is cheaper to buy it .
Summary
TV is dying .
It is hard to compete with the Internet .
Nowadays , only national or international broadcast groups can be in the match .
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit .
However , the fact is that there is a countdown on them .
Dear Mrs Hopkins ,
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest
I am a 20-year - old student from Switzerland speaking German , French and English and I am keen on travelling .
Furthermore , I feel suitable to join your group because I like travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Dear Steve ,
It was good to hear from you .
Basically , my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , I mean , not only the English language but also to know more about your culture and visit nice places of your country as well .
As I told you before , I ca n't afford to pay for this trip alone , so my father will put up some money to help me .
But I wanna find a job to help him with the bills .
You can also help me to find a cheap place to rent .
Thanks for all your help and I look forward to hearing from you .
Best wishes
Joo Matos
Hi John ,
I am looking forward to seeing you .
When you get there take the bus which has number 111 .
Then ride to the bus stop " Zlin " .
There you can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Prague .
But , if I were you , I would take a taxi for the underground is quite boring , but it is cheaper .
Anyway , you need to get to the centre . I 'll wait for you there .
Finally , the weather forecast for next month looks pleasantly , as it is usual at this time of year .
I am delighted to be see you soon .
Best wishes ,
Jacob
In my opinion , we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment for doing work better than before .
Firstly , we can discuss the type of food we want to eat .
Actually , students eat a lot of fast food while they are studying at university , because they do n't have time to do food , for these reasons , I think that the best restaurant is somowhere when they do home - made food , and a good idea is for the mains course is : baked potatoes , steamed vegetables and , for dessert , apple cake .
On the other hand , we are studying architecture . Maybe we should choose a special restaurant , I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows , with a white chair , table and wall , more or less a relaxing environment . But the atmosphere is very important for dinner , and I think that we must vote on this , because we will have a good night or not depending on the type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very good for us , because normally we had spoken about book , work and studies , while with this type of environment , we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies , and all people will get to know new something about other mates .
I would like to go to Foster 's Hollywood .
I love the food here and I think my classmates will too .
These burgers are my favourite food because they are amazing .
I can not say how they are like because you have to taste them .
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you will definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile in your face .
However , if you do not like burgers , you can eat whatever you want of American food and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another meal .
Public transport plays an important role in our modern - day lives .
More than a billion people use buses , taxi 's and trains etc , as tourists , for work , for meeting relatives , going to school etc .
Many even use cars .
Though travelling by car is more convenient , but it is expensive .
While travelling by public transport can save a lot of money in the following ways :
1 . People can save the money they spend on petrol .
2 .
As they have specific routes across the country , town , city and villages , it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city etc .
I disagree with the statement stated above because , in the future , we are likely to have only two classes in society , the rich and the poor .
The middle class is disappearing and becoming scarce day by day .
It is because of high taxes on goods .
Nowadays , people have different views about reading books and watching movies .
I agree with this point of view .
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book .
Firstly , reading helps you to become a well Educated Person and give you a chance to develop your knowledge .
Furthermore , books develops the imagination of the reader .
When you are reading , a picture of what is happening appears in your mind .
And finally , I think it 's very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading anytime you want .
On the other hand , if you like being in company , the best way for you is movies .
Also , many people choose movies because they like soundtracks and special effects .
It 's so exciting .
To sum up , I 'd like to say that reading is a really great thing .
A girl was walking home one day .
She was just a young beautiful girl !
So , they were going home when the girl noticed a cute doll in a shop .
She had blond hair and she was wearing a blue dress , white gloves and black shoes .
After some years , the girl decided that she had to move .
So she took a deep breath and put her doll in the attic , just like her childhood memories .
At night she heard some creepy noises from there ...
And then ...
Next day , going at her home , her mum wanted to find her daughter .
So , she went upstairs ...
Tennis is an individual sport .
You can choose lots of places to play .
You need a good pair of shoes , a tennis racket and some balls and a person who play with .
You are supposed to use your brain as well .
It is a combination of a physical power , a technique and a mental power .
As the other sports , tennis is getting more modern , fast and more commercial .
I mean professional tennis .
You can start if you are grown up anyway .
It is never too late .
Enjoy !
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
In Italy , I attend a school for waiter and cook , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza and many other specialties of my country , and I was assumed in many famous restaurant .
I"m also good at dealing with people , in fact , since when I was younger , I have done the animator at the summer camp of Alpignano , the city where I lived , and I spent a lot of time with children and adults .
I look forward to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Cocci
Essay
In today 's essay I am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying English abroad .
Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English ?
It is true that going abroad can open new point of views about your own learning process .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing , because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing .
However , you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goals at all , so it would be able to become a real nightmare if you are not focus on your learning tasks .
From my point of view , I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages , especially if you have some money saved for it .
But if you do not , there is always a solution , which is using the Internet to learn everything you need .
Football , a passion
When I was little , I had tried a lot of sports , Handball , Swimming , Tennis , but my favourite sport is not one of those , it is a sport that I have never imagine : Football .
At first , when I started to play football , I did it with my classmates , who where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable , however , some years ago , they started to intergrate me when they play , and nowadays , I love playing football with them .
Now , some other women and I have started to organize female matches , so I am more used to play with girls . I never imagine that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it takes part of my life .
I think football is a very exciting sport , and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football , is that you have to be ready to reacive some punches .
I have been there twice , and I like it .
Its name is " The English oven " , and it 's a fantastic , traditional and modern restaurant with British food .
The decoration is modern and cozy , and it 's got some great traditional British objects .
The've got a lot of different dishes , traditional and modern .
They have also got a lot of different types of salads , pasta and pizzas .
The desserts are very good too .
They 've got original ones , like sweet pizza , and traditional desserts .
There is a big variety of ice creams .
This restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us , because we do n't want to spend too much money .
The restaurant is in the shopping center , so we can get there by bus or by train .
I think this is the best restaurant to go to on the end of the course , so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually goes there .
Famous people are obligated to provide their life in an exemplary way .
However , they still being ordinary people , and they make mistakes .
They notice any kind of failures .
It seems to me that journalist might be absolutely toxic and they have a defective infulence on society , which assess celebrites through the prism of journalistic documentary .
In the other hand , many of stars sold their privacy to earn more and more money .
The value of their talent , abilities are counted in the amonut of tabloids scandals .
Summing up , all over the world , are living famous people who do n't bring into the limelight their life .
It has ever been very useful for a long time ago , nevertheless , nowadays , there are some people who ask whether if the public transport was suppressed , and society would save a lot of money .
Firstly , the main reason is the cost , because the people who do not have a car they need to travel or commute to another place and a car is very expensive .
In addition , these people need to have public transport for travelling around the country and city .
Secondly , another reason is the global warming , because the atmosphere is much polluted .
If you use the public transport , you can be less contaminating than before , because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one transport .
Finally , the last reason is the comfort , because if you have a car ; it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the city .
Besides , in some cities , car can not be parked in some places , such as : the old city and the city centre .
Summing up , people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car .
Today 's new things become things of the past in a few months .
Take an example of mobile technology , your latest handset , with the latest configurations becomes outdated within a few months after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and people 's lives will definitely change in such a long period .
However , the important point to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or a negative one .
In the last 50 years , science and technology took great leaps , internet , mobiles made us more connected .
Today , we have all the information at our finger - tips .
We need not to cram English words today , as we can quickly find the meaning of any word on our mobiles .
Today our lives have become much more comfortable than in the past , thanks to the progress mankind has made in technology .
On the other hand , a number of terrorism , global warming and greed became top challenges of today 's world .
The corruption and greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people 's leaders .
If these challenges are not addressed in the coming years , imagining better lives for people in 50 years hence is rather difficult .
We need to remember technology is just a tool , in right hand it would be a boon for us , but in the wrong hands it has the power to destroy the world as we see it today .
to who it may concern ,
I 'm an Italian girl who 's studying to improve her English . I 've got a positive and energetic personality .
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought " That 's for me , I 'm the right person for this kind of job ! " .
I 'm a motivated , flexible and openminded person and I have had a lot of experience in this field , as well .
I 've worked as a social trainer and as an educators since I was 16 .
I love doing social activities and planning events .
When I worked as an educator , I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor acitivities .
If you are interested , please have a look at my CV .
Best regards .
Personally , mobile phones are very important in my life .
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are .
Concerning video - games , I agree with scientits that they thought its help children 's brain to develop , but it is important controller them , because there are a lot of violent games .
However , there are brilliant games for children .
In my opinion , the Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society .
It is very common to use the Internet in my work , for research , or google information and also connect whit other teachers , speak about courses and change information .
Friends should be like a shadow always beside you .
Nothing is impossible in life , but not doubt it is not easy to find sincere friends .
It is very important to interact and socialise with people to make a friend .
The more people you will meet , the more easy it will become for you to find a friend .
When you find one , spend time with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
Friends do not have to agree on everything you say , but they should share their views about it .
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper which includes national and international news .
You could find a variety of articles , such as politics , Business and Money , sports , culture , education , Life and style , Travels , the weather and the Environment .
they use a good quality English language which avoids slang language .
As a result , it is suitable for students who learn English Language to improve their English .
On the other hand , I realised there were two disadvantages .
For example , it is not suitable for children due to official Language . there were also a huge number of commercials advertisements which make the readers bored .
Overall , The Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world .
Nowadays , in the modern and progressive world where people are smart and the economy very highly developed .
Some people think that we need in tablet computers instead of books
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Sometimes , then I am watching TV or I am reading the newspaper , I notice that gadgets have become very useful for our life .It seems to me to be good opportunities to make our life more easily .
Also , it makes us more clever .
People do not need to carry a lot of books in a bag .Pupil could not say that he left a book because he has all his books in his tablet computers .
They believe that it is a useless thing for our generation .
Such people are sure that electronic things make us stupid .
They insist on not using tablets at school .
Personally , for me , I like books very much .when I am at home , I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books .
I do not agree with the people who think that tablets are useless .
In conclusion , I want to say that that we should keep abreast of new technologies and try to make our lives easier .
The Big Mistake
It was too much for him .
One part of him was really happy , because to be a father is his one of the biggest dream , but on the other hand , he could n't handle this news .
He should be happy and hug her and celebrate this good news .
But somehow he did n't feel anything .
All that he felt was anxiety .
He could n't handle the feeling , when she tried to touch him , to kiss and hug him .
It was a big mess .
She was more than happy and he could n't handle this news .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
To the beginning , I am going to take about what is my lovely sports and why I will enjoy the sport .
In fact , I do not like to do some sports during the anytime , but if I really need do some exercises , that I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
Firstly , I think , the swimming pool is clearing .
Such as , after swimming , that I have a safe and a bathroom to take a shower .
Secondly , I do not like to go to the beach , this is because I do not like big sun and sand .
However , I like to stay in the swimming pool during the summer .
Actually , I do not know how to swim , but it is my favorite sport in my whole life .
Moreover , I think before doing any kind of sports that we should do some exercises . That is because we need to relax our bodies first . If we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sports .
In conclusion , my opinion is I do not like to do any sports , but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it , as we could not stay at home or working all the time .
Even if you really do not like to do exercise , that you can go to shop .
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life .
In the first place , we need to pay attention to the fact that Caceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep , cows and pigs for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer .
That 's the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are now parks or recreational areas .
Finally , the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of most of the citizenship , who is really concerned about the recycling of waste need .
In fact , around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to sort and recycle their rubbish , taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street .
I woke up today and I just remember that I was doing a presentation about landscapes , and the ones that do it will reward a bonus point , but anyways , this is n't important information .
I searched for my family in the house and there was no one in the home , just me .
I get a bit scared , so I search for them outside in the streets .
I did n't knew that a bomb had hit on the city and killed almost everyone , now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did n't know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area and it 's not that beautiful , so you ca n't distinguish were does the explosion hit .
Finally , in some days , I found some neighbors with some food , I was starving to death , so I ate a lot .
In the next morning , I ate a piece of steak and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around seeking to kill and eat us .
In the night , I was thinking about many things just when I heard some noises .
We were talking about this when a dog just came near ; it was adorable , but just when he converted into a big weird creature .
We saw that beast eating our friends and the food .
In some ways , the fact that she robbed the food in the night and I wake up it was good for my survival .
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how am I going I would not do it , because I have to face all of this .
Why do you have to exercise ?
What benefits do you obtain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico , does n't practice any type of exercise , this is a big problem to our society and is the problem number 1 of why Mexico is the country with more obese people in the world .
Now days there 's a lot of different types of exercising , you can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the GYM or practise Crossfit or something like that .
Soccer it 's a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skills because it 's not easy to controll the ball and dribble you 're rivals on the field .
Many disagree about whether the public transport whom are to be disappearing , though we still have to deal with different opinions about the increasing in travelling .
This composition will explain the two different opinions .
Firstly , the car is more convenient because there is privacy .
Also , unlike public transport such as buses and the underground , you have much more comfort and speed .
Then just owning a car and looking after your car , insurance , tax , etc .
Obviously , it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh , but I do n't work in Edinburgh .
Now , secondly , travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do n't pay any fees on public transport ) , but also , it is safer ,
The main reason is that the cars ' owners are drunk when driving .
As a result , the economy has been increasing .
Topic :
Do you agree or disagree ? " Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreement on always telling the truth be the most important point in a relationship will be my opinion .
Even though being truthful is crucial in a relationship , always telling the truth would be considered as hurting others ' feelings and is unwise .
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about a personal matter and it would feel like awkward to mention it to colleagues or the employer .
It is better to tell a little white lie at this moment .
To further illustrate the first point above , you that could hurt one 's feelings by telling the truth at all time .
For example , if some woman you are acquainted is with wearing inappropriate clothes not fitting in the occasion .
People usually tend not telling her the truth , since it could make her feelings .
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private , since , most of the time , it is strange and inappropriate to talk about oneself too much to people at work or even people that one has just got acquainted with .
If there are questions about things one do not want other people to know , they might say a little white lie , which usually does not matter too much .
If I was having a day off to go to a doctor 's , I would prefer other people from asking for details about it by say that I just had some errands to run .
When we were in the class , suddenly Michael walked towards the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
I could n't understood why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door .
I ended up getting expelled from the school because the teacher and the classmates suspected Michael and I steal our classmate - Sally 's wallet .
I could n't imagine the teacher and our friends also pointed at us firmly and without given any chance for us to speak out .
Although , one day later the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change to a new school as we know , even if we go back this time , similar cases could happen next time .
This is because the teacher has a biased mindset .
Dear USA summer camps ,
my name is Bianca Padovesi , and I have read your advertisement for the job .
I like making puzzles or games which imply running , jumping , which are important for the kids ' development .
I am not very good t cooking , but because I never have time to dedicate time on that .
Bianca
Day number 8 .
We were ready to go and find the others , we went outside the shelter we had built and write in wall near to the shelter " safe zone " and if there is someone that needs supplies he would find some supplies and ammo to survive .
We start our journey and going in the forest , there was a lot of # pests . On our way , there were various guys that were sick but we could n't do anything except for , keep going , I was seeing my little group to # diminish and some of us were # allergic to some plants , I was the only one that had no problem with all the other stuff people had problems with .
I thought that maybe my # genes were actually immune to the infection . I could actually be the # revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my # skeptick and I was really positive about it but , # notwithstanding , I would n't actually sacrifice myself . I have to think about whether is it help the entire world or just save a group . The decision was in my hands . It was # conventional to help the entire world , but I do n't want to die . while I was thinking about that , we found a body . It was a familiar body from someone that was in the group . One of those guys we wanted to find , and alive not dead . His face was all rotten and eaten away by the walkers .
We needed to find the ones that were still alive or at least tells us what happened to everyone , the # battle against hunger started , everyone was hungry , and we haven't eaten anything in a few days and that could lead us to two things : dead or eaten away by a walker . So we needed to find something that was a # nutritional based food where we could eat with no problem and be ok .
We got close to the pharmacy . There was no walkers inside , so we run into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check on us in the night . I needed some rest and went to sleep immediately .
But private traffic in this town is yet more present , as the result of the fact that Turin is the town of FIAT , the well known factory .
Near to your home , there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you need to live .
There is an opinion that famous people , such as celebrities , film stars , politicians or people who work in the music industry deserve to have a private life , deserve not to be under constant observation .
To my mind , there should be a board between paparazzi work and a privacy of famous people .
In my opinion , big stars should be able to relax and take some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned , there is no one who feels comfortable when is under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures which shows them in an embarrassing situation .
Unfortunately , this is a part of celeb 's ' work ' , so they have to take it into account .
I know that catching a celebrity doing celaning or taking a dog for a walk is a shocking news for people who read tabloids .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs are such a normal people as everyone of us , only with more money in theirs bank accounts
So , as you can see , I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable , deserve to have a privte life and the ability of having a normal life should be also given to them .
The Maze Runner
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to give it a try .
The poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery , which made me take the decision to watch this film .
He has no idea how he ended up there .
He took the role of a runner , the people responsible for exploring the maze and look for an exit out of this place .
Still , they only have the daylight time to explore the maze , as when the sun goes down , it becomes very dangerous .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discover something that is hidden inside the maze .
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully I 'll be playing for many more , what I love about it is , first of all , that , tall or small , anyone could play it as long as they 're determined so basically , it is a life - long sport for everyone .
I love the speed of volleyball , most of the time it 's quick and if you blink you will probably missed something , each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player directs the location of the ball in that amount of time . And then there 's the intensity , if you haven't seen a game , go until 32 - 30 , and see the energy on the floor and hear the noise from the crowd . You 're missing out .
Personally , winning such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do n't , it still keeps me wanting more .
I am always trying to jump higher , hit harder , pass and set better , and serve in more different ways .
I live in New Eltham .
My area is very clean and very green .
People there are very friendly and helpful .
It is a good place to live .
Of course , garbage is sorted into different bins .
That is a very good idea , because that robbish undergo a recycling .
Especially in spring , there is a lot of colours and pleasant odors .
New Eltham have beautiful parks where you can relax from the busy place .
Green time in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently eaten at Black Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagni , a little town near Catania located under the Etna volcano slopes , and I found that restaurant was easily the best I have eaten in .
There were two rooms , a smoking room or a non - smoking room .
As I was eaten with my friend , Moreno , and his father , I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu and I really liked the Chianina beef , it was very tasty .
All the ingredients were clearly fresh and of the highest quality .
But I would highly recommend this restaurant , despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive , and I will , no doubt , be back for other dinners .
Drugs is a topic with a lot of controversy .
Also , this illegality is the guilty for the attraction of the drugs because the majority of people start having drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating .
I think everyone has proved some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjoy themself with friends or just to prove them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong , because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life , because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to put deadlines to themselves .
Finally , legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable and we know how the taxes work in our country , so I do not know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Shrooq ,
But unluckily , I 'm having an exam on Thursday , so I ca n't meet you , but you can take me up from the school at 1:30 , then we can go to have lunch .
My school is really easy to find , go straight ahead onto Aljameah street , then turn right beside the farce of KAU university , after getting down from the bridge , you 'll find the school on your right .
So excited to see you !
Bye for now .
Nouf .
Dear Les ,
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barcelona where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Wonders of the World .
In Madrid you can go to visit some museums , like the Reina Sofa or El Prado .
On the other hand , if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria , what is like a little safari park , or Doana National Park , which in that period , you can see some migration birds .
If I were you and I had a completely summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place , and I would rent a car in order to move between the cities .
I recommend you not to take warm clothes .
I hope you enjoy your summer .
Adrin .
Bart Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV .
He is the eldest son of the Simpson family .
Bart is ten years old and is a typical American child .
Bart always wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts .
His parents and the school principal often punish him .
Bart is an energetic and clever student but he is also a bad student and he hates nerds .
In the Simpson family , all the characters are very funny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history and I absolutely agree .
For me , Bart is funnier than Homer , although most magazines say that Homer is the best character .
It was one dreary , rainy Sunday morning .
I was n't in the mood to go out anyway .
Suddenly , there was a heavy knock on the door .
Who on Earth could that be ?
Who would have even bothered to pay me a visit during this bloody awful weather ?
My concerns were answered swiftly , for the man on my threshold yelled : " I have a letter for Mr. Samson !
I opened it and quickly scanned the text .
Although , I had n't met him a single time , this letter was his last will and I learned that I had inherited a good deal of money .
Fifty thousand pounds , to be precise .
Exultation seized my mind instantly , but I soon began to worry : " What will I do with this amount of money ? "
Well , the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been staying for the last ten years .
Actually , this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water .
I am very much worried about the town where I am staying because everybody of this town is not bother about the rubbish things they do every day .
First of all , they are very dirty by nature .
So - called people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip of others , not doing anything for the betterment of their own town .
All the household nearby the public road throws the dirty things away easily and even do n't bother about the order of the municipality .
what I feel is that everyone who are staying the town should at least keep clean their own front places and sides surrounds them .
I am upset about it and , whenever I get a chance , I speak with my fellow people and look for their feedback , but they are also the same in nature .
People are now self - centred and very narrow - minded .
Though they are becoming so - called educated , but in a real sense they are still savage .
Dear Mrs. Ashby ,
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it .
I am a Tourism student and I need to work at weekends to pay for my studies .
I have worked for one year in London as a waiter in the Hard Rock Cafe and 6 months as a waiter also in Barcomi 's Cafe in Berlin .
I am also very good at dealing with people , I have never had a complaint sheet !
I have total availability at weekends and also in summer .
I speak Spanish , English and German .
Please , find attached a copy of my CV , which expands on my experience and achievements .
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you .
Thank you for your time and consideration .
Yours Sincerely ,
Mara Luisa Castaneda del Acuna
Nowadays , public transport has become a major topic .
As a matter of fact , car ownership have increased over the last decades , reducing the amount of people using public transport .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than going by a bus full of people or , even worse , the idea of wasting time in a long queue .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government .
Similarly , people in countries with a less income turn to these services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses .
People need easy , fast and cheap solutions .
In general , using a car is easier then taking a train or a bus .
It 's just near your house or your office .
But if you are sleepy , tired , bored , or simply you do n't like to drive , you can find it easier to take a public transport .
And also more enjoyable : you can relax , listening to the music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books .
It depends .
But , if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying for the insurance , etc . ) , maybe cars are not so cheap .
In fact , in every aspect there are pros and cons .
What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities ?
Informal letter for CAE ( PART 1 )
Dear Jan ,
Thank you for your letter .
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer .
I am not sure , however , that this job will meet all your requirements . .
Happily , you will get the chance to practise your English skills .
All in all , the experience was beneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I would n't worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you .
When you decide what to do , do not hesitate to let me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Favius
The past few weeks have been really tough for Michael .
This whole business has started to get on his nerves .
He has to deal with it , the sooner the better .
For now , one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
He ca n't dump Angy just like that , they 've been friends for years .
She 's not bad .
And he has to put a stop to this without hurting anybody .
So , yes , the decision is made .
He 'll break up with her .
Probably , even tomorrow .
It all started in such an idiotic way .
Mike ca n't really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps , at the time he was pissed at himself for not having the balls to get the girl he loved because of all these religious issues , Malika 's family , and so on , but this is what happened .
And that definitely was not the right thing to do .
At the moment , he did n't realise that .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
At the moment , I have passed the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year .
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future .
Moreover , I used to work as a volunteer when still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework .
I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified lifeguard .
I attach a reference from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at the scout camp .
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this post in an interview .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
Well , I would like to talk about my school life .
I wish to be a great engineer one day , so I 've decided to continue my studies at university .
School is my life : I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics , that are the subjects that I like more .
My teachers are very good at their job , so I hope to be like them one day .
The big problem in my class are the majority of my classmates : they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school and , I think , even at home .
However , I do n't hate them at all ; they are very funny and kind people when they want .
I hope to be at a good English level , because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English and then I am going to try to enter at this school , even if I know that it 's very difficult ; the Imperial college of London is one of the most important universities in the whole world .
Nowadays , it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do , because of the calories , the kilos they are going to gain , and all that stuff .
We discovered our fascination with food and ' The Puerquitour ' was born .
Then a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began .
Again , we ate tacos , but this time they were special .
The name of the place is Tacos La Chule and tacos are gourmet there .
That day did not finish with the tacos , after a walk in Reforma and a long pause in The Independence Angel , we went to a movie theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we ate crepes .
The third day was one of my favourite , the place is soooooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel you 're like into the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with the name of famous women and lovely drinks .
The seafood is delicious there , my recommendations are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water .
On the fifth day , it was time to eat more tacos , the place ?  El asadero Hidalguense .
You have to be starving to eat a molcajete by yourself , it is just too much for one person , so if you did not take breakfast it is a good option , or you can share it with an amazing company , as I did .
The sixth day was to celebrate Magda 's final test , a friend from high school , who had already presented it to get the Master 's Degree ; and the farewell of Vicente , who is already at the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
Because we like the food , we celebrated by eating in Memelas Pub .
The dessert ?
Ice cream in Tepoznieves .
Because Vic was almost with a foot in the USA , we spent all day together .
The seventh day started with a really nice breakfast , gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea .
Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown .
The plan was to have dinner at Hilaria Gastrobar for all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed ; so we decided to eat at El Huequito , the traditional Al Pastor Special accompanied by black beer .
I love to spend time doing what I like and with people I love .
Do n't forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
These first two chapters extracted from Great Expectations by Charles Dickens introduce a young boy known as Pip .
He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates .
At least , I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending .
He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister .
Actually , the narrator is our protagonist , but telling the story as an adult .
And the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words , but with actions .
The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name .
Also , the narrator mainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech in just a few occasions , when referring to his own words .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answer the thief , writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he would get him what broken bits of food he could , and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
Apart from this , he just writes exactly what the characters said .
The voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view .
He only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniscient power .
Also , he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , stout , dark man , with curly black hair , just from looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over the text , accompanied by even more twisted reflections , like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who stole him as a man afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself .
Actually , we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and hers brother suffer and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her , rather than worrying about the person who live in his own house .
The narrator describes her as a woman that has earned a good reputation by being aggressive with his little brother .
Also , the way the characters talk is opposed to the way the narrator writes .
In fact , the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the only exception of the thief , that talks about his partner in twelve long sentences with complex structures .
For instance , here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter :
" My sister , Mrs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I , and had established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up " by hand . "
Having at that time to find out for myself what the expression meant , and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be much in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me , I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand . "
On the other hand , the dialogues are simple and shorter :
" Now lookee here , " he said , " the question being whether you 're to be let to live . You know
what a file is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
" And you know what wittles is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
Moreover , the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said .
Pip uses a rich vocabulary , using a lot of mental verbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things .
The marsh pointed on the first chapter is a good example .
Regardless , the dialogues are written exactly as they were said .
The thief said " Who d'ye with ? "
This is written as it is said , making it more realistic .
Notwithstanding , the way this novel is narrated is the protagonist .
The story is narrated as it happens .
The second chapter makes reference to the first and reveals something about the thief .
Also , the slow rhythm is adequate .
The thief disappears , but the first chapter 's ending make us feel curious about their next meeting .
Therefore , I do not know how the story will end .
Too much mystery and just a few facts can be read in these chapters .
All I know is that this story will not have a happy ending .
Like another brick in the wall , another tombstone in the graveyard .
I would like to read a story without tale , just a regular man who died while he was learning to live .
Obviously , this would be difficult as the narrator 's voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing .
If the story has a happy ending , then the central theme could be getting over adversities ; if not , it is a sad story .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She has been waiting so long for this day to come .
It was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother .
After finding the adoption papers , she contacted the adotpion agency .
Even though it was illegal , the lady gave her the name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding , her biological mother .
A month passed by before she had the courage to dial that number .
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother 's rejection .
After a few seconds , a woman picked up the phone .
At the beginning , Anna did not say anything , she could not utter any sound .
But then she said " hello , my name is Anna and I think you are my mother " .
After another few seconds of silence , Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions .
They agreed to meet the next day in the park .
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions .
The most exciting day of my life .
On the first day , I was very angry because my parents did n't take with us Ilaria , my best friend .
I love him and my dream was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible and my parents did n't want to drive me to his hotel , so I was quite sad .
Unexpectedly , on the third day , while I was swimming in the sea , I saw some people in the distance and some cameras , but at the moment I thought they were making a video .
So I went toward the crowd and when he saw me he smiled .
When he left I was sad but also really happy .
This was certainly the most exciting day of my life .
L'Albero , the Best Pizza West of Italy
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood .
As you enter the restaurant , you know the pizza is going to be good .
The space is family friendly , a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends .
My only complaint is that there are too many delicious choices on the menu , it is often difficult deciding what to order .
So far I have never been disappointed .
To start , you must try the Rose Wind Salad , it 's a fresh , flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza crust .
As a main dish , you ca n't go wrong ordering one of their pizza 's , all of them are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
The staff is very helpful , explaining the menu to customers .
Also , the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person for two different dishes , drinks and desert .
I promise you wo n't be disappointed .
The best places for young people in Dublin
This report looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from a different country .
It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area .
It seems that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be Temple Bar .
It offers a wide variety of activities like museums , a cinema , a very large green garden and many pubs to choose from .
The Johnnie Fox Pub was highly recommended , it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place .
The Dublin Wax Museum was suggested by many students .
Several people said that the National Botanic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors .
On the whole , there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students ' preferences and the finances available to them .
It is true that people everywhere like watching sports .
In this essay , both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided .
From one point of view , top athletes are good models to emulate for several reasons .
Firstly , watching the success of such athletes , teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
This means they will want to play sports , which is essential for their health .
Secondly , doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure .
This is a good example for youngsters to follow .
From another perspective , sometimes , professional athletes are not good role models .
Firstly , sport has become business .
Many sports stars are only concerned about money and fame .
This can lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sports instead of learning how to play well and having the fun of the game or the competition .
Secondly , there are those athletes who behave disgustingly .
For example , some take drugs or cheat in order to win at any cost .
In conclusion , there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people .
Dickens and the Bronte sisters use the same style : realistic style .
They are influenced by the surrounding in which they live : Dickens , the city of London , while the Bronte sisters the natural landscape of the Yorkshire .
Their realism is different : in fact , Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism , in which he mixes pathos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wish to portray , while the Bronte sisters use a realistic style laced with Romantic and Gothic elements , like Byronic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in a European country from 1979 to 2004 .
From the 4 source ate , 3 of them remained a steady decline , with the exception of chicken consumption , which had risen over the 25 year period .
Both lamb consumption and the category labelled beef had a decline trend between 1979 and 2004 , although they maintained a decrease overall , with lamb consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979 down to just over 50 grams per person per week in 2004 , and beef consumption falling from around 230 grams per person per week down to just over 120 grams per person per week .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption which elaborated a stable climbing from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption of 250 per person per week .
Overall , it is evident from the graph that some sectors declined , others rose , and one remained steady consumption over the 25 year span .
Dear Mr. Merrifield :
My name is Dmitry Lavrov .
Our lab works along with Alexis Hervieux on his study of arpin .
Recently , he has visited Moscow and while we 've been having a conversation , I 've mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc position abroad .
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology , Alexis told me to try and contact you .
Our conversation with Alexis and your own publications - all supports the suggestion that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master methodological and research skills .
Not to mention the participation in a pioneering study .
My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in the actin cytoskeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelial cells .
Earlier I had a publication in PLoS One with description of dissimilarities in the organization and regulation of adherence junctions associated with different types of actin bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells .
Thereafter , I studied the accumulation of various actin - binding proteins and actin isoforms within adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .
On the coarse of this investigation , I have obtained some promising results which I 'm going to report on at the FEBS - EMBO conference which will take place in Paris in the beginning of september .
Also , I 'm preparing materials for the next publication .
Yours respectfully ,
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper are in the attachment .
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper are in the attachment .
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much .
I walked through the old city , through its beautiful squares and parks and I visited its numerous churches , including the cathedral .
There are a lot of places in Lugo worth visiting .
I think that Lugo is very beautiful .
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants where you can eat delicious and typical dishes , for example , octopus .
In Lugo , many traditional parties and festivals take place .
Among the most important I can mention San Froiln and Arde Lucus .
From 4th to 12th October Lugo holds its San Froiln Fiestas .
San Froiln is a festival of National Tourist Interest .
This festival is dedicated to the city 's patron saint , and it shows traditional Galician costumes and folklore .
Another important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus .
It is celebrated in June .
I recommend you visit Lugo in June because Arde Lucus is celebrated .
You can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Roman life in Arde Lucus .
Lugo is and incredible city and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places and , festivities which show and perform precise periods of the history of Spain , such as the Celtic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the city , the bigger the problem .
City X " has no specific waste disposal plan , but a federal law establishes a due term until 1st July .
The city is thriving on implementing new measures to achieve the Council 's goals .
The recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipality to sort waste , and show a result 20% better than last year .
The city has many projects , such as the " Keep it clean , keep it beauty " , whose goal is to promote proper disposal in the public areas .
A municipal waste policy that integrates private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem .
The city needs a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish .
The increase of green areas represent a significant improvement in the quality of life according to the USED report of 2012 and also fits in 16 out of 20 requirements of a city of the future .
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university , because you can have lots of new experiences .
For example , you can travel to new places .
Another idea is you can work , you can find a job and earn money before you start university .
Moreover , sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams so they need to have some time to relax .
But you need to earn money if you want to travel , so you can first work and then travel .
You can find work as a waiter or in a shop .
However , some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do n't , you forget what you have learned in school .
We live in a time when everything changes quickly .
We 'll be surrounded by machines and robots .
And what about houses ?
Will people 's homes be different or still the same ?
Imagining the future , I see everything different .
The houses will have , for example , the shape of a sphere or igloo .
Some of them might be turned upside down .
Sometimes , they will be some kind of a modern art and it will be hard to describe a shape .
And what about interiors ?
In practice , there will be no normal furniture , just machines waiting for a command .
Glad to hear that you 've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month !
I really hope to work with you someday !
At the interview , leaving interviewers with a good impression is of great importance . Here're some tips on how to do it .
Businesslike suits and ties fit in well with the formal occasion .
Second , being punctual .
Interviewers have to cope with a tight schedule everyday so they are n't willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate who 's late somehow .
Third , being prepared .
As the old saying goes , well prepared is half done .
You 're expected to know something about our company , ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers .
If you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you can up front , you really stand a chance in the interview .
Since you 've applied for the sales assistant position in the sales department , the sales manager will be interviewing you .
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long .
Plus , he 's willing to communicate with others and take on new challenges so he transferred to the sales department two years ago .
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department .
In his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job .
I hope what I mention above will be of some help to you .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Lots of Love ,
Iris
Dear Sir or Madam
I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful , energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate for the aforementioned position .
Moreover , when an undergraduate , I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job .
Yours faithfully
I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Andres 's outstanding overall performance .
Yet , oftentimes , being overly respectful may play against him and , although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with , some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone 's back and taking ownership for other people 's mistakes .
If I had my own language school , I would first bear in mind a main goal : raising public awareness of my language school and the services it will provide .
Then I would start gathering some information about the market , that is to say , social trends , population statistics , such as age , gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well .
By doing so , I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance , but also to identify customers ' needs .
Last but not least , I would test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded .
And you ?
Have you ever thought about how you can promote your language courses , for example ?
I challenge you to think about it and try it .
According to recent research , there are no doubts that natural gas drilling rigs , natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribute to the increasing wealth of the local communities .
People who live in the areas of natural gas infrastructure earn from a few to several percent more than those who live in other regions where such an infrastructure does n't exist .
Another advantage is that a developing natural gas industry equals new jobs , what is profitable for people living in whereabouts .
Exploration and extraction of the shale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with the gas industry for instance in exploration , mining , production and distribution of shale gas .
Even if companies will hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad , there will be upgrowth in a number of job positions in the gastronomy and hospitality zones , as they need to eat and sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure , there will be constant development in the gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well .
The Kosciuszko Institute conducted a research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shale gas .
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually .
When planning their vacation , a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit .
Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard , as there are so many choices .
There are some travel destinations that definitely stand out , such as Santorini .
Sandy beaches , crystal - clear waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that set it apart from other islands .
Santorini also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight , even though exploring it can be dangerous !
Another place worth visiting in Greece is Athens .
Believe it or not , Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Parthenon , the Acropolis Museum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athens .
Last but not least , Crete is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece .
Other than having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece , people can visit the water sports parks there , which are extremely good fun !
Summing up , Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting , although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it 's better to prepare for a long time before the exam or whether a few days are going to be enough .
It 's quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in your exam .
For example , one year ago , I had my final surgery exam .
I had set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through for the exam plus reviewing them twice .
The plan required my commitment for around a 12 hours of daily study for almost 3 months .
If I had n't had such an organized plan , I would never have got such a perfect score .
It 's quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams are approaching .
What is not normal at all is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and that are included in your exam .
For example , I once had a chemistry exam in high school and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies , thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam .
I had insomnia the night of my exam , it was n't enough that I was n't well prepared , but also my nerves got torn out and that affected my scores tremendously .
Ever since , I do everything in its due time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores .
Moreover , if I aim at getting high scores , I assert that memorizing the details is important .
If you do n't start studying before the exam with an appropriate time , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soak up the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word .
That will help you a lot even if you do n't get the chance to revise everything before your exam .
It was just flooding back without so much effort .
So , for sure , having enough time to memorize and practice what you learn is going to help you a lot in your exam .
In sum , I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only a few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform greatly , you should start studying from day one if possible .
In my opinion , nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the environment .
However , the technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer .
Thirdly , only the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
The most expensive thing in a nuclear power plant is to hire qualified personnel .
It ca n't stop making energy when the weather is bad , because people need a lot of electricity .
If we run out of power , entire cities could plunge the chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Lima is the only South American city which is a capital and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
Lima was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los Reyes " .
Lima has a multicultural tradition , then in it coincide a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups , like mestizos , European Peruvians , which are the second largest group , and the minority in Lima includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Peruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization , immigration , and indigenous influences , such as the stay of the Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments , called " Huacas " .
The Historic Centre of Lima was declared a World Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a city that keeps its history through an amazing architecture , like balconies , churches like San Francisco Church which has mysterious subterranean catacombs ; el Real Felipe , which is the last incredible Spanish fortress ; through their costumes as well as the Carnival , this day you can enjoy this particular , interesting and colorful festival because you use water , paint or talc to wet your family and neighbor ; their typical dance , called " La Marinera " ; also they keep their history through religion , where you discover the religious enthusiasm which is represented by la Procesin del Seor de los Milagros ; their gastronomy is another extraordinary and wonderful example about their symbols , like Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , los Picarones , etc .
Lima is a beautiful city of contrast , where you can find a diversity of historical , modern and business places .
Definitely , Lima is a spectacular and charming city to spend your perfect holidays in .
Hi Jane ,
Below you can find a few suggestions of mine .
Firstly , the rate of interest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
And you do not need to pay any annual charges for having a credit card .
Unfortunately , the bank does n't have branches in Britain .
And all banking operations must be done by phone .
The second bank , Royal Savings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650 ) , so you can make all bank operations on the spot .
But there is a service charge for owning a credit card (  12 per year ) .
The final decision is yours .
Take care and see you very soon ,
Yours Agnieszka
To : gKL6@yahoo.com
From : oS7jM@yahoo.com
Subject : An important thing to do !
My dear Paul ,
I 'm writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gaga 's concert .
It must have been my friend , Marius Boni , who recommended me for this service .
What can I say ?
Yours ,
Ionut
I have been skiing for most of my life and I am very enthusiastic about it .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers use these days .
Every day , as soon as I woke up , I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own .
The temperature was often several degrees below zero , and you would freeze if you did n't keep moving up and down the slope .
My brother showed a natural talent for the sport , but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared .
Little by little , I improved my skiing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself .
Nowadays , I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment .
Skiing is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field .
The subjects I 've pursued at my high school level , such as financial accounting , commerce and economics , has given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and has given me a solid academic foundation .
I also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities .
I found out that Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing rapid social changes and transformation , making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in .
Czech universities provides high standards of education , internationally recognized degrees , modern campuses with outstanding facilities , a safe and affordable education , a warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity .
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the safest and most stable countries in Europe .
Right now , I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of a university life academically , socially and mentally , and I believe that my ambition to learn new business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service , would make me a competent addition to the any of my proposed university and the Czech Republic Scholarship team .
A dog is man 's best friend
It is a well - known fact that people need to have communication with other people .
However , they are not always satisfied or taken into the society .
The best example is an animal with great qualities , a dog .
A dog 's personality is one of their best qualities .
Always friendly , bubbly and in a good mood , they are great to spend time with .
It makes people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter .
A dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a smile on people 's face .
And that is what they are there for , to make people happy .
These hairy four - legged animals are also very protective .
The stronger the bond between the dog and their owner , the stronger the dog 's reaction will be .
It is believed that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true .
So , having a dog could also remind them to live a healthier life .
In conclusion , dogs make really great pets .
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you any harm , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you makes you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside .
So , if someone really loves their pet , they would find time to pay a lot of attention to them , because , they truly are man 's best friend .
Hi John !
It 's great to hear from you again ! I will give you some details about my experience at " Zoe Kak adventure " , one of the most well - known centres in our country .
First of all , we started with a tiring assault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles .
Although it made me feel exhausted , I found it extremely entertaining .
Rock climbing was another of the challenges I had to face .
Despite the fact that it turned out to be harder than I had expected , I managed to reach the summit .
One of the last activities offered by the centre was diving .
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up , so if you do n't want to miss out on this great opportunity too , trust your trainers , since they are highly qualified .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there and I guarantee you that all the teachers meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy yourself a lot without getting yourself into trouble .
For all these reasons , this centre 's really worth a visit .
Write soon and let me know if you need to know anything else .
Sara .
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right , it was from Paris ...
My mother had written to me after months !
Since she left to Paris last year , I had been living in the school residence , which was n't cheerful at all , what made me feel really depressed .
But I had her letter at last , so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holidays I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her for at least two months because she was missing me a lot .
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had n't forgotten me .
I had never travelled to Europe yet , so I was really nervous too , but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor
I am writing to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor listed at jobsDB on 26th January , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong .
I am proficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years ' experience in the publication industry .
Currently I am working in a press as an editor .
I am an aggressive , creative but careful person who can work independently .
On the other hand , I am also a good team player that can work well with colleagues , presentable and with a strong sense of responsibility .
Attached please find my resume and portfolio for your reference .
Please feel free to contact me by phone at 12345678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Chen Ki Tsou
Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the labor market .
Aware parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education try to spot in homeschooling a solution for their children 's education .
Although homeschooling may seem , according to some of these parents ' opinions , " a paved road " , it
is a path not suitable for everybody 's cars , and that compels us to seek other routes .
Homeschooling should not be considered a wold - wide phenomenon , since only a few countries : the UK ,
Canada , and especially the USA , can boast of having it .
The situation in Spain can be assessed as a " legal vacuum " in light of our constitutional right to free
education , meanwhile attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
Educational and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning .
Now though , before homeschooling your kids you also have to consider the same amount of roadblocks :
the lack of facilities or expertise , not enough socialization for your children , ending up being a frustrated parent without enough money to make ends meet .
As far as I am concerned , I want to think about homeschooling as a wake - up call for educational
systems .
However , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills .
As traditional education seems to be exhausted , new technologies open up as " the
solution " and blended learning is the future .
Obviously , the future also indicates a home with more technology and very energy - efficient systems .
Environmentally - friendly buildings will be definitely on the drawing board .
Built with recyclable or recycled materials , the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be lit by daylight on sunny days , not to mention skylights and solar panels on the roofs , which is more and more popular , even these days .
Moreover , solar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploiting some new areas .
Maybe it 's building castles in the air , but houseboats and apartments situated above city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted .
I suppose that will never change , even if they live in a concrete ivory tower .
Catch it or lose it
The alpha and the omega of a good team is trust .
That 's the most important point if you want to play handball .
You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate and he has to catch it .
Otherwise the opponent will have the chance to get a point .
Are you a real team player ?
Handball is one of the most dynamic sports in this world .
Over eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes , if not even more .
This shows how rapidly the game can change .
One lost ball can make your team the loser of the game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old .
At first , it was only a hobby but with the years it became a passion .
Triathlon : A famous sport throughout the world
Clearly , this is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work per day and , as a way of relaxing , we find doing a sport as an effective way of taking the stress out of our bodies .
In fact , we can see many people jogging and cycling these days , whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after .
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport .
It consists of a mixture between three different sports , swimming , cycling and jogging and , as a result , it can be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to practise it anywhere , which means I can do it near my home instead of having to go to a sports center .
It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it .
Triathlon has become more popular over the past few years and more and more people are eager to try it .
A gap year between school and college sounds a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study .
However , there are some questions as to whether it should be for everyone or not .
First , I would like to put the arguments in favour of the year off .
For example , things might gone not as they had expected for multiple reasons , such as not having enoff money or not getting a job .
I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage city of Caceres , which is located in Spain .
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company .
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen !
" Farmer Giles of Ham " is a fantasy story written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Set in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Ham , who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant .
When the dragon Chrysophylax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure .
At the end of the story , Giles becomes an independent king .
I liked a lot this story firstly , because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones : they bring me to another universe , making me forget every day 's life .
Secondly , it is very original , because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends : the hero is an ordinary person , knights reveal fearful and incompetent and clashes are won with words instead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody , because it is funny and adventurous and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in the USA Summer Camp that I saw advertised in our local newspaper .
In addition , we had to have one year of volunteering in a Youth Supervising environment in preparation for our finished assingment , so I am able to be a member of your well skilled staff .
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor .
In the past two years , I have worked in the Scout Organization , helping the area manager to organize activities for children .
This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children 's personalities .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Lubomir Sawicki
Does traveling broaden your mind ?
In my opinion , travelling does broaden your mind .
When you visit different places , you get to see different environments , cultures , people and even different languages .
Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways .
For example , if you learn another language different from your own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists .
Besides , when we travel to different places , we see there are many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture , and we see how different from one another humans are .
For all of these reasons I think travelling really broadens your mind .
To fulfill this dream , a PhD degree would be the most essential footstep .
I believe that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields .
After my PhD , I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of the University of Barisal .
There is no future for public transport ?
In some cities , it 's even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission , so there is no other solution than to use a public transport .
Well , it depends .... When you travel with your own car you are independent .
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver , so it 's your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place .
You can listen to your favorite music or the radio .
You are the boss .
However , as a driver , you always have to be careful and watch out on the route .
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places , your own car is the best solution .
It allows you to see much more in your own pace .
But think about the costs .
Think how much you pay for a petrol nowadays .
Consider , as well , how many days do you have for vacations .
Maybe cheap airlines are better ?
What else ?
After work you can go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the ecology is important for you , just think about the pollution .
In my opinion : yes , there is !
Is travelling by car more convenient ?
Well , it depends !
Why using the first person narration ?
We ca n't understand what others think usually , but in this friction , the author invited us to know what was inside the madman 's mind .
Feeling that the main character is talking to us , as if we were all involved in this case , the whole thing seemed like it had really happened .
Just like the madman 's plan was happening right in front of us .
To my opinion , the heartbeat is the element that push the whole story to the climax .
The second time when the madman heard the heartbeats , he became impatient , scared , excited and insane , in the end , he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
Finally , I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madman is his intonation .
The sharp contract for the calm and the cruelty , leaves us with a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crazy .
Shivering inside our hearts , the horror increases .
When all was set , they started their trip to the forest .
When they arrived there , they started to look around trying to find different types of animals such as birds , rabbits and deer .
They ran quickly , crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal was."It 's a deer ! , its leg is in a trap ! " , Max 's friend shouted .
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering , so they decided to free the deer .
Afterwards , the animal was better and it walked away slowly .
The question is : whether it is possible to be famous without journalists ?
That is why they are often able to sell information about their private life .
The real problem starts when journalists injures not the celebrity , but its friends or family .
Paparazzi are cruel when in contact with famous people 's children , that may have a negative influence on their emotional development .
How about those who do not want to be popular because of scandals ?
In most cases , they are just doing their job as well as they can , leading their boring life .
And when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone .
Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of life .
As a person who loves to eat , I consider the environment , quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where should I go .
Last Friday I visited a brand new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called " Las Ficheras " .
It was suggested by two friends of mine and , according to them , because of the good food and funny environment .
In my opinion , the food was good , but the prices were too expensive considering the quantity served and the messy service .
We faced continuous problems with the order , such as : dishes from another table served for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the bill was shown even without asking ( just because we finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the table ) .
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at " Las Ficheras " before and , in her opinion , as a Mexican , that restaurant was terrible .
I got curious about this place and decided to go later .
They served us " nachos " with tomato sauce for free while we were choosing the main dishes .
After choosing , a bottle of fresh water was served , again , for free .
We chose " tacos " of meat with guacamole sauce and it was absolutely delicious .
After paying the bill , they offered us a shot of tequila to finish our visit , confirming that great places still exists .
Hey ! I survived ! ! :)
First of all : THANK YOU FOR YOUR TIME AND YOUR HELP WITH THE ARTICLE ! ! !
Second of all , HOW ARE YOU ?
And also , where are you now ? ? :)
As you know , Malta was a big punch right in the stomach , which for sure I did n't need ! :( .
The course and the organization left much to be desired ; and as if that were n't enough , my scholarship ( funny enough not the ones of the ( only ! ) TWO other participants ) , was not sufficient to cover all the costs ! :/
Anyway , CS and magic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Malta with a smile and a warmed up heart .
And for that I want to THANK YOU once again .
He decided to finish the second half without my help , so that was a bit disappointing , both for the feeling of not meeting his expectations * and for the ( I 'm guessing , as I do n't know anything as yet :/ ) less money earned that it will mean .
There again , having a whole bunch of free hours ( days !
The two - day one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well .
The place we were visiting was very beautiful , and if it haven't been because of the limitations for my ankle , we would have gone for a short hike .
I have sent a lot of CVs , and have gone to 3 interviews so far , also for English classes ( one company and two academies ) .
( Please ! ) .
Did you ask Mario about the speakers ?
Because chatting is way faster than writing ;) .
I 'm gon na go now .
Talk to you soon , Mike .
Global warming and its consequences in 2015
These problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the El Nio climate phenomenon .
Furthermore , climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of global warming , clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than the global average .
Facing these consequences , a 4C warming would be even more damaging , according to Belcher .
The problem lies in the outdated framework in which the IWC operates .
Fifteen whaling nations formed the IWC after whale populations collapsed .
The organisation was initially set up to conserve whales only to the extent that they could continue to be used by humans .
The importance of World Heritage properties transcends national boundaries .
Their qualities are extraordinary so that , no matter which country they are found in , and who experiences them , they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
To be included on the World Heritage List , properties must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten selection criteria .
It is also protected by UNESCO because they have found new animals or plants ; there are endangered spices in that area or they have a significant importance in history .
World Heritage is the designation for places on Earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity and , as such , have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy .
The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations .
Its protection and preservation becomes a concern of the international World Heritage community as a whole .
A country may also receive financial assistance and expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites .
Moreover , they remind in the list of sites in danger without to receive assistance .
In my opinion , the sites in danger , unless they do not answer at ten criteria , should be protect for UNESCO .
It 's difficult , but I think that it is necessary to try to invent new way to finance and defend the natural and cultural heritage .
Cricket is my passion .
I love playing , watching and talking about it .
It 's my first passion and I am following it since as far back as my earliest memory goes .
Cricket is a team sport which teaches us team work , collaboration and strict discipline .
It also teaches us how to overcome individual weaknesses and gain advantage of others ' strength to succeed as a team .
Even when I was a kid , I started playing with boys of much higher age than me .
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly .
I followed cricket religiously and have watched almost every match India played .
Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer .
I am a fan of his batting .
He has broken almost every record in cricket history .
Apart from his cricketing skills , I loved his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations .
If someone wants to learn more about cricket , I will advise him to watch the batting of great like Sachin , Dravid , Lara and Pointing .
To learn more about bowling , one should watch Akram , Warne and Murli .
It has nice articles , reviews and statistics on many players and games .
Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help them to understand the insights of the game in deep .
Cricket is going through a rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals .
I ca n't stop thinking about it , because I realized that I had never stopped to think about my life in such a deep way .
By the way , do you know what a Bucket List is ?
It is a list of things that you want to do before you die .
I think it is kind of sad , that I do n't know what I want to do , I do n't know what makes me truly happy .
About two weeks before I met him , I watched a very beautiful movie called " The fault in our stars " .
So , after watching this movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thinking about my life .
Before that , I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that , before this , I need to do other things .
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary to meet someone new , from another entire different culture to make me think about what I want .
It is very strange that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that I have never thought of .
Well , next November I will travel to Europe , the only certain thing on my Bucket List that I know .
However , now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today , because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need to change something , and I think this " something " is almost everything .
Peoples lives will change in the future , and I bet it 's not for the better .
Unlike popular understandings of History ( and even presumably scientific ones , I must say ) , History is not an unstoppable march towards " progress " , whatever that word means .
Rome had its hayday in the first century AD , but just three centuries later , it was only a shadow of its past .
Those later period Romans were n't even able to make the high quality cement that their ancestors were able to make and have technical mastery over just a few centuries earlier .
And who can safely say that three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted ?
But I do n't think , unless there 's another World War , people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
But let 's pick up the World War hypothesis for a second .
I do n't think so , but on the other hand , what the hell do I know ?
The causes that will lead to a new World War may well be in existence right now for all I know , and no one , or only a few very wise and intelligent people , know about it .
One day in the future , another Franz Ferdinand could be killed , and that symbolic event could serve again as an escuse to some country to declare war to another , but the true underlying causes that actually led the countries to wage war against each other would have its roots in much older times .
To : Sam
From : Simonetta
Date : 05/30/14
Subject : holidays are coming !
Hi Sam ,
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year , at the Sunshine Holiday Camp .
Do you remember it ?
I 've already mentioned to you how much fun I had there and why it was great !
Could you ask your parents ' permission ?
In this Camp , parents are calm and do n't worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants and the camp is situated on an entire island .
In addition , the site was purpose built to provide places fit for young people , allowing them to do lots of activities in safety .
There are two swimming pool , two tennis court , one football pitch , canoeing courses and so on , but what I like most is the scuba diving , and the equipment is provided .
The Camp is well - known and opens from May to October and it would be good to book within two weeks , it always get overbooked for the period my parents can take days off , what do you think about coming with us from the 1st august to the 15th ?
Simonetta
The doorbell rang unexpectedly . I had fallen asleep on the couch watching TV .
I got up and I made my way to the front door .
Outside stood the most extraordinary - looking man : he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter .
I was taken aback , so I called my mother , who was asleep with her boyfriends .
She came down , but she did not scream .
Instead she started crying .
The man , as it turned out , was my father , who had been missing for 15 years ...
I did not know that he was still alive .
Mother had always told me he had died in the war .
I think she did this for my own good .
I was very bemused by the situation and did n't know if I liked him or not .
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic .
It was very odd to see him in my home .
Now we all live together .
Although the first days were difficult , now we all get on well .
It is great to be a whole family again .
The Grand Place is the central square of Brussels .
It is surrounded by several old buildings such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages .
These were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters .
Sometimes , they became very rich .
Each building is decorated with the blazon of the corporation .
Their architecture is unique and beautiful .
The square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area .
It is an important place for the history because it is the oldest Grand Place of Europe and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels , which is made of narrow paved streets , old and high buildings and , among other things , chocolate shops .
Every year , when Christmas comes , there is an amazing show with music and lights on the faades of the buildings while a huge fir tree is placed in the centre of the square .
Wawel Royal Castle is one of the highest ranked monuments in the history and culture of Poland and Europe , so during the stay in Poland it is necessary to visit it .
The first Castle , called palatium , was built in the 11th century , and the remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
During the next centuries it was expanded , and in the 16th century , finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion , which has remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably the famous arcaded coutyard .
During the tour , the visitors are shown several room and apartaments , as well as the Royal Private Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of the Polish ' kings ' collection .
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury , where Polish coronation insignia were stored , and the armoury .
Apart from the featured , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle containing its history as well as the other collections .
I recommend visiting Wawel Royal Castle because of its beauty and uniqueness .
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours , and for certain , it will be a memorable experience .
I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old , which means a very long time ago .
I think I am very lucky then , because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way , without books and tough lessons .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good English .
One year ago , I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking It would be not very difficult for me to be successful .
I decided to enrol for a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills .
And there I realised at least two things : the first one was that it is possible to learn how to write better ; the second one was that even when you can make yourself generally understood , It is not so easy to be precise .
A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know how to perform the trick .
In the same way , I had the ideas and the words but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing .
Adolescence .
Adolescence could be compared to a foggy path and , even when it seems you can see something threw it , in reality you do n't .
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things .
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that they confuse our minds .
As I said , adolescents could be very confused and if there 's a thing that get under our skinn , it is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite one .
The worst part is that they get angry with us !
We 're confused , they 're not clear , and then they also get angry and they 're surprised when we get mad at them !
It 's true that we should always be respectful , but sometimes it turns out to be impossible , because they do everything to provoke us .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a sort of accordance , because in the end we do n't only feel anger for , them but also a lot of love .
It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fly in our stomach , it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tale .
It is a period in which we have our first experiences , and it is as scary as it is exciting .
Dear group leader ,
I really hope that you have a nice welcome and , please , feel at home .
Here , in Mallorca , there are a lot of places to visit , but I will recommend you a unique place , without tourists , noise and crowded beaches .
On the east of Mallorca you will find a small and beautiful village called Art .
Nowadays , you can still see some fishermen fishing on the seashore .
Here your adventure starts .
In order to get to your destination , you must ride a bicycle and just enjoy the splendid panoramic view .
This zone is part of a protected area , a natural park .
As Machado said " se hace camino al andar " .
It means that the most important is the way , the journey .
On the way to Ca los cans , you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation .
There are a lot of trees called " tamarells " , native trees of the coast of Mallorca .
Finally , you will get to Ca los Cans .
It is a special beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels .
There you can practise different sports .
It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see different fishes , sea urchins and seaweed .
The function of the Talaiots is not clear yet .
Maybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for high - class people .
The sunset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes behind the mountain range of Tramuntana .
From that seashore you can see all the Alcdia bay , part of the mountain range of Tramuntana and the cape of Formentor .
Ca los Cans is a mixture of sea , nature and culture .
Regards ,
Paula .
Introduction .
The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after one year running .
This report analyses the two main facilities : the gym and the swimming pool .
The gym .
The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer .
On the other hand , the gym is too small .
Every afternoon it is crowded , so it is very difficult to do exercise .
The swimming pool .
It is ideal for people who do not compete because of its length , about 20 metres .
Furthermore , it is not too deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim .
On the other hand , the changing rooms are too far from this facility , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another .
Conclusions .
The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent but the gym could be bigger .
The Future of Public Transport
When we imagine the future , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses and rusty subway trains .
As technologies develop and become cheaper , more and more people buy personal cars .
A car allows us to move faster and not to depend on others .
In my opinion , it is not true .
Firstly , there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car .
Students , children from large families , and old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time .
Secondly , cars can also turn into public transport .
Science fiction often depicts the future as the world where cars are used freely .
Anyone can use the nearest car he or she sees .
Thirdly , people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future , children and teenagers will need public transportation .
This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age .
The chart above gives some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries .
According to the chart , the two countries with the lowest salaries are Country A and Country B.
These ones are called " source countries " , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries .
Otherwise , the countries with the highest saliaries are country C and country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones are called " destination countries " because the health care service is provided by foreign and qualified workers .
Moreover , in the first three countries , doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns , apart from the last country , Country D. In this one , the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries .
In Country D , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of nurses .
In conlcusion we can say that , from the standpoint of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal .
Boxing is a common , well - known and well - loved sport amongst most countries in the world however it is also punishing , dangerous and disliked to the extent that many people want it banned , possibly with good reason .
If not killed , then more likely paralysed .
More deaths would occur through boxing if it were banned .
The sport would go underground , and there would be no safety measures like gloves , a doctor , paramedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue .
With this going on , the people taking part will be dangerous , and on the streets .
Once boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it as acceptable , there will be no interest in boxing and , hopefully , less all round interest in violence , making towns and cities much safer places to live in , there will be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and less violent attacks with little or no reason .
There are all sorts of proposals , lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn , ban punches to the head , headguards worn , or make fights shorter , as most of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounds , these would all show off the boxers ' skill and tallent and still be entertaining to watch .
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be seriously hurt , he still faces serious consequences in later life . Diseases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing , even Muhamed Ali , who was infamous ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence , now has Alzheimer 's disease and can no longer do many everyday acts .
Boxers chose to box , just as racing drivers drive .
In many of the minority works of modern literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Although such a show of strength by these works ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflict upon which many stories of ethnic American literature are based .
Rather , this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be considered individually as both a product of years of struggle and a work inherently distinct from any other .
Rebellion is seen not as a distinct force in minority cultures , but rather as a binding force between all cultures , for Celie , too , resists her arranged marriage in The Color Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazz reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Water for Chocolate .
Rebellion and conflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature , but they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works than they are portrayed in other pieces of literature .
How does Voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ?
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and any occurence is for some good .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philosophy .
In Candide , the representative of this philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher employed at Thunder - der - Troncks .
The whole book is a criticism of l'optimisme .
For example , when Candide is forced to join the Bulgar army he is beaten almost to death , but Candide does not concern himself because he know it is for his own good - in fact , later in the book he uses his training to become a soldier .
Although this would seem to be good , it is not . Because of his training , he kills two men , a Jew and an Archbishop with no hesitation and then proceeds to kill his sweethearts brother .
On arrival they see starvation and death .
Candide is obviously horrified , especially when the sailor begins pillaging the city .
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer , but Pangloss can only tell him that some good will come of it .
Candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it .
This is no more true than when he arrives in the new world , South America , and has to leave his darling Cungonde with the Commissioner of the province .
Candide can not see what possible good can come of this , especially as the reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jew and Archbishop because they were Cungonde 's lovers .
Throughout the book , we begin to see how Candide is gradually lead away for l'optimisme or , perhaps more importantly , how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
The constant belief that good can come from bad is not actually inspiring but leads to a constant flow of disasters .
Candide 's life , in the book , appears to show this .
Eventually , of course , he does marry Cungonde , but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once loved .
This illustrates emphatically the folly of l'optimisme .
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cungonde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through , of course , in the end he does get Cungonde but at the price of her looks and personality .
Voltaire , in Candide , shows how the philosophy of Optimism is one of despair , not hope .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europe ; especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European Unity .
However , it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States .
When the original 13 American states resolved to form what is now the United States of America , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic entity .
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly - formed national government to operate as a single international political force .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual states as much self - government as possible while ensuring that , for example in military matters , the central government spoke for all .
It is true that today one still hears the old dispute over state sovereignty and attempts to return some power to the individual states , but no - one would challenge the fact that , on matters external to the United States , the government in Washington represents the sole policy - making body .
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries , since this would produce a formidable international military force .
However , it is equally clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing from the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , the Communities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place .
Membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminster Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do .
We are still a very long way from a Single Parliament for Western Europe with power to make political decisions for all ; and even with 1992 approaching and a single market , the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide .
Its ability to make and break any law - made by it or Europe - means that it retains full sovereignty .
The fact that Parliament does not bind itself or can not be bound by any political body means that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and Parliament consented .
Even now the channel tunnel has joined us to the continent we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world , standing alone against a hostile world .
Naturally , the problems of a single Europe would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive .
It seems to me that , for the past few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of Europe .
Britain has been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent , but throughout history , she has been more concerned with her oversees empires than with anywhere else .
In the latter half - century , though , her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe .
Because of her history of isolated sovereignty , it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe .
For instance , British law is based largely upon precedent , that is , judge made law .
We have established a system of law which dates back many centuries , and which is widely known and respected .
There is very little European influence on our law , of course . In many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will display many differences .
With the creation of a single Europe , new law will have to be accepted throughout the continent , and it will cause both confusion and conflict .
Of course , the same points will apply to the monetary system in Europe .
Will there just be one system ?
The country typically is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered .
Our individual monetary system , I suppose , could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty .
It can be said that if a single Europe was created , problems may arise over its fundamental political concepts .
Of course Britain would lose her sovereignty , as would the other nations of the union .
It has been suggested that the Single Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whereby local autonomy could be saved , but the union as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent , even if sovereignty was lost , some national personality would be preserved .
The fact is that , when united , European unity would still , in essence , be divided .
There will always be aspects of one society that the others will never accept .
Europe as a whole faces the same problems , and therefore , if a single Europe was created , uniting Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently .
If the Federalists achieved their aims in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally , so that individuality is preserved , and that all of their positive features will be known .
The problem facing the British , really results from their isolated past .
Whether this would happen awaits to be seen , and would depend completely on the terms of the union , and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
With 1992 now only a year away , the question of what a Single Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly relevant .
I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain .
This loss need not however be negative .
In fact , in political , economic and defence terms , I feel this realocation of resources can and will be very positive .
Whilst , to a certain extent , I may be guilty of having an island mentality , I would n't go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handing all control over to faceless beaurocrats in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throughout the world , a wind of change is apparent , but especially so in Europe .
This process will continue and Europe and the rest of the world will evolue with or without the participation of Britain in this process .
It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the decision - making which will eventually decide the new world order .
However , to be fully involved , sacrifices have to be made .
Such sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty .
I can see a future for some form of European rapid reaction force .
Whilst , to an extent , crippling defence costs could be cut , this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defence available .
In political terms , regardless of legislation , Britain , like the rest of Europe , is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population 's composition .
The North Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries .
I feel it is important for Britain to join fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in demography .
Politically , we are moving closer together .
Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen .
E.R.M. is already upon us , but in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful .
Whilst not pretending to fully understand this system , I do know that no system can lower interest rates , and inflation while raising growth , with the possible exception of the Magic Circle .
In the area of the single currency , again I feel this is inevitable .
What is important is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the EEC as opposed to an average - based system .
To conclude , I would say a single Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself with loss of sovereignty but gain of the European equivalent .
When the treaty of Rome was signed in 1957 , the foundation was laid for a new " continent " - a united Europe .
It was said that Europe would not be created quickly , but over several years .
When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 , after a national referendum , the debate began concerning Britains relationship with Europe .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992 , but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant .
The former Prime Minister , Margaret Thatcher was not been to lead Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of our sovereignty .
There is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved .
Businesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992 , and the single market .
Trade will be easier , with no frontier controls , allowing free flowing transportation of merchandise .
There will be business booms and free competition with the removal of protective practices , along with greater freedom to travel .
Many Britons would consider Europe has affected Britain too much already , with decimalization , the new Euro - passports and now the pound sterling being tied to the ECU .
They may feel Britain is being pulled into Europe .
This may make Britons resentful of Europe and tired of " 1992 and all that " .
A single market requires one central institution to co - ordinate all movements of goods and policies .
Many people would not .
Will the day come when the pound sterling is taken over by the ECU ?
Europe may argue that the benefits from a single integrated market would far outweigh any national drawbacks .
They must look into the future and consider possible effects .
Will Britain be drawn into Europe against its will ?
Perhaps as more of Britain becomes " Eurofied " , Britons will wake up and see their sovereignty is being taken away .
Britain has never geographically been a part of Europe .
We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from free trade .
We have been an island for too long - being independent and able to stand alone .
We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give this up .
There has been such a lot of talk about a Single Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very soon .
Now that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is , indeed : Will this mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation ?
Firstly , a positive approach .
Looking at things from an economic perspective , this is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of cost - cutting owing to doing things once , instead of twelve times , will be enormous .
Firms , because of being able to pool their resources , will be able to devote more time to research and development , and thus products will improve .
Europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
To look at things on a more individual level , every member of the new Single Europe 's standard of living should increase .
A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will , in theory , result in more knowledgeable and better - informed individuals .
Simplicity is one of the Commission 's key aims , with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand , people will be happier , get on better .
If this is so , they should also work better .
Ideally then , there should be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth .
On the other hand , will this Single Europe mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain ?
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other member states , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
Why should this matter ?
Well , Britain has quite a history and therefore a fair number of traditions .
It is possible that it could become engulfed in the new Single Europe and lose its identity .
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may then feel " lost " and that they do not really " belong " any more .
The new Single Europe may be too new and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it .
Then there is the question as to whether all this idealism really will work .
Will there be greater prosperity , better - informed , happier citizens , or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to agree on policies ?
Has it then not got quite a lot at stake , its character at least , in integrating itself into this Single Europe ?
No one would dispute that this is a difficult question .
The fact remains however that next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Single Europe .
This , as everyone is well aware , is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member state is of each other , the more successful the Single Europe will be .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way .
The European Community is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European Member States who are committed to the development of closer economic and political co - operation .
The community has an aim to break down the economic and political barriers that have traditionally divided Europe .
In particular , the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers ; movement not only of goods but of services , capital and people .
Let us look at the founding of the European Community , before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail .
There were several attempts at peaceful unification after the First World War , but only after Europe had again been devastated by war was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent .
The political and economic exhaustion of the European states called for a fresh start and a far more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe .
This fresh start came about because of three main factors .
One of the first major moves towards European integration was the creation of the European Economic Community , in 1958 .
Its membership has grown from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three .
One of the most innovative features of the European Community compared with other international bodies is that the member states have ceded to it a part of their national sovereignty and endowed it with its own sovereign powers , which it can use to adopt acts , having the force of national law .
This novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called " integration " .
All of the member states agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992 , however each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .
This is to say that none want to sacrifice their national sovereignty , many want unanimous voting , not majority voting .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question , who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity .
If a feeling of European unity develops and can be sustained , the threat will subside as a feeling of identity takes over .
On Britains roads there is an ever - increasing volume of traffic .
To remedy this , the government has started adding a fourth lane on some streches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses , with mixed reception .
The inability to cope with the ammount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic .
It has been shown that different companies charge different fares for exactly the same route !
The main disadvantage with the railways is , as the rail service and the bus service are normally owned by different companies , it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train .
If the services were integrated , there would be a bus time table which coincided with the train arrival times .
Then people would be more likely to catch the train , as they would not have to look forwards to a long walk , wait for a bos or pay for an expensive taxi ride .
To improove the rail service , trains have got to be timed to arrive and depart at key times , i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half past six .
The train and bus companies have to liase with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap , i.e. the same price as or less as it would cost to go by car .
Most large cities have managed to incourage commuters to use public transport , thus decreasing major conjestion in Rush hour periods .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in the population . If it is made cheep to commuters , clean , easy and efficient , then it could take the strain off of the overloaded British roads .
For commuters who regularly travel long distances , rail transport should be made more appealing , more comfortable and cheaper .
Motorways and other transport links are constantly being extended , widened and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle , yet it is only trying to cope with the increase in traffic , we are our own enemy !
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere , damaging the ozone layer , creating smog and forming acid rain . Tourturing the Earth we are living on .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance we find ourselfs in a 10 mile tail - back , why do we still insist that that we travel in such ameander .
This , is in my opinion , shows considerable ignorance .
The governments answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads it just to back move , they are not even attempting to treat the cause , thent more and more people are now driving .
We all feel that we have a divine right to be on the road .
Why ?
Even if we did , then , shorly so does the rest of the world .
The whole system has now formed a spiraling circle of road use .
The vital , small rail links may now be closed , whereas priviously they where subsudised to make up the loss , now the privite companies can not afford to do this , so many will close , cutting off small towns and villages .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it , and the only people to do this is the government or ourselves , If we make the effort to use public transport , it will expand into a good service ; Unfortunatly the public seam to be appethetic to this idea .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous .
Blows to the head can cause the brain to rattle about the skull , which may cause a brain clot or tumor .
Last year , the fight between Chris Eubank and Micheal Watson led to calls for boxing to be banned when Micheal Watson slipped into a coma and was in a critical condition for some months .
Many youths in low income areas see boxing as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the top and earn a lot of money on the way .
There are , however , people who regard boxing as barbaric , brutal and primitive .
These people argue that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence .
During the fight , yes , of course it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fighters have a mutual respect for each other .
All precautions are taken to ensure a safe fight .
Ambulances are also kept on stand by at big events .
Because there are so many budding young boxers , to ban boxing would be insane , since it would almost certainly go underground .
Underground fights are far more dangerous , since less protective gear is used and there usually is n't a doctor present .
Taking this into account and considering that boxing is about hurting the opponent , it can be said that boxing is a relatively safe sport .
The argument continues , but for the sake of safety in the long term , I do not think boxing will be banned .
Which is good news for the majority of the British public .
Two men , one ring , only one can leave . Dramatic it may be , but basically that is the main principal of boxing .
Although , throughout the years , rules have been made to dilute the sports sadistic side , should boxing be banned ?
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head , his brain moves vigorously inside his skull .
This causes the boxer to lose many brain cells per boxing fight and if this occurs frequently , then the boxer can end his career with brain damage .
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others , this is reason enough for the banning of boxing .
The sport , to say the least , is actually a blood sport , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out ' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank , he believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxing is an art form , he says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring to knock his opponent out , but to win on points differences and , to give Chris Eubank his just respect , most of his fights have been won on points .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference to why boxing should be banned , the tragic accident where Michael Watson was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does n't specifically go into fights to knock his opposition out ) .
This example only proves too well what a dangerous so - called ' sport ' boxing is .
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the ' spot ' safer : having rungside doctors , banning bare hand fights , but the top and bottom of the argument is that any blow to the head causes considerable damage .
There is always much speculation over the dangers of such a brutal sport as boxing .
This is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies .
A recent death in the ring has inevitably led to a public uproar on the safety of the sport , and the controvesy over whether the sport should be banned or not is yet again at the forefront of discussion .
Let us consider how a professional boxer would feel .
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much .
I have yet to hear any boxer regret his choice of career .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous , and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as  20 million ( or in Mike Tysons comeback case , $ 60 million ! ) , it is hardly surprising how important the sport can be to some .
Let us consider a ' Sky ' viewes , recently beginning a subscription to view Tysons " next Live Lights " .
This member of the public does not want the sport to be banned either .
Now , let us consider the friends or family of a boxer , who has been permanently injured ( or been killed due to a fight ) .
These individuals and others learning about the tragic incident in the media protest against the sport .
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport , would be leading the protests againt boxing .
There were 2 main objections raised against the introduction of the national lottery .
The first was the objection that the lottery would be little more than another form of taxation , in fact , none than that , a tax on the poor .
The second and main objection came from charities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the bid : other companies or consortiums promised to give more money to charity with lower running costs .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his profits to charity , but was rejected .
The British national lottery is run by non - British firms .
since its introduction , there has been more controversy over the national lottery .
When it promised to give 45 pence in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
There has also been some controversy over the allocation of money .
For example , 3 million pounds were given to Eton college , one of the richest public schools , for a gymnasium . Money was also given to the royal opera house .
It has been calculated that only 4 pence out of every pound recieved by the lottery goes to charitable causes , the rest is tax the prize fund , profits , and the so - called charities .
It has also been alleged that the jackpots are too high . Most of the lucky winners have said themselves that the jackpot had runed their life , alenating them from friends and family .
I would also remove any american buisness interests and give the charity money to a more diserving ' charity ' .
Now the lottery is in place , it would be very difficult to remove it from society .
The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time .
Computers now dominate the majority of government business , science and communication , as well as many other areas of human life .
In many ways , it has taken the place of the human brain in performing calculations and thought processes .
This has made it no longer necessary for the human to perform calculations and run through equations , and so they need not understand the principles behind them any longer .
This , unfortunately , means that the genius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator , who needs only to know which buttons to press .
This may seem an extreme view , as there is still much in the world of maths and science which a computer can not calculate , but this may not be the case centuries into the future .
Computers have been used as a means of keeping records , they have all but superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Studies exam ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe , even to create artwork and to entertain .
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the real , physical world .
Virtual reality allows people to have ' 3-D ' entertainment created for them by a computer .
Whether or not the computer is taking over from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body all but redundant .
People , businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the globe by fax machines , e - mail and the internet , and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face .
Money can be transferred instantly without even needing to move the actual money - the physical coinage does n't matter , it is the computer records that state how much each bank has ownership of .
Human beings often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that .
They cried , they cheered .
Their faces expressed joy , triumph , pride and perplexity .
Within a few weeks , the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news .
But for me , this had been the start .
Some had been executed -- I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hungary -- He had left his family and friends , his whole life , and had set out for Western Europe with little money .
However , they will have at least seen the " other side " .
Their struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain -- Without the " events of the Berlin Wall " , history probably would not have taken a very different course -- Eventually , I think that things would have turned out as they did --
However , history can not be rewritten and as things stand the Fall of the Berlin Wall actively contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Bloc -- As such , it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the Cold War and , therefore , though we may not always remember the other significant events , we will always remember the day the wall fell --
The development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every corner of the world .
I do not speak of a certain object in particular , but of technology as a whole .
This thing , technology , has been and will always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest Nemesis of our world .
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family , they have cured my grandmother of cancer , and they provide horizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine , science , engineering , and even the less overt corners of our lives .
Alone , they do not threaten us , but when they become welded with certain aspects of and certain people in our societies , they become potentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our hands .
People say that technological development has made our world much smaller ,
and I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal closets .
In schools , Geography classes rarely , if ever , exist .
Before I came to Spain , a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan .
Explaining that Spain was located across the ocean did not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world .
Our awareness of other people , other cultures , and other languages is very low on the priority list of our educators .
Until I was 15 , I was unable to study any foreign language at all , and even at that time , I had only one choice of languages- German .
Mine is not the only experience like this .
The effort of the United States has caused our minds to be heard , and a world that is growing while my country lags behind in its selfish self - satisfaction .
In many shops , the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplest of sums without the aid of their tills .
In many areas , the skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers .
Many people have had their job positions taken over by computers .
Filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer databases .
But even such menial tasks as filing are good for us .
They encourage organisational skills and tidiness .
When people talk about artificial intelligence ( AI ) , you hear many funny tales from people who are convinced that the computers are coming alive and will eventually rule us .
These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that behind every computer is a programmer .
Even ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Human brains still work out how to build the computers , how to program them and , more importantly , how to control them .
As for making the human brain redundant , computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach , test and improve our linguistic skills .
Reflexes are improved ( and this has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games , the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies ' .
We can expand our imagination and convert our ideas into computer simulated models , enabling us to design buildings and road networks .
The computer revolution has not made our brains redundant , it has opened up areas of them we never knew existed !
It is now the age of the computer .
Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one .
They are able to generate amazingly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds .
Computers have become a huge part of our lives in both the areas of work and education .
But are they such a good thing ?
When calculators came along , a drop in the ability of students for mental arithmetic was obvious and now they are used for the simplest calculations .
The computer could do the same thing .
This is very time - saving and efficient but it is causing people to forget basic ideas .
For instance , spelling is no longer as important as it was . You can simply use a " spellcheck " to correct your English , which is absurd .
For the youth of today , computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures .
This could be argued to be educational .
However , this is killing the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house .
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat screen .
It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships ' .
I find this preposterous and people are losing the ability to communicate and form relationships .
Computers can offer escape from the hum - drum routine of daily life by means of games , but they are mind - numbing and un - inventive .
There is , however , a more dangerous threat from computers , it is that they can do the work for man .
This could lead to high unemployment .
Those people who work with computers for long periods of time every day face problems .
The repetion of tapping keys all day and staring at the screen can be harmful and , not only that , it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again .
Computers may be the future , but what part will man have in this future .
There will be no need for people to go to school , as they could be taught at home , people would hardly ever talk and the only career available would be for computer programmers .
I agree that computers are helpful but people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them .
They should read books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure .
Also , in schools , I feel that work should be done mainly by hand and calculators and computers should only be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer addicts and again have normal people .
There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
These include : the erasion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - yield crops .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society .
However , many people dislike or are prejudiced against , genetic manipulation .
Partly , this is a ' Fear of the unknown ' ; something which tampers with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear .
This has been very good to feed popular culture ( the film ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious reference point ) .
There is also , however , the very real possibility that the power of genetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled , unregulated individuals who could use it for ' evil ' purposes .
This , then , is an argument against scientists bearing moral responsibility for their work .
Anything in life can be misused .
Everything in life , if misused , can have harmful effects and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception .
Certainly , we would not hold the makers of a car or kitchen - knife responsible for their misuse , and there is no reason why scientists should bear the major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to misuse .
Scientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural , part of the human condition for bettering itself .
The other fundamental flaw is assuming that individual scientists have responsibility , Science is a process of discovery rather than creation , ie .
no - one created genetic manipulation , the power of it was there to be discovered .
If one scientist does not make a discovery , then another one will .
The only argument for making scientists responsible for their work , is that quite often , and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible .
While genetic manipulation is relatively new , it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible .
Some of them are listed below :
The divisions in their family and the fight between the prince and the princes of Wales and the possibility of the divorce .
The other problem is that people say ( or think ) that they do not do anything but they are rich and also they do not pay any taxes .
Another problem is that people think that the Monarchy is abolishing in many countries and many countries are republic so the Monarchy should be abolished in this country , too .
For example , many people like the royal family or they are honest people , not like the politisions that always lay .
I think the royal family and the Monarchy is a a tradition in the UK and anywhere in the world , The UK is known by its royal family , so I do not think it should be abolished .
In the end , I think if many people want the Monarchy to be ablished a general election should be called and then we would see if the Monarchy should be abolished .
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the sperm from the father .
Normally , more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the eggs can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccesful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a succesful pregnancy .
This usually leads to multiple births ie .
twins , triplets etc .
There are people who are agains this , saying it is not natural and asking is it fair to the child having started life in a test tube , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception .
, at what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to saves hundereds of lives by vaccinating people against measles , for example .
The people who are for this can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child .
Through no fault of her own , she could have a blocked fallopian tube causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb and it is only fair in helping her to have children .
Technology has progressed quickly and , in doing so , ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind .
1 . Fertility treatment should not be given to post - menopausal women .
Last year there was a case of a post menopausal woman who , by lying about her age , was given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think this is fair or morally correct to the child , since her mother would be claiming her pension when she was at primary school and her mother would probably die while the child was in her teens .... there should be a test that is given before ( IVF ) is carried out to check the mother is not past the menopause .
2 .
Eggs should not be taken from aborted foetuses .
The foetuses will have been aborted for a reason for example : if it was the result of a rape or if it had congenital deformities .
Science has moved on dramatically since the C19th .
Many new things have been invented and many things medically have changed .
People are able to have a whole new blood supply if theirs lacks the sufficient requirements , or , a bone marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells .
All the above are carried out on living people , but nowadays biological operations can be carried out on humans which are not even born .
This is called ' in vitro fertilisation ' .
This is when an egg is removed from a woman , placed in a test tube , and then sperm is placed in to the test tube and the egg and sperm fuse together .
The test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the fetous is formed , and the baby is then inserted back in to the mother .
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopausal decides she wants a baby .
Nature has already taken its course to tell her she is too old to have any children , so why should she have one implanted into her .
It is not fair on the child , because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30 - 40 - year - old parents , its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child .
Also , the mother may die of old age before the child has led a full life and this would be unfair to the child .
The child may also have to look after the mother in her old age .
The way the sex can be chosen is by using genetics .
The X chromosome sperm is slightly heavier than the Y , so they can be separated .
If the mother wants a boy , Y sperm is selected , and if a girl , X is selected .
This may lead to an increase in one sex , and a decline in the other .
As a result , this would reduce the population as there would be less couples .
Also , what happens if most people the year you are born are men and you are a woman , this would be the unpopular sex .
Science is progressing all the time , but is it for the best ?
In cows , it is commonly know as mad cow disease and , by law , any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and not sold for meat .
The problem is , however , the signs are not shown for a long time , this being a viral disease .
The rest of the meat , however , is relatively safe and eating , e.g. , a steak offers very little chance of the disease being passed on .
However , the British press has ignored this fact and blown the situation out of proportion considering only a very small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating beef .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry , preventing the sale of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export aswell .
With global communications as good as they are now , it could send a scare across the world about British Beef - indeed , France and Germany already have restricted and in someplaces banned the sale or import of British beef for fear of it 's safety .
The so - called ' mad cow disease ' seemed to make the cows lose all sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly .
Herds where this disease was found were put down before the symptoms progressed further .
Those cows which had been put down were not used for food .
The disease infects the cow , and is then present in the spinal fluid within the spine and the brain , and as the spinal fluid is usually spilt in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of contamination of the meat was one the industry was not willing to take .
The human disease , Crentzfeld - Jacob disease , or CJD , is believed to be a human form of BSE , although no clear link has yet been established between the two .
It is unclear whether incidence of CJD is on the rise , or whether awareness of the condition is heightened , but more cases , from all ages , have been diagnosed recently , and the disease is always fatal .
The government insists , perhaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly safe to eat .
However , people are genuinely scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K. , and many are abstaining from eating beef .
Many schools have removed beef from their menus , substituting pork and chicken , and sales of beef have shown a decline .
If beef continues to fall from favour , then the beef industry 's future would be unclear .
Beef products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit gums , and of course , stock cubes .
Would all these products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients ?
Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halt , the numerous heads of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , being bred as they are , for beef , they would be useless for milk products .
Not all beef can be infected , though , and the situation has become a waiting game .
The nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority 's interests that there be no proven link .
Watch this space .
Personally , I believe that it is merely that man is better at diagnosing CJD now than ever before .
Some reports say that it can take up to 20 years to develop , so we could all already have it .
There has been a big scare in Britain recently that some beef may contain BSE ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which may lead to the human equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - Jacob disease ) .
Researchers believe that eating beef containing offal will transmit the fatal disease to humans .
Although scientists say that to contract CJD , part of the cows offal must be contained within the beef .
As you can imagine , this has had a tremendous inffluence on sales in places such as fast food restaurants , where beefburgers are the main item on the menu .
An example of one is MacDonalds , where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their beefburgers are made from 100% of the finest , pure beef and contain no offal .
An outcome like this would mean they would be sued for several thousands of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a lower beef demand in places of food production , there would be a lower need for beef cows .
This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could not be sold .
Because of this , the prices of beef would have to decrease in order to attract more customers .
So , as a result of the claim that beef containing contaminated offal may cause CJD in humans , farmers ( in particular beef farmers ) are losing out , as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the low demand .
As a result , they may have to diversify towards other areas such as crops , milking cows , etc . or even have to get a government subsidy .
I feel that the evidence that BSE causes CJD was not strong enough before the claims were released .
It has therefore caused an unnecessary , deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and beef market .
The question of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a predetermined salary based on qualifications and a person 's dedication to the task at hand .
If one has preconceived notions concerning one 's salary , one will certainly be disappointed since some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than others . "
Contribution to society " is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate " equally ' .
The stock market was experiencing a boom , and several formerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of retiring early .
But several great authors of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites ; they received money , but they contributed nearly nothing to society .
Having almost unlimited wealth changes people , both those who are born into wealth and those who earn their own money early on .
But do they have the right to live this way ?
What about people who work very hard yet they seem to be paid miserably .
A migrant work may slave away in a field all day long and make less money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a tip at lunch .
The answer to this question lies in one 's feelings about Democracry .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ) , he or she is entitled to it .
A rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary , then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
Apparently , most people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overpaid .
So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making them work harder , or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve , we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
Now a lot of women work and the ones that want to stay home do it because they want to .
A lot of what has changed women 's roles is the of feminists .
These are groups of people that have defended women over the years .
The problem is that these feminists have not looked at all women .
Some women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives , some wanted a lot more in their lives .
What happens is that all women have to go along with these feminists rules .
An example is military women wanting to serve in combat positions when at war .
Feminists argued this a lot when the Iraq war was going on .
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight .
I felt that these people were crazy .
Women just ca n't fight in a war very well .
They feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones .
Other women , though , are glad that the rule in the United States stands as it does .
Also sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suits .
Many women believe that they are the victims .
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true , but now many employers are the victims .
They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women get looked at differently .
There are some things that women can do better than men and there are some things that men can do better than women .
God would have created us all the same if this was not true .
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed .
I think that the traditional roles were a good thing , but the modernization has changed everyone 's habits .
Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into this if this is not for them .
There will be a woman in the presidency , and women running a lot more companies .
People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categories regardless of individual differences .
This tragedy is worsened by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary .
This is especially true of the Women 's Liberation Movement in America .
Some of the first radicals , Susan B. Anthony and George Sand ( although French ) were noticed and ridiculed , thus defeating their cause , because of their aggressive action .
At the same time , other feminists such as Emily Dickinson were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement .
This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists , made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wild , disgruntled zealots and was , therfore , detrimental to the good of society .
From the very beginning , the Women 's Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle .
However , I contend that the fault does not lie with the radical members of the movement , but rather , in the perception of those observing the movement .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s , it was again destined for failure .
Immediately , the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife who returned to college and made a career for herself .
Those outside the movement could only see the differences between " normality " and Women 's Lib .
This is still true twenty - five years later .
The good of their cause is undermined by the perception of the radicals .
So what am I getting at ?
Only that so - called feminists have not in and of themselves harmed the Women 's movement .
However , the popular perception of them has .
For so many years , the good that feminists have promote for women has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i.e. radical , ideas .
Like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readiliy received if the public it was being aimed at was not so jaded .
Clearly , of the inventions of this century , the one that has made the most impact on world views and lifestyle is the television .
This instrument has brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that was never before possible .
However , the invention of television also gave society an easy way to waste time ; one has only to turn it on to tune out reality .
Television has the potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers , such as educational programming for children , cultural programs about far away places , and a closer look at current events than can not be given by newspaper .
Television has the power to bring war into the home as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their own culture more fully .
However , this is not the way in which television has influenced society .
On the contrary , television has become the escape route of the masses , a way for people to flee from the conflicts they experience in their culture , rather than confront them and try to understand them .
In the minds of most Americans , television is regarded as a diversion rather than an educational tool , as free entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Television , therefore , has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of 00 years ago .
It has given society another creative vein , a look at worlds which could be seen in no other way , and an opportunity to better educate itself .
AIDS has definately had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world , because it always leads to death and there is no cure .
It has caused a lot of prejudice and paranoia among people which has torn them apart .
For example , there is more of stigma attached to being a homosexual male , not only because of their sexual preference , but they probably have AIDS , too .
This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart .
Also , when Ryan White , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion was diagnosed , the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would n't allow him to attend school .
With new discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all - time high .
This has really scared people because they may have AIDS and not even know it .
I feel this has really made people think about their actions .
In the early eighties , " casual sex " in the United States was a widely accepted idea , now it is something people really take into consideration and it rarely occurs .
Relationships seemed to be valued more than one - night stands .
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful , and with more education on this disease , I 'm sure more changes will come about .
The twentieth century has seen more wars than any other previous bloc of time .
In the second of the world wars , the race was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , and most frightening weapon our people had ever known .
In my opinion , the discovery and harness of the atom and its energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if not , perhaps , in several lifetimes .
As missile technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved , fear began to replace nationalism , and our small world erected barriers between its members .
From my experience as an American , I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with the anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities for underground , and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily , normal life .
Perhaps this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear , cold war age .
In a planet which desperately needs our focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons testing , improvement , and implementation .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations , the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of Americana ; from survival kits and basement bombshelters to an ever - circulating cheif Executive commandpost from the air .
In just the past three years , our family of nations has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other smaller symbols of freedom , and an end to oppression in many circumstances .
With this , the walls , barbed wire , and mental barriers are falling , bringing more change than our planet has seen since its genesis .
In America , the military has been reduced by several thousand troops , and the production of nuclear warheads has virtually arrived at a standstill .
Hopefully , with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn from mediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals .
With this thawing of attitudes , our frigid planet and cold neighbors may once again be a warm and friendly people .
As a natural antibiotic , penicillin was discovered to have many uses in stopping and preventing the spread of infections .
This " wonder - drug " also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured " in vitro " in a laboratory .
This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient 's survival in a hospital , but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered .
As discoveries of new antibiotics decreased , chemists began to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized and also used as medicine .
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies , and more medical chemists , and the industry increased tremendously .
It was discovered that the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologically active .
New drugs were also synthesized ; some were found to be medically useful while others were not .
A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about taking medicine .
It was now much easier to obtain antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the common cold .
Huge enterprises , such as Upjohn , were formed and grew , and universities had research teams devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes for the production of all kinds of antibiotics .
The discovery of one compound led to the increase of health of millions of people , to the discovery of more and more antibiotics , and to a booming industry comprised of research teams and large companies .
The computer has made life easier from a physical standpoint and harder from a mental standpoint .
The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily seen .
In offices , the computer is everywhere .
From word processors to spreadsheet / database programs , computers have made office work easier and faster .
Automation of factories has also eliminated many manual jobs .
Also , almost everyone has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator .
There are , of course , many other things computers are used for , but a lengthy list is not necessary as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd and 3rd - world countries ) how abundant computers are .
The mental effect of computers is two - fold .
Firstly , computers have made mathematical computations so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or why their computer works .
This has created a surplus of " needless " computations , figures , etc .
What many people do not realize is that computers make errors all the time .
Mathematical models , theories , etc .
are absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are many things people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Due to this , errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorant- for whatever reason - of many " variables " .
Secondly , computers have sometimes become more reliable than people .
A computer 's circuits do n't get tired and , if programmed 100% correctly ( another perhaps impossible computation ) , never make errors .
This supposed reliability has left many workers out of work .
The effects of this are unpredictable .
Anger , frustration , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
Clearly , there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer .
It would be practically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again .
Yet there are practical solutions .
Better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple calculator .
Also , curtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predictions or erroneous results .
The key is probably in the classroom .
( This probably would require an understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . )
The satellite dish , created in the last 0 years , has changed the meaning of telecommunication .
I 'm not certain about the date of its invention , but it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools used in society today , amongst world leaders , trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world .
Presidents and dictators alike switch on the channel to recieve first - hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civil wars .
Stocks are an integral part of their livelihood .
The entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite dish , subtitling the Information Age , with the MTV age .
The Satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for Cable TV and naval programs as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing , created by the satellite dish .
The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years , has altered the average intelligence of the human being for the better and sometimes for the worse .
The only observation which can be made , is that : It has altered people 's lives significantly .
The discovery of the Atomic energy , is undoubtedly the the most awesome as well as the most terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time .
The reason behind the fear that this energy causes is routed in its incredible power to destroy .
Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill .
Never before had one object of such small size been able to take so many lives .
For this reason , It is considered the most awe - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world .
For not only does it have the capacity to kill ,
but also the capability to supply and energize the world .
The drawback is the danger .
Although we have many other power source alternatives , we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to think that with continued nuclear use , we can escape harm .
Already as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have holes in our ozone layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world .
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would confer and aspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants .
The saddest part of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
The current situation of the world 's environment is a sad one .
It is also , however , a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece .
This is why it is imperative to act today .
It starts with you .
Write your local congressman .
An invention of the 20th century which I think has significantly changed people 's lives is the invention of the airplane .
The airplane opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing without a machine : the concept of flying .
Before the invention of the airplane , long - distance traveling was a very difficult , time - consuming task .
For this reason , people did not travel extremely long distances and missed the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own .
One could travel by boat but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of various things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather ; also as noted above , it was extremely time - consuming .
Because of the lack of long - distance travel , people often had a very ethnocentric and limited concept of the world .
I have learned a lot about my own culture just from being in Spain and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited .
I can admit that before I came to Spain I was very ignorant about other cultures .
Even though I would watch the news and read about other cultures I still did not have the opportunity to witness it first hand .
The invention of the airplane has opened many doors and one other door is international relations .
Since the invention of the airplane , the world has increased close contact between political systems , and international business endeavors .
Life with airplanes is more rapid paced .
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just three examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profound effects on modern - day life .
Another " discovery " of this past century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women .
As recently as the 1950s , it was still the most typical as well as the ideal to have the woman in the home , housekeeping and tending the children .
The first significant equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Equal Rights Amendment , which failed .
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women .
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down , so that women are seen for who they truly are .
Feminism is better described as a " discovery in progress " ; it 's a movement , an attitude that has not yet become mainstream .
Only when women have achieved equality with men , will there cease to be a need for feminism , and the discovery will have been completed .
Today , people have become aware of the importance of the environment to our future .
Also related to this topic is nuclear waste .
We are now fighting for acts to clean up our lakes and rivers .
We used to assume our natural resources were never ending .
Now , though , we realize what we use , needs to be replaced .
For example , deforestation is a very big issue , many groups have formed to plant more trees .
We also realize our fossil fuels need to be used more conservatively .
Another important topic we are all aware of is recycling .
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to their economy , it also is beneficial to their environment .
Another important issue is that of conserving energy .
In the past , once again , we assumed our energy was never ending .
Now though , people are more inclined to turn off their lights when they 're not in their rooms , to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources .
We realize that conserving energy is not just beneficial to our environment but it is also saves money .
We are no longer able to kill animals freely .
We do still raise some for food , but hunting is limited and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinction .
One realizes that animals have rights too .
In conclusion , the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one .
We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more precautions .
But we are heading in the right direction and , hopeful by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed !
I 'm able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer , so that whereas before I had a computer my desk was cluttered w/ paper and records of all sorts , I no longer need to keep these records but only to transfer them to my computer .
This means I 'm able to store more information in an organized fashion .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer 's ability , I 'm still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have .
For example , without the use of a computer I had to balance my checkbook once a month and had to do this w/ a calculator , a pen and a piece of paper .
Of course , this was very time - consuming and open to error . W/ the use of a computer , I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make .
Also , w/ the use of the Word Processor , I 'm able to edit and rearrange documents w / out altering the entire document , and furthermore , though I have yet to use the Communications program in my computer , this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful .
I 'm now here in Madrid .
But , w / out the use of computers , I would still be struggling w/ the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
W / out this luxury , the International Programs Office would inevitably be inundated w/ paperwork and things would therefore be lost or at least misplaced .
An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people 's lives is television .
TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideas , images , news , etc .
Now , if something is happening in any part of the world- from across town to all the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this event as it is happening .
While , previously , people had to wait days , or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ) , now they can see it happening , for themselves , as it is happening , this allows them to make their own , informed judgment about the event ; and if a reaction is necessary- such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it can be made immediately , while the emotions are still strong , and before the action is finalized .
In my opinion , this is one part of the process of making the world a " smaller " , more unified place , or a " global village " as one journalist has called this world of the Information Age .
Not only the news , but also entertainment , is an important practical function of television , through television entertainment , as through literature and drama , people learn different messages about life .
They can see various actions acted out to their ends , and understand the consequences of these actions , without having to perform the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves .
Unfortunately , these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making life seem like the good guy always wins , and always lives thru dangerous situations .
However , this sense of reality is not so distorted , and so hidden that people are going around acting like Superman .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in .
However , with the daybreak of the twentyth century , a storm has brewed .
This wave is the microwave .
Never before has such an invention revolutionized a science like this .
A complete break has been forged in the way food is prepared .
Technology saw the advent of the wood stove , and later , ones fueled by coal .
All these things had one thing in common : FIRE .
However , the microwave uses radiation to excite water particles in food , thus creating friction , which creates heat .
This is a prime example of thinking that does not follow in old footsteps but breaks away from convention and forges new routes .
If this were not amazing enough , the microwave cuts cooking time in half .
A mother who works , can come home , can whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she would have been slaving in the kitchen .
The microwave is excellent for re - heating , making it easier for people to make excess food to be eaten later .
Again , time is conserved -- Children are able to use this simple device without parental fear of fires starting .
For , As I have said before , there is no fire !
All these were needed to create the microwave , which is essential nowadays .
Eating is something everyone must do .
This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the fast - paced 20th century .
When I was in tenth grade , a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the radio .
A machine gun can be used to keep civil peace , enforce Marshall Law .
The radio can be used to communicate ideas and , under a dictatorship , propaganda .
In the 20th Century , the machine gun has not changed all that many lives ( except for those that it ' s killed ) , but the invention of radio has made a tremendous impact .
The idea behind the radio is simple .
In the 20th Century , radio has become a source of information and entertainment .
Radio keeps people informed .
At night , one can sit by the radio and hear how the events of the day unfolded .
Radio , hence , gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the news - making process .
Newspapers had been around for many years but it was not until the invention of radio that the power of the media became evident .
Radio gives the ability to reach many more people , instantly .
As a form of entertainment , radio and its most important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people 's lives .
Nowadays , everybody watches T.V.
My seora , for example , is over 100 years old , and for her T.V. is the greatest thing in the world .
She sits in front of it all day and it keeps her happy .
Television offers soap operas , game shows , sit - coms , sporting events , movies and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day .
In short , I don ' t know what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we see and do things .
A current ideology in the United States today is that for one to be successful , one must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society ,
everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and when one does not do this one fails .
And today , since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers , life for americans moves at a much faster pace .
With everyone moving at such a fast pace , the gaps are easy to miss , the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
The parts of the new machine that need to be oiled and regulated .
When Voltaire wrote Candide , a literary style known as Neoclassicism was at its peak .
According to l'Academie Franais , all literature of the Neoclassic period must follow the rules of propriety which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
Another standard upheld by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitude , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the time , setting and plot true to life .
Voltaire , as a Neoclassicist , knew all these regulations and followed them in his literature .
However , when writing Candide , Voltaire defied the Academie 's rules .
Candide is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked for literature to have good manners : they did not want to step on anyone 's toes by mentioning sex , violence , church , or state issues .
In Candide , Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he did not mind smashing feet !
Voltaire went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex .
Sex turned into violence when Cunegonde was being raped by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on top of her .
The wise old woman underwent the removal of a buttock by pirates , as well as experiencing rape .
When Candide visits the land of Eldorado , Voltaire shows the people 's perfect relationship to God : they only praise God because there is nothing they want from God .
Voltaire uses this perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with God in the real world .
Candide and his companions dine with 6 dethroned kings who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy .
In his portrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado , Voltaire toils the imperfections of our society .
According the Lunde , 35% of homicide victims are killed by someone they know .
Statistics from 56 are greater than Lundes ' thesis .
Frustration is the main factor most implicated in these tragedies .
Most cases are those of the " trigger puling the finger " .
Thirty years ago , minorities could n't ride a bus , vote , or go to school with white people .
The difference is , today , social prejudice is not openly expressed as it was 30 years ago .
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person .
That person would then feel obligated to do nice things back and return favors .
After living in the south for a while , they may adopt southern attitudes toward Blacks and feel prejudice toward them .
This is conformity .
The same goes for Southerners who move north .
They come to feel prejudice toward Jews .
I know someone who has lived all over the world .
He adopted white attitudes against minorities in the different regions he has lived in .
Ethnic American cultures have been reviving and trying to reestablish roots that were once lopped off to a model U.S. citizen .
The differences they are rediscovering only add more color , flavor and excitement to that brewing " pot " of our people .
However , some individuals and even groups of Americans are reacting negatively to this ethnic explosion ( seen most clearly through the arts ) .
They do n't want to accept these differences .
They choose to remain indifferent to the plights of their fellow Americans .
As Ellie Weisel , author of such books as Night says about indifference : it is the opposite of everything good .
The gamut of ethnic American literature is without bounds .
In many cases , the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different " mother tongue " .
Chinese American Literature is philisophical / literal because their native language is so .
African American literature is often melodious and rhythmic , mirroring their similar achievements in Jazzy and Blues music .
The stories told in this genre of literature , however , are likely the most important aspect of Ethnic American literature .
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States .
When we learn of the trials and hardships that they went through , we can sympethize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity .
Without learning about the past ( and present ) horrors , there is no way to ensure future humanity .
Ethnic American literature benefits U.S. citizens in many ways .
It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others .
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us .
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better .
Most of all , it gives us more common ground on which to live , and grow , and prosper .
Hopefully , we will someday fulfill Elie Weisel 's goal and end indifference ; this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country .
Different is beautiful !
Violence on television can be seen throughout the many channels that cable has to offer .
With an average national TV viewing time of 7 1/4 hours daily , the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern .
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized nations ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Violence is common in TV entertainment-- the dramas that portray stories about crime , psychotic murderers , police cases , emergency services , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
The V - chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television shows .
Some people , such as the Senate Commerce Committee , are not satisfied with it .
The Senate Commerce Committee approved bills creating a partial ban on TV violence and a so - called report card that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it .
The bills would apply to broadcasting and cable ( Stern 1 ) .
These proposals could work if Congress had some support .
The National Association of Broadcasters accused the Senate of " piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy " .
The NAB also insisted that broadcasters already have responded to concerns over violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Some television shows show violence because it appeals to adult viewers .
If a certain plot involves a murder , then the murder must happen .
Some people may not want the actual murder to be shown , but that is up to whomever is writing the television show .
Many made - for television movies say that it may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised , but how many parents actually watch television with their teenager ?
How much violence is there ?
The most violent cartoons are ' Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudd .
As for the shows containing sinister combat violence , well that is strictly up to the viewer to decide .
The infamous V - chip may stop some shows from being shown to children , but one day that child will see violence and they will have to deal with it , rationally or not .
