My town is a medium size city with eighty thousand inhabitants .
It has a high density population because its small territory .
Despite of it is an industrial city , there are many shops and department stores .
I recommend visiting the artificial lake in the certer of the city which is surrounded by a park .
Pasteries are very common and most of them offer the special dessert from the city .
There are a comercial zone along the widest street of the city where you can find all kind of establishments : banks , bars , chemists , cinemas , pet shops , restaurants , fast food restaurants , groceries , travel agencies , supermarkets and others .
Most of the shops have sales and offers at least three months of the year : January , June and August .
The quality of the products and services are quite good , because there are a huge competition , however I suggest you taking care about some fakes or cheats .
Everyone has his own plans .
People want to be a doctor , other want to be a teacher .
I have my own plan too but I do n't same to them , I want to become a Journalist .
Working as a Journalist is very exciting because many reasons .
First , I will have an opportunity to live abroad .
Second , I can travel all around the world , meet different people who are very friendly .
Next , I will have a chance appear in big parties or events and I can make friends with famous person - It 's interesting !
Finally , I will have high salary when I am Journalist .
To be Journalist , I must study very hard so I 'll try to learn in order to make my dream comes true .
In the future , I 'll become a journalist .
Now days each family has more then 1 car for each one , this is only one of few reason that people use less public transport .
Before was really convenient to go by bus or by train but with the new economy the travel tickets are more expensive and a big difference from the past is that it is less expensive to go far then near .
I remember from my town Palermo in Italy to go to Milan was about 340 pounds , now if we are lucky we can arrive to New York .
In England where I live , in Bedford , we use a lot the train to go in the most important town of UK , but the train are very expensive , me and my family stay careful if we go off pick because the price are to high .
I 'm sure in the future there will be car able to fly or you can park them in your pocket .
Furthermore , the biggest group of positive feeling students in the present is live with various nationalities .
The possible reason is these international students can not speak English flowing .
They usually lack of language and can not open a debate .
It is restrict to argue .
In the other side , they might be wanted to safeguard national image .
In order to give a good image and show the national parenting , our respondents tend to have a great pardon to other nationalities .
MORE THAN KIP FIT !
Do you know mountain biking ?
Perhaps you think it 's only a sport .
You 're wrong .
Follow reading to know why!.
I 'm keen on mountain biking since three years ago .
Firstly , I tried with a rental bike in the area of Aznalcazar .
The main reason why I wanted to prove was to lose weight ( I was a bit overweight ) .
However , it was wonderful how I could admire the landscape while I was doing sport .
Consequently , I realized that although ciclyng outside helped me to improve my fitness , really I enjoyed the best breathing pure air and taking pleasure the countryside .
If someone wants to take up this sport , first of all , I would recommended him or her to pursue a good mountain bike .
It 's important to avoid accidents , become comfortable and have a good journey .
Secondly , he or she would buy a good helmet and , of course , appropriate clothing .
I love this sport . I look forward to the weakened , to go out with my bike and my group of friends .
All of us spend a good time .
And I would like to encourage everybody to prove .
Nobody wo n't regret it .
Lucy Keyes
Lucy Keyes was the last thriller I 've seen .
I do n't recommend it to children lower than thirteen years old ,
because it 's difficult to understand ; for example , the characters are ,
Lucy , Molly , and their parents , a cowboy , and a teacher .
The movie is about Lucy 's family that moves into a farmhouse , mysterious and
scary .
Also reflects a comparison of Lucy 's family , and characters
from a story their mom read often .
The story actually takes place in a camp , and farmhouse , mysteriously
used in other times .
It 's interesting because Lucy 's mom discovered a wall in their farm , that
had a weird painting of two sisters just like her 's , the same ones also of the
story she read .
I recommend this movie only to teenagers older than thirteen years old ..
The best place for young people in our aree is without doubt the lake .
Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .
At least they can meet other folks and relax , have a sunbathe and listen to the music .
In the summer around the lake are so many concerts so you have the difficulty finding the right one .
Luckily the scouls are closed per ten weeks so the young girls and boys have much time to spend the
leisure time together .
Dear husband ,
I hope you 're fine .
I remember all of you and miss my family .
Leaving my country , Soamlia , was very hard for me .
I miss my big house but I do n't miss the guns .
I hope to return to my country and see you again .
In the following decades revolution and civil smote many of the Powers of Europe , and new nations were born .
Britain alone escaped almost unscathed from these years of unrest .
There was an unparalleled expansion of the English - Speaking Peoples both by birth and emigration .
I really like to travel , but I like the most when I travel with friends .
I a very good experience .
I love to travel with my family .
is different to tavel with friends that travel with family .
I do not travel too much with my friends .
I just have had traveled two times .
Those two times has been with the orchestra that I play .
Once we went to Zacatecas .
We went there because the university orchestra from UAZ invited us to go there and play with them .
In that time I did not know nobody , just one .
Her name is irixhi .
She was my friend , because we are from the same town .
But when I was there I began to make new friends that I never thougth I was going to have , and I never thoungth the way that I was going to know them eather . at the begining I felt very strange talking with them , but now we are very good friends .
We stayed in Zacatecas like a week we really had a good time .
The second trip that I made was to Guerrero .
We went to play to Acapulco , to an event that unuversities from Mexico go and present like cultural activities .
There was too hot .
In Acapulco I had a good time because I stay in the same room that my friends and we swam a lot and we really had fun .
Then we went to Taxco .
There we visit the central park and we stay in a very luxury hotel .
We were very happy there we really like Taxco .
Actually I was already been there before but not with my friends .
Then we went to Cacahuamilpa to play there that was an incledible experience that I will never forget .
then we return to Toluca to continue with my boring life .
And now I have to pass my subjects .
We hope to go to Colombia next year .
I like biathlon .
Really , I think it 's a very beautiful , interesting and breathtaking kind of sport .
In biathlon sportsmen need to run some races , which a very different , some of that are long , some are short .
But , short distance does n't mean it 's will be easy or something like that .
Sometimes weather conditions are not comfortable for guys , for example : wind , light frog or freeze , all of that are very difficult conditions .
So , it 's not so easy like it seems .
That 's why I like it .
This sport are for real men .
And also most of them are very attractive , big advantage for girls , whose like nice pictures .
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
That is what everyone say when we ask if they prefer public transport or car .
Using public transport can be not easy , because we have a strict time and normally we do not have a place to sit and that can be extremely desconfortable .
Sometimes the employers do strike and we clients do not known in time as a result we can not get on time to work , that is one of the disadvantages of using public transport .
One argument for not using the car is that the petrol price is very expensive , but the public transport tickets are also increasing , so that advantange are not so good actually .
For me car is the best and you ?
Well however your choice is , it is necessary to be perfect for your daily life !
However you use Have a nice trip !
People usually tell me I 'm a cinema 's enthusiast , and they are in the correct way . I prefer to spend my free time watching a good film especially when it is a thriller than doing sport ,
If you want to see a good thriller , " Regression " will be your best option . I have seen it recently and in my opinion , it should be seen by everyone because I believe people would like it for many reasons .
First of all , the director , who was Alejandro Amenábar , did a great job due to that , the spectators were waiting with bated breath as the final of this film will be .
Secondly , the actors were fantastic and the main character , which was performed by Emma Watson ( who is really hilarious ) , was amazing .
What 's more , the plot is easy in order to understand .
The history took place in the USA a few years ago when the regression method was accepted by the doctors and cientifics .
Moreover , customs , make - up and special effects became ever more in reality the story .
However , the soundtrack was awful , it did n't get having a scared .
In conclusion , my recommendation for the student film club is this fabulous and exciting thiller must be seen if you had spent a good time given than it achieves keeping in suspense until the end and it does n't be afraid .
In addition , you wo n't have better opportunity to see it than this week , because just moment in Spain the festival 's cinema is happening .
You should take advantage of that !
In my opinion , public transport in my country will never improve because my country is so poor and beside it is considered one of third world countries and another think must be taken into consideration is they the politicians are horrible they have destroyed my country
When we ask ourselves , how can we take care of the environment ?
The first thing that we think is the pollution , the car smoke , factory smoke , etc ... but , have we thought in the food or clothes ?
perhaps when we are buying in the supermarket or other shops we are doing something bad , because we ask to assistant a bag o similar to carry at home this food or other things .
We can take a bag from our house , because if we do this every time that we are going to buy in each shop , we do n't spend more piece of plastic or paper .
But we do n't have forgotten the cotamination by cars , We can use more the bicycle or public transportetion .
Also in the sort way , we should go walking to the destination.icle
If we are working with sameone in the same jobs , and who lives near or he is our neighbour , we can go to the work in the same car , this way we use less oil .
The governents are also important for taking care of the environment .
They should have healthy habits and with their examples they can improve the habits of the population .
I love sports but I did not get much opportunities to play a sport . I born in a village in India , my parents are farmers like most of other villagers .
The only play ground in our village was the school ground which was full of small rock and not good to play any sports .
When I was a child I help my father on his jobs after my school .
We bought television in 1888 , after that I became a fan of cricket .
I was watching most of the matches .
Sachin and Ganguly was my favorite cricketers , I love their batting .
A MISTAKE
It was summer holidays and Michael 's family was in the airport waiting impatiently their flight to Mexico .
That was a special family it was so big ; his father has 6 brothers ! , so he has 17 cousins counting his little sister .
In total they were 32 pelople , a white kittie and a dog .
About 10 minutes later they started to get bored , they heard a girl calling they to enter the plane .
The flight to Mexico was incredible , and very funny .
Michael used to have a great time with his cousins , except with Tom .
That was because Tom liked to give orders to everyone , and Michel did n't liked that .
When the big family get out of the plane , they realize that they were wearing too much clothes , it was boiling ! !
There they took a taxi to the hotel , and at 4 pm .
the family was walking around the luxurious hotel .
SOme minutes later they designate how the cousins were going to share the rooms .
Michael finally ended with the last one he would like to ; Tom .
That night , the dog , the kittie , Tom and Michel slept in the same room , and that was n't too bad .
When Michael get up in the morning , he realize that his kittie had disapeared , and he found Tom 's dog with some white hair in his mouth .
He thought that the dog had eaten the kittie during the night , so he shouted to Tom , open the door and went away .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
One of the best restaurants I 've ever been to is Spizharka .
It is situated in the very centre of our city and offers a wide variety of dishes and drinks .
The service is really great .
The waitresses are helpful and smiling .
You feel like you are at home !
Warm candle light and small tables with patterned table clothes create friendly atmosphere .
The dishes are n't very expensive .
i believe it is suitable for our class
So , my favourite sport in the present time it is street workout . I have been exercising this sport already long time .
I like to exercise on the street even in the season when the temperature outside below zero .
Of course , in summer I like to exercise more than in winter but this do n't stop me .
I do n't know myself why , but I almost every day go on the street in order to exercise .
If It is very coldly and windily outside , I do n't worry about it and I 'm exsercising at home .
For those people , who want to start to exercise the street workout I 'm advising to start with basic exerscises such as pull ups , push ups , dips and squats .
That everything basic exercises and they will help you will do a good start up .
After some time when you will be feeling that you are ready for more , you can start to study more difficult exercises .
So , it 's my first attempt to create English text !
I dare say what I was quite self - confident a few months ago .
But now not .
What 's the reason ?
Because of mind .
I was n't satisfied with your behavior .
Sometimes , a lot of phrases and sentences runs in my head , but how to write it down correctly ?
How can I use to use it ?
How can I force my kids to do his homework ?
How can I explain them ?
Michael is a handsome and kind person .
He lives next to his family 's home .
Michael got married his close friend since only one month .
But his mother hate his wife and always shout at her .
Unlike his wife respect and love his mother and never complain to her husband these bad situations .
Michael 's only fault that he is a mamma 's boy .
For he always defend his mother and always the wife is the responsible one .
His wife decided , because she loves him , to forgive and apologize for her mother - in - law .
One day when Michael was out for work , his mother insulted and hit his wife .
Moreover she fired her without her mobile or money .
His wife was sad and she cried a lot and she stood on street waiting for Michael .
Once he came , his mother asked him to up quickly acting that she was tired .
He saw his wife but said no words to her and continued hi way .
His wife walked behind him until they reach home but his mother claimed that his wife told her cruel words and acted that she was crying .
Michael believed his mother although he observed marks of hitting on his wife 's shape .
He fired his wife after insulting her .
She was shocked and apologized about a mistake she did not commit .
But his mother refused her apology and ordered him to close the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The light bulb .
The light bulb was created on 1879 by Thomas Alva Edison .
This was one of the everyday invents that affects our lives .
Edison said to created the first comercially practical incandescent light .
He was neither the first nor the only person trying to invent an incandescent light bulb .
Some historians claim there were 20 over inventors of incandescent lamps prior to Edison 's version but Edison is often credited with the invention because his version was able to outstrip the earlier versions because of a combination of three factors : " an effective incandescent material , a higher vacuum than others were able to achieve and a high resistance that made power distribution from a centralized source economically viable . "
( taken from www.bulbs.com )
Edison began a serious research about the incandescent light bulb on October of 1878 , and his original design were in 1879 .
Edison and his research team did his discovery comercialy and create a company called " Edison Electric Light Company " .
I think what this is the most useful invention because without this we ca n't live like we live actually .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Tom friend of Peter suddenly fainted fell down in the class room I do n't know what to do immediately , first calm down yourself and I checked his pulse beat it is okay , then I knew that he is out of danger so I called my classmates everyone rushing to the spot but still he is not moving so we decide to take him into the hospital or call the ambulance , finally we call the ambulance without ant delay .
Everyone eagerly waiting for the ambulance arrival but still not yet reached the reason is our college location is little far from the city that 's why it is getting late .
We were waiting patiently , finally the ambulance arrived and take him into the hospital immediately .
Lately I have seen a very interesting announcement in International Sports Monthly magazine .
I was interested if I could write such an article and win a prize .
And I decided to try .
Nowadays healthy way of life is very popular with most people all over the world .
And as for me I 've been going in for sport for several years .
What is my favourite kind of sport ?
It 's ordinary bodybuilding .
Why did I choose it ?
I want to be fit and have a good health .
I lost several kilos and I could wear my favourite clothes .
It became possible for me to run easily .
I 'd like to give advice to everybody not to sit at home and watch TV .
Go to sports gyms , be active and you will feel in another way .
You will forget about doctors and expensive medicine .
Sport is like drugs .
If you do n't have training for a long time your body will feel something unusual .
Your muscles will be strong and you 'll be able to fulfil any difficult job .
People will look at your figure enviously .
Describe your bedroom .
My bedroom is quite big .
The wall of my bedroom are white and the floor is dark grey .
In my bedroom there is a brown bed , a yellow drowers , a little light brown bedside table and a big brown wardrobe .
On the wall there are some pictures of my family , but I do n't nave any posters .
I am living at São Carlos , in the countryside of São Paulo , from Brazil .
In my city the environment 's protection is so difficult .
First of all , we have an extinction area of cerrado closer to Federal University of São Carlos , but sometimes , the area will be used to construct a new building of University .
We have done several movements , but sometimes is not worked .
Secondly , the Hall does n't matter with the environment ; for example , the Hall stopped with garbage 's selection collection when the new major assumeded the hall .
It demonstrate the effort was done in the last 10 years it was over because the new political position of the major .
It is so stupid because the environment need to be over then political position .
Third , we have not founded a green political to eliminate rubbish .
Instead to use a selective collection of garbage , or recycling of materials , or the sanitary landfill ; we have used the dumpfill that is prejudice the soil .
At last , the population , in majority of the times , does n't matter to throw away the garbage on the street or in a prohibited area .
In conclusion , in my city , the concern of the environment 's protection do not working how it is necessary to protection of soil , environment and healthy .
Environment is the sorrounding.there is no aleartness in our locality.they were busy in their own work.everyone were not focus or see what hapening in our place.they use to speak about how hot today is?but they do nt know what makes this much hot.iam interest in planting tree and makes sorrounding clean.some people used to burn forest as if those forest is useless.man are greedy because of all the thing getting from the forest are free .
They damcare about environment because that does n't gave anything to them .
Managemant acountant practice is very important for organization to making decision about human resources , sales , marketing and potential customers .
Most of the organizations known how is affect managemant acountant practice on them work , therefore they are chossing good programme and employee .
I have been in the USA last year , first in order to look for a job as a pharmacist but also , having a lot of time to explore a new world .
I spent about two years there , but I wanted to come back to Italy because I missed my home .
At first , I had called a travel agent but he said he could n't be able to book me a flight before two months , so I called my brother who heavily regret me for not having told him about the trip and he promised me he would have booked a flight sooner than that good for nothing agent .
I believed in him , but I did n't know how I was wrong .
He had booked me the flight but he did n't pay for it , because in that moment he had n't got cash enough on him .
The worst thing was to find it out at the airport .
I had never felt so nervous !
Environment is always a hurting problem in the world .
There are company so much , they make our life polluted .
To take care of the environment , each of us has to do anything such as propaganda to the people in the country, ... about my village , we use banana leaf stead of nilon , garbage desposal sensibly ... and so on .
we should clean our area to attract visitor and introduce to many other countries in the world.let protect our lung
Hi today i 'm gon na talk about myself .
My name is Abrar saeed Al - mubarak .
I'm 13 years old .
I live in Saudi Arabia(Riyadh ) .And i 'm in grade nine .
I have 9 sisters with me we 10 .And 9 brothers .
I really love to learn English lounge & French lounge spinach lounge .And I speak Arabic .
My dear Daniel .
Are you studing mathemathics for your exam ?
I hope you pass it with a good grade !
I just finish my lunch time , and before prepare everything to go to work I was thinking of you and I wanted to give you a small surprise with this fantastic photos , I hope you like it .
With all my love
Victoria .
Dear Sir or Madam
I would like to apply for the job that you have advertised .
I 'm a happy , energtic person who likes to work with children .
I love young children .
I have worked in many kitchens before , and I have gained a lot of experience there .
Bye
Marisa
This summer happened to me several things , I went to the beach , I went to the pool , or simply went for a walk with friends , but the best was when I went to a wedding because it was the event that more memories bring me this summer .
We got there at five o'clock , we had not yet reached many people , so take the opportunity to give the gift that was a washing machine the finished clothing to reach the store , and apparently they were in need of a new , as the bride loved .
Spent half an hour after we arrived , started coming everybody , there were many greetings , thanks , hugs , kisses , and then we all went to the table , which was magnificently structured , plenty of food of all kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting for the main course , also the food was magnificent , but the best part was when the couple went to the pool , we were lucky we had an amazing wedding planner who arranged the magnificent and fun activities , he said to the bride and groom enter each an inflatable ball and try walking on the water as long as withstand , and the bride won because the groom slipped and fell after them , out of the ball , fell into the water , and kissed .
At four in the morning , after opening the presents , everyone started to leave , it was a long day but a lot of fun , but it could have lasted a bit longer .
I usually wake up at six o'clock in the morning , then I 'll take a quick shower .
After school , I 'd like to eat fresh fruit .
I am keen to run during the night time .
IN my country peole do alot of mistake and have alot of of bad habits concerning their attitude towards the rubbish , they are always throwing their old things and rubbish in public place , the governement also can not do their role towards their people and their bad behaviour
Once upon a time , there was a monster on the city called " Michenstain " .
Michenstain was a very tiny city that was one bad thing for them ; the other bad thing was that in the city , there was a monster called " Monsteration " .
Monsteration was a very lively monster he always migrates to the north every Monday .
In the day , he was a mild monster , he was very visible ( because he was big ) ; but in the night , it was the contrary , he kill people , destroys complete cities ; he smash all the architecture from the city , and a lot of bad things .
One day , Monsteration 's next destination was the city of Michenstain .
All the people did n't know what that was , so they did n't care about it .
But when he arrived to Michenstain , all the people went : " DAHMMMMMMMMMM " .
It was in the midnight when arrived , so he was eager to destroy everything .
So all the people started to run and scream , and the monster was pursuing all of them .
He was spoiling all the crops from the people , he was destroying all the vehicles , and he destroyed a vast area .
The next day , he was a very attractive monster , in other words , he was convert in other monster body .
He was completely different ; it was impressive the way he was acting .
The thing that he ( the monster ) did n't know about was that he had a spectacular infection ( literally spectacular ) that I thing that it have no cure , it was called " The Monsteration Infectations " .
( On those times there were diverse monster , but none of them was like him ; he was in the number 1 rank of the monster in destroying things . )
The scientists are trying to make a cure for the Monsteration Infectations , but they still do n't have it .
In their laboratory , they have a lot of chemicals that were prohibited in their country , but they used them .
They had to isolate the chemicals to the formula to have the cure .
Some scientists did n't care about the infection ; they were playing ultimate team in their iPods .
The scientists that were doing the formula had a lot of tension , but finally , they did it and they said : " Magnificent " .
Well I 'd like to talk to you about my experiences like English student for many years .
I 'm 56 years old and I 'm a chemist .
I have neded to use English a lot of time during my professionals activities for that reason I have taken some English courses many years ago .
I can tell you that I fell I can understand over 90% when I 'm listening and when I 'm Reading , but my main problem with English is of course when I must speak : I fell my self horrible without confidence , I think that always I 'm thinking in Epanish and after makind the translation to English , may be in this moment when I 'm writing this composition I 'm making the same wrong . I know that learning English is a large process but I must follow that process because I 'd like to be an excellent bilingual Pearson .
Currently I 'm working like teacher at the university and to teach in English have been my gol .
I 'm a teacher in chemistry and math too .
I work too like free lance worker with the same subjects because it is necessary to increase my incons .
I 'm writing now without knowing dictionary and making this composition without traduction from Espanish ( I hope jajaja )
I 'm sure I 'll have many mistakes but I feel good because I must write and write and write I need to improve my English level . I must not fell bad if I want finally learn English very well .
I hope you can help me undesrtand more about how improve my English level and develop my skiils
Thank for you attention , and I 'll wait for your advaice , ( that is my first time writing over 50 Word )
Milton Morales
I like workout on push up bars .
it is impossible not to love doing sports activity on the fresh air .
If you want to start working out you should be ready for big load on your muscles
On Thursday , September 11 , the term exams finished and our week of vacation started .
In the afternoon I went to my dance classes .
it was fun because we learn a new hip hop dance and we finished our tap dance .
On Friday I went to the mall with my family .
I bought one sweater and two jeans .
Later I went to the book store and bought three books ; " legend " , " wonder " , and " Eleanor & Park " .
On the weekend I stay at home . I start reading " Eleanor & Park " ; it was amazing , I was laughing a lot because the things that the characters said .
The other things I do were sleeping , ate , and watch TV .
The next day I went with my friends to see a movie .
We saw " if I stay " and I loved it .
The movie is about a teenager named Mia that had a car accident with her family .
Her father and her mother died before they arrive to the hospital .
Mia survive but she is in a coma and she have to decide if she wants to live without her mother and father or if she wants to die .
Later in the week I pass the day drawing .
I draw a meadow , a little girl , and a butterfly .
The next days I did n't do much .
I just sleep and watch movies at home .
The day before I start school , I do an investigation for literature class .
This was what I did in my vacations , I did n't do a lot but I loved my vacations .
Hello Jo , my name is Mirko .
I 'm from Mramorak .
Serbia is my country where I live for 24 years .
If you like and wish to come here my best advice is to stay at home .
Maybe you can bring some money and spend it on something fun .
Best wishes .
Mirko .
As per the today topic " No Future for public transport " , I would like to add comments on that please be patient my English is not too good as you readers think .
So , lets start ,
Most of the Metro cities are now days attract people of city towards Metro only not just because of the fare but because of the time that it saves .
Now these days public would not like to travel in the public Transport to save their time as well as money .
Metro is good for even health of the people as no pollution and all because it runs on electricity and also it connect most of the city as Delhi has a wide area span of Metro that is really awesome .
Other than that public transport is also not good for Natural resources which is not good for the future of the country .
If you visit Taiwan , you will never miss the temples here .
There are so many temples here .
So , now there is a chance for you to pretend the god .
Jiu - Tian Folk Arts Group is a group of people who are good at our traditional performance , which is " imitate the faces and pose as gods " .
In here , they will teach you how to draw the face of god , dance like god , and beat the drum .
Curious ?
Just come and give it a try !
I think pay expensive tax on personal car can reduce the use of cars or other vehicles in order solve the traffic problems .
Because all people like money , for example , many people do n't buy car with expensive tax , so people must use the public transportation , such as bus , subway .
The public transportation will rich , so they can build more station for suburban and more public car to carry this .
Therefore traffic will be batter .
Dear sir / madam
I am applying for the position in the USA Summer Camps to work this year .
I am 29 years old , originally from Brazil .
I am an English student where I have been studying for five years , and recently , I passed on the FCE which is a well recognised certificate .
In 2010 I graduated in electronics engineering .
From June to September of the 2013 I worked for a tourism company , my position had involved take after of groups of people going to England , this previous experience makes me suitable for this job announced .
In addition to this , personally I am really helpful , exciting , cheerful and engaged .
I do practise sports such as football , basketball and chess , with these skills I could help children have fun while teaching them the all goods benefits in practising sports .
By applying for the job offered I am willing to work in all different sorts of job , I do not matter which , as long as I have the opportunity of being in the USA , as English is my passion .
To sum up I feel rather confident to assume this position and thank you for considering my application .
My faithfully
Alessandro Costa .
I think public transport is very important .
there is no way to travel from Egypt to the USA using a car .
a plane may take about 16 hours .
a car may take days or months for the same distance .
I really overwhelm to be third member of my small family- Peter , Maria , both of which are my parents in 45 years of the same age and my little brother , Patrick-14 year old in a mischievous manner .
Their gentle norm with lovely and adorable mind take a reference to their hobbies - reading .
Nowadays a person 's worth seems to be judge according to the social status and material possessions , that is mostly to happen in high class famiies , as they are foccus on achievements as power , political influences etc . on the other hand for a middle class families the old - fashioned values are still important as it is the inheritance from our ancestors in terms of values as honesty , kindness , loyalty , etc .
Metro is the most comfortable way of transportation in Moscow .
Metro is only one that I use in the city .
Using a ground transportation is not comfortable because of traffic .
Just a few years ago we started to use a special road line .
But the problem is Russian drivers are not getting used to keep this line free .
Moscow traffic is awful .
Everyone is in a hurry .
There is no difference if you use car or bus .
For example American public transport has a special line and a schedule and it works like a train , I mean come in exact time like a train .
That 's my dream"when I joined the faculty of languages and translation I was very happy because I achieved my dream .
In this faculty I faced some problems with my english , I began to ask " How can I improve my english ? "
all of the answer was " you have to listen and read so you can write and speak well " I said okay I have to depend on myself , I began to join groups on facebook where I found some of the people shared their knowledge with others , I followed them immediately .
I am in my way to improve my english , I ask Allah to guide me to the right way .
My dream is that I want to open a Center for Language Learning ,
to teach children and adults in my country good English and I will avoid traditional education .
the best thing that can encourage me to open this center that I have in my country 5 friends who study in the faculty of languages and translation and I think that they will be very happy for joining me in my center .
I know that is a very amazing dream but I pray Allah to give me all means to achieve my future dream .
Alex , I and my friends will go to the cinema at the weekend .
Would do you please join us ?
We will see an action movie .
If you will join , we can meet in Ambasodor mall in the city at 7 p.m.
the public transport have no future , the crisis in 2008 ; has been down the oil prices .The oil is cheap now and new cars are more efficient and the goverment give stimolous for consumers .
One day in October , Michael a boy was studying architecture discovered a box with a message , while he is opening a box , he heard a door .
In this moment a big man went into the bedroom .
This man was his father , who had dead .
Michael was very nervous and confused because he did n't understand anything .
He spoke with his father and he asked him because he was there and his father responded that he had the biggest secret about his family .
" In the past Matilde your mother killed your brother , although she had a reason , he was a monster because he killed a lot of people in our city , so we went to another city . "
But Michael did not believe this story and he thought that he was crazy .
This situation was impossible because his father had dead and in this moment he ran and he opened the door and his father said you must be here because I must speak with you more time and explain because I can speak with you but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Mrs Kate ,
I want working in our cafe .
I like a many food and drink .
I work in a coffee last year in my country . I can work long time .
Sincerely ,
Tracy
How are you ?
Today we received a shipment from Visual service center under our old account number , it could be a mistake by service center as a notice regarding major organizational restructure already sent to service centers .
In issued notice it clearly states that all defect parts should be sent to Slovakia with effect from 01/06/2015 .
If any more shipments are returned using our old TNT account number , there is no option other than invoicing service center for not following instructions .
So please advise all service centers to return defect parts to Slovakia instead of England .
Nowadays , sport is very important part our life .
Many doctors recommended the practice of sport , because it is very healthy for our body and for mind .
Every day , there are many articles and news information that talking about the benefits that you get if you practise sport .
My favourite sport is swimming because as soon as start this sport you feel better .
In spite of you do n't lost weight , you can win endurance and flexibility .
When I am stay in water I feel free and very hastily .
Not only is sport when you feel sweaty , but also you do a lot of exercise .
However , you do n't have the feeling that you are very tired , is different , at the same time is fantastic !
On the one hand , my advice that I would give to someone starting my favourite sport , swimming , is that you need a little will power because sometimes , for example in winter , you will not want to go to the gym , let alone you get in a pool !
On the other hand , my other advice is that I am very sure that you will feel wonderful and happy!May be not at first time , but sure later .
I promise you that it will be this way .
In conclusion , sport is very necessary and useful for you can improve your life .
You start and then you explain to me how are you ?
About Me
Hi my name is Christian but my friends call me chris .
I am 13 years old , my birthday is the 13 july .
I was born on friday the 13 , that 's funny .
I was adopted from south Korea .
I like to play football and floorball , I like also to be with my friends and it 's also fun to play video - games .
I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out with our sail boat .
I got 1 sister , her name is Tina , she is annoying .
She 's 9 or 10 years old I do n't really know .
I like to be in Thailand because it 's nice and warm and the people there are very nice , I also like the food . I do nt like homework but I do nt forget it , I am good to tease my little sister and I am proud of it .
I also got an cat her name is chelsea .My favorite food is fillet of beef , scallops and maybe sushi .
I see forward to friday when I am going to cinema with my friends , we 're going to see " Let 's be cops " .
My favorite is Narnia .
I do n't like Narnia , but my favorite movie is probably 22 jump street , Lord of the rings , The tv - show : suits , The walking dead and maybe south park and family guy .
I am good at floorball and not as good at football .
Sometimes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fun , I like to be out with our sail boat .
I do n't like to read but I like music , good music .
I like alot of artist and a lot of different music genres .
I like all from pop , electronic , hip hop to calm music .
I am watching a few tv - series but I watch them over the internet so I am not trying to time the clock to see a episode .
I like the restaurant we ate on when we were on a ski - vacation in Champoluc .
Hi my name is Elliot and I like tv games and lego .
I also like to speak English but I ca n't speak it at home because my little brother just says " stop talk English " when I talk English .
I know that I have not wraithen it but I have a brother .
He is 9 years old and he is really good at saying what he wants all the time .
I mean when he wants something he just said give me that .
I have two parents like the most people .
My mums name is Jenny and my dads name is Rikard and they are the best parents I know .
I do n't know so many parents but whatever .
I like books too but I ca n't read so good so I am not reading so hard books with hundreds of pages .
I read books like DIARY of a Wimpy kid or like Percy Jackson .
I like to talk English at school too but my friends do n't like when I talk it in school so I talk Swedish ther .
My fewrit lechon is the Swedish lections because that I like to write histories .
My bests friends name is Viktor and he is really fun and like him .
My family livs in a
Hi Daniel ,
How are you ? I am going to describe me so you will be able to reconize me when we meet at the train station .
I am tall , around 2 meters , black hair and blue eyes .
I will be wearing a white T - shirt and a yellow short .
I will be at the train station at 7 o'clock and I will be waiting for you at the gate number seven .
Kind Regards ,
Rafael
I would like to describe my brother Rishabh Bantwal in this letter .
He is 24 years old and he looks very similar to me .
he likes to play guitar in free time and likes to go out with friends .
Nowadays , we are in the age of internet .
A flat world is created by the internet connection .
We have our knowledge easier and we learn more easier too .
This is a power of the information technology .
The social networks such as : Facebook , Twitter , Instagram , Google plus ... are connecting us to more and more friends , companies , public figures , books , films , social organizations ... we are really have many things to see , to think , to " like " , to " comment " and a dozen of stuffs that we can make an action to interactive with others ... so may it is true that we have less time to think about ourselves , to take care our healthy .
They help us to communication to the world and we have only twenty hours a day . We know more things and we loss more time for many interesting others .
But it just happen in the information technology and related fields such as : , communication , ...
On another hand , we still have many other technologies to create many useful machines , on - side services to help our life is better and better day by day .
Transportation help us going abroad more quickly , even come to the space by a tour .
It is amazing for you if you have enough money to pay for that tour .
We feel more happy , comfortable and refresh after something like that .
Biography technology gives us more food .
Chemistry gives us more tablets .
Yes , we are solving many trouble with our technology for our feeling , our healthy and our finance too .
You can join to any stock market on over the world to buy some Google stocks and sell some Facebook stock too and earn some money .
You take the world on your hands with technology to help your life better and better actually but It is not full that it will good , let keep it with your needs , your time and your money too .
How can I help the environment ?
How can a group of friends help the environment ?
This year me and my friends are going to help Parque Corgo from the recent forest fire .
We are worried that if the trees do n't get planed soon they will never grow up again .
That is the reason why we are going to plant there 1000 trees .
Egypt have more historical places such as pyramids is the one of empirical in the world and more people from around the wold come to see this pyramids the wold think how Egyptian people make this building from may be thousand year and still stand without change and more tourist come to take photo in the pyramids and study the stone and how the old Egyptian make this one without modern tools such as cranes and other modern machine more scientific teams come from all the world to study this building and make Egyptian science in more universities around the world to study how the air going inside this building and how it keep the food inside it and how this big stone takes out from far places and come for this place and how this building keep the body of the people after died and how this people leave inside the building and why this building like this and what the benefit of this building and how to make kike this building
Public transport have improved the regional development since the past decade , it 's convenient and necessary for a city life .
But when it comes to travel , it 'll be more convenient if you have a car , because you will not like to go where everybody goes .
If you have a car , you can go anywhere you want and stop by any beautiful spot you like .
It 's more flexible for your travel plan .
And , it 's really enough development in our planet , it would be better if we can leave some place blanked , we do n't need so much convenient transportation , and we can still live well .
Save some nature to the earth , and leave clear air for our kids .
Build public transport in a city , not in a country .
My favorite sport game is Cricket .
It is very important and very enjoyable game .
Today cricket is very famous game in the world .
Among them cricket is very famous in Sri Lanka .
We could go to in the world from cricket .
It is very great .
Today we have clever cricketers and famous amperes than other countries .
It is very valuable .
Australia , England , South Africa and New Zealand are very famous country for cricket game .
But those countries are very developed and they have any facilities .
But Sri Lanka is developing country yet .
They have no facilities than other countries .
But Sri Lanka cricket team could won the World cup 2014 .
It is very important opportunities in our countries .
So as I think I can enjoy in cricket than other games .
You can start the cricket game .
And you can earn more money and you can go to other countries .
Today we have lots of sports games .
Volley ball , Net ball , Elle , Table tennis , Karate , etc .
But it is not famous and we could n't go to in the world .
But cricket is very famous and we know any cricketers .
We can be a famous and earn more money .
Cricket is good for our health than other games .
In my opinion cricket is best for you . You can be a good cricketer .
You do not what to do ?
Are you a tourist ?
Are you lost in the city without knowing what to do ?
If I am right continou reading this .
We have a lot of shopping facilities , it is the good thing about living in a big city like Madrid , because we have a lot of different shops since clothes shops , pets shops , food shops , shoes shops , accessories shops , toys shops , presents shops and much more types of shops that know I can not remember , but you can find almost all you want or you need it is not incredible ?
But for some of them you have to search very well because some of the shops are unique and some other are very good hidden , but for that you have specialized transports that will take you to wherever you want or you need to go
Hi ,
You wo n't believe what I did last month !
I worked at the backstage of rock concert !
It was such a great experience for me .
I applied in one music club in our city and I was really excited when they repplied and asked me to help because I enjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curious about how the backstage is working .
What was mny job ?
Mostly I helped others an carried the stuff .
I enjoyed working with a soundmaster so far .
It was quite stressful but at the end of the concert the atmosphere was amazing .
People were singing and shouting - they all seem to be really happy .
I hope I will do that again once .
See you arrond
Steve
Hi Jo ,
It 's really nice that you are asking me about it .
Poland is really beautiful and you choose it wisely .
I suggest that you can start your trip from Warsaw .
It 's heart of Poland and you will learn everything about work , education and people from here .
Every big city in Poland is very similar to each other .
If you want to relax you can also go to mountains or sea .
Even there you can meet really nice people and talk with them .
But let 's talk about work there .
We appreciate kind and hard working people .
But you ca n't expect that they are going to pay you a lot of money .
Rate is pretty low .
But there is a chance that you can meet generous people .
Take care
Ola
Hi Paty .
I 'm going to tell you about me .
My name is Agustina López I was born in 1999 on 12th April .
I 'm fifteen years old .
Last year I celebrated my fifteen party and I loved it very much , ( I want to celebrate it again )
This year is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm going to celebrate in my home , with my familiy anda some friends .
I love to do many things like sleeping , going dancing with my friends , going to the beach , cinema , shopping center , running and I love the fashion very much like the shoes , make up , bags and clothes .
This summer was the best I went to cuchilla alta with my best friends their name are : Emilia , Agustina , Micaela anda Lucía .
I have a great time with them .
I also went to piriapolis with my family and all the days .
I went to the beach , we loved .
I like English because it is very important to know other langeuge to communicate with other people and ir I go to another country it is very inportan to know English .
I think that it it very interesting and I like it
Dear pen friend ,
Hello , how are you ?
I hope you are fine when you read this letter .
I am very well and everything is all right .
Well , I write to tell about my last summer .
I had a really nice experience working in a cinema . I would n't have done it unless my friend Lucy who encouraged me .
The staff is really interesting and helped me all the time and the customers were gentle all time .
I learnt lots of things such as dealing with money and tickets and watch movies freely .
We got work at four in the afternoon and it is very relaxing . I had a day off that I spent time at home or going to the gym , where I met hansome guys .
This summer was really great .
I recommend you to try this kind of job in case you want to earn extra money and also meet new people .
Lots of kisses and hugs , please write soon
Love
Giselle
In this essay I would like to highlight how a wide range of public transport can help people to save a bit of money and a lot of stressful hours stuck in the traffic jam .
Firstly as everybody know the cost of the fuel is increasing more and more , adding to those the bill that own a car will bring , it became immediately clear that it is cheaper go around by public transport .
Why then there still be so many people who prefer to drive their own car instead of seat comfortably on the train or on the tube reading their favorite book on their way to work ?
I would say that this is because the public transport are not so efficient as the should do .
In my town for example , I have been Waiting for up to forty minutes before I could take a bus .
I strongly believe that it is a shame because a lot of people like me would live their vehicles at home and take a train instead .
Secondly , the environment would improve its state indeed , as far as I can see the pollution caused by the traffic is ruining monuments and making the air dirty and heavy , the same is as far as waste of time is concerned , obviously the fewer cars are around the quicker you can get where you want .
In conclusion I would really like that politicians who care about public transport will improve the services so that more people could leave their vehicles at home and move around much more easily .
The problem is that if everyone thinks that traveling by car is convenient , absolutely everyone will go everywhere by car , and the roads will become chockablock .
You see man , I do n't like crowded roads , a nd prefere to travel by tram .
It is cheap and eloquence .
I play basketball on weekends since I am little .
I also like to play baseball , too .
I can play basketball and baseball like no tomorrow .
I usually play baseball with a group of my friends .
I play with them on the playground .
I ca n't image the life without sports .
In the today society .
The most people are travelling by their car , because the public transport was not convenient for people to use .
Maybe , in fact the lands are more big , so that the transport had not published to anywhere .
The general transport constructions can divided three levels .
On the lands , the railroad and highway is the go through the most city roads .
In the sea , include the route and port construction .
In the sky , include airplane flights and airport construction .
The transport construction and economic development has a close relationship , and utilized of land are more important .
The development of the railroad and highway are easy to pulished , but construc of seaport and airport must with congenital condition .
When integrate of the economy and land planning are accomplished , the public transport constrcutions are convenient for people to use .
I am going to write about how live is going to change in the next 50 years .
Although we do n't realised we have to be conscious
that every day is a different day if we compare with the one has passed .
Some years ago we did n't use the technology to get in touch with friends and family but nowadays it 's the most important thing for
some people who they ca n't live without it .
I am speaking about the mobile how it changed our life .
It 's normal
that in the next 50 years it is going to change .
It will be more advantages in general and it will give us a lot of good things but maybe some bad things too .
To sum up , although we do n't want that our life changed it is normal that it will have different changes .
It is necessary for our lives to have or to feel that we are getting better .
My favourite sport is chess because it is the only game for our mind .
It also helps us in studies .
I agree that it 's not physical exercise but a mental one .
There are many physical exercises like swimming but name any game except chess that makes our mind sharp .
I like many other games but the best one is this .
I am not saying that we should always play chess as physical activities are also important .
The reason why I would advise someone this sport is that the children who are not interested in there studies or would not be able to study .
In that case chess would help him .It would make child mind sharp and he would not get distract by the surroundings .
Local transportation is one of the most problem in our area .
The local transportation become difficult and expensive .
so the government must take an action to make it easy .
Public media also must educate people the importance of Local translation and how they preserve it .
The Government must save the gasoline and jazz to resolve the problem .
they must find a solution to this difficult problem .
They must maintain roads .
People also have an important role to solve this problem .
They should reserve the energy by using bus instead of using their own cars .
They also can walk or ride a cycle .
Government must maintain the public transportation and make it safe .
We can solve this problem if we want that .
I have thought that writing an article on my favourite sport would be interesting for the readers , above all , and making no differences on the sport you have chosen , it is paramount practising some sport , whatever you choose , such as spinning , that is my favourite sport .
My piece of advice to take up a hobby , in this case a physical hobby , which is interesting for your health .
I rather enjoy spinning , feeling the rhythmn of the music lowder and lowder , this gives me high energy each time I went spinning .
If you want to start practising some sport , first of all think about how much time you are willing to spend on it , then try once and if you are having a good time go ahead and do the most of your time enjoying sport , nevertheless , be careful and go slowly because you might be injured .
the more sport you practise the better you feel , indeed , your mood would not be blue anymore and your body will be thin and gorgeous .
First of all , my opinion is that there is a future for the public transport systems .
If we take a look on the Swiss public transport system , in the bigger cities almost all people go to work by public transport .
The advantage they get is the following : They dont't have to look for parking possibilities , they can leave the bus or the train and a few minutes after they can begin to work .
These people also help to protect the environment by saving our natural resources like petrol .
To conclure , in bigger cities like Bern or Zurich there are no doubts that the public transport system would be less convenient than travelling by car .
The process how to make the notes for the bank can be outlined in six consecutive steps .
First , the bank notes should be considerated how to design included background colour , artwork and security issues .
Then , they are supposed to prepare a skiled machinists .
Subsequently , the sheets of bank notes are printed on the metal plates .
The notes have special link with colour on both sides , which raised images slightly .
The most important step is inspect the notes which are good quality sheets and which are bad sheets .
If the sheets are good , those sheets are then cut into separately and packed into cars in order to dispatach all over the city .
If the sheets are bad , those sheets are then destroyed through burning .
Sport is very important part of a healthy lifestyle .
It keeps our body strong .
Today we have a lot of different sports , so we can choose something that really fits ourselves .
I enjoy running .
It is a kind of thing that everybody can do and it effects all parts of my body .
I literally feel myself stronger after every time I run .
There is no doubt that traffic adds to pollution .
The public transport offers a possible solution for the problem , because much people can transported in one vehicle .
The government has a responsibility to encourage the public to use buses and the underground more .
However , there are a number of changes that need to be considered .
Firstly , public transport should be made free .
The government should raise taxes for pay for the service .
Cars are generally more expensive .
First , I think the public transport is more expensive .
And if we compare the money you spend with the car and the amount that you spend with the public transport , it is less .
Secondly , if you use the car , you haven't wait much time ti catch the bus or the train , and maybe you can arrive later at your job , for this situation .
I believe that use your car has a lot of advantages or benefits , it is more comfartable and less expensive .
last summer i worked at cinema.i think it is a very good job because you can see any films you like for free .
The minus of this work is very big salary and i think that i will work at this cinema on the next summer .
My favourite sport is doing yoga .
I do yoga to aid relaxation .
Yoga calms und vitalizes body and mind .
I do yoga at least one hour every day .
From Monday to Friday I do it at home , at weekends I attend yoga classes .
Yoga is a very convenient sport .
We can do it at any time as we like .
But if you are beginner , it 's better for you to attend regular yoga classes .
You can learn correct Postures in classes .
After doing it skillfully , you can do it at home or any place .
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years , Equipment and tools have evolved since the beginning of human history .
In recent decades , however , developments have been particularly groundbreaking , Man has been able to invent machines , which they have been put to work automation is a great help to mankind , because it significantly increases the standard of living and frees people form hard work .
The result is much less work and a better life .
The disadvantage , however , is that because of the machines many people have lost their jobs
Dear Jo
I read your letter , I would like to know some details about what places do you want to visit .
I advise you to visit Queretaro it has had an excellent service with foreign people since five years ago .
Talking about your new job , I was searching some vacancies however it required a job for full - time , so I am going to continue searching some jobs of part - time .
See you when you arrive at Mexico City
Sincerely
Uriel
Nowadays people get around constantly .
It 's better use public transport or private transport ?
Well , ecologists say that get around using transport public is more beneficial for the environment than using the car or motorbike .
In recent years the numbers of people who use public transport has increased a lot , in comparison with ten years ago .
But actually does it has a future ?
It 's more comfortable , faster and preferable than have to run to take the bus , wait the train , etc .
This is a fact which indicates the public transport there is no future in our society .
Other signals are , for example , if you travel by car , you can park the car in front of the place where you want to go .
But if you take the bus , you have to take down in a bus stop , maybe a bit far from where you want to go .
Also it has to say that maybe in the future , technology will create a car that does n't pollute the air , and then , use public transport wo n't be necessary .
yeah i think it 's statement is quite right because every person have car now a days .
transport are are important but car is more reliable for families they went together without waiting for transport .
more flexible with a lot fun with family .
I live in a city named Tangerang it is in Indonesia .
The Indonesia Government itself does n't seem to give a damn about their country 's cleanliness , and the citizen too .
it caused our river some big problems such as disease , unpleasant smell , flood , etc .
i myself , by seeing the river filled with garbage , always seems to be disgusted by the stench and the unpleasant look from the garbage .
And in Tangerang , the air is polluted by Carbon dioxide and the other materials .
And also , after the river , the road in the city is also contaminated by the garbage .
garbage everywhere .
the condition of my country is really critical , I guess .
And the amount of the city 's garden does n't match the amount of the population and pollution in that city .
There are a lot of high - rise building and it provokes flood along the high - rise building 's section .
I wonder if the citizen in my country and town could make a better environment area by throwing garbage on its place and try using an eco - friendly transportation .
And the government , pls do n't be so flabby with your own citizen .
yes , be strict .
I think it 's okay because the purpose of you doing that is to train the citizen to be more responsible for what they did . and , I think it 's enough from me .
I suppose , the government also have studied this situation too .
But they did n't do that much after knowing this truth .
I hope Indonesian government take an action about this situation because if it continues then Indonesia would be the most unclean country over the other countries .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She looked like happy and she was looking forward to finishing the class to tell her friend what had happened .
After the class Alison joined her friends .
She was very enthusiastic and telling them that Juan , the boy who she was fallen in love , had written a letter for her .
Then the friends could not left to pay attention in the Alison 's words .
She transcribed the letter with a lot of passion because it was evident that Juan was interested in Alison too .
While all girls was hearding to Alison , Juan appeared as a gosh .
Alison was like tomato and all her friends laughed at her .
The boy felt very embarrassed , therefore he carried on his ways and he did not say nothing to her .
Alison always through : " If I would not have told this story to my friends I had passed all evening with Juan "
I think that for the public transport there is a future , because over time the gasoline prices and the value of the reparations of the vehicles increase .
Like in other things the prices increase , from the aliments to clothes and home supplies , gas , water , eletricity .. Then the people will choose the public transport in the future .
My relaxing activity
Swimming has been always my favourite sport .
I used to go to the swimming pool when I was in the school to learn and it became in my favourite activity when I was really tired .
I was with my sister and my friends and I spent a wonderful moment .
Nowadays , I usually go swimming twice a week and I really enjoy swimming because I can chill out and disconnect my mind .
Moreover , it is said to be healthy in order to improve problems in the back so that going swimming is really beneficial for me .
In recent days I found out a gadget to listen to music while I am swimming and it is marvellous because I also love listening to music .
To begginers in this sport I would recommend that a trainer teaches swimming properly because it is very important to pay attention to the position of the arms .
Furthermore , it is necessary to wear glasses .
Swimming is one of the best sport to practise it is due to require all parts of the body .
For this reason , it is a perfect activity to do sport and enjoy .
There are lots of problems in our life .
For example : Transport .
There are lots of kinds of Transportation as Buses , cars , Subways , Trains or taixs .
May be they are comfortable , teribble , essay , dengerous or avrage .
If you are late , you can use subway because it is faster , safer and cheeper .
Cars and buses become dengerous and make Problem in the street .
My view of eating habits .
Why does our brain think about food every day ?
Why have you fridge in every single home ?
Why ..... ?
Every day people thinking about fresh food , fast food , sweet food and many different types of food , why ?
Are you thinking that emotional eating is your bad habits ?
How often do you open your fridge ?
How many times are you going to shop for some snacks ?
What happened with us .....
I remembered that my childhood was very quite , happy around dinner at grandmother 's house .
Really , I told you that I was like a little bit future girl who has dinner regularly with two portion : soup and meal deal .
So we can started from beginning : firstly , was breakfast which included some cereals with hot milk .
Secondly , was lunch at school like sandwich and some fruit .
After I was in home on dinner time and some dessert .
Could you see how easy and regular life I have got .
My " private menu " included fresh eat like salad , fish , fruit and vegetables - many options healthy food .
Now , I am 28 year old woman who does n't has time for normally dinner because I 'm a very busy .
Today , I wake up at 07.00a.m and catch up some of kind bread with jam , drinks a coffee but more than often just has time for half mug and runs to work .
During a day I have lunch which is from can or order some junky food .
Later , I order take away from Chinese buffet or any pizza .
When weekend coming I have a plan for special dinner which is like home made but do n't have time again .
What happened with my healthy life which I want to have when I was a child ?
Why everything look like more difficult and hard than were before ?
Where is our free time and what are you doing with your lifestyle ?
Ten years showed me that I can do everything for myself if it is enough for me ....
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She went to the station train and get a ticket to London .
she stayed there and read again the note the address was near to the big ben .
When the train came she smiled and goes up and sit .
She turned her haid and saw him " he was fowling me " she thought"well , I should ask him what are he doing here "
" What are you doing here " ask Alison he looks her but with a bad smile , and turn his head
First of all , finishing high school is a passege of life that indicate the begnin of a new chapter for the students .
Since this moment they will have maturity and responsibility .
Therefore , many of them are not ready for this .
So , a lot of parents and students have the opportunity to travel for a year .
When you are travelling around the world by yourself , you won a bagage of knowledge , culture , discorves and , with all of this , you won personal experencie .
Sometimes , these is able to change a person , making that she or he have a new perception of the world .
However , some students do n't have this opportunity to travel , they start to work .
The job , provides , as well the trip , responsibility and experencie .
It changes in a different way the person too .
The consequences are n't good as the reasons , for instance , they may have the career prejudicate , or they spend so many years travelling that they are old to study in a uniersity .
Beside that , they have differents points of view in many sublects , that is why they may don ' like the fun and the conversation in the social life with the other students .
They can not enjoyed this chapter with oung and fresh thoughts .
Finally , to make a decision to not go in a university when you finish the high school , is n't the easiest action to make .
It is a great dedcision , that bring great consequences and great experencies .
Whatever are the choice , they will have the mark in their lifes forever .
Be careful and choice it well .
Public transport is the backbone of a city .
Usually people use public transport to travel around the city .
If in a city people are using more public transport than their own private vehicle then it will help to protect environment and traffic as well .
But now a days automobile companies are more focused on the improvements of the cars so that the can be more environment friendly and traffic friendly .
Future of public transport will be measure on the basis of advancement of the private vehicle .
Sometime people get offended because of the crowd and the inconvenience caused by some people while using public transport .
But main concern will be technology .
Technology is being more advanced .
A car is being made so Eco friendly and user friendly that it is more
Many people said that at school all the students have to start a sport and frequent that one regularly .
Is not a good idea because some students have to study all the afternoon for other subjects and the free time is very scant .
AAs an example if a student need to recuperate a subject or have to take a good mark , they ca n't go to do a sport because there is no time .
In contrast do a sport is very important because we can make new friends or we can start to take responsibility but the most important thing is that we are always active e our body can get good results .
To sum up , do sports is very important for teenagers to which the body is going to grow and do it regularly is commitment that we should take . in my opinion , however , do a sport mandatory is not educational because we must do a sport with enthusiasm not bothered or for obligation
Dear Sir ,
I 'm writing in regard to the watch Fossil FS4735 , similar to FS4812 but with different colours .
I 've seen it a couple of days ago and I was going to buy it , but it has disappeared from your
products list ( I suppose it has been depleted ) .
However , I wonder if you cold tell me when it
would be available again .
Thank in advice for your information .
Yours faithfully
In my opinion , they are not my friend . If your parents are your friends , you would live in harmony with them .
They will consider you as a indpendent people .
Accrodingly , You take responsibitity for what you done .
However , they are not my friends .
There are some reasons , they are not , are as follows .
First of all , I make my every effort to do my job better , however , they only consider that I waste my time doing wrong thing .
Next , they do n't believe my capability is good .
I do everything but nothing .
Finally , they totally do n't listen to what my point is .
They always look at me like a kid never grow up .
It is ridiculous that my parents do n't believe ability .
I am ovewholemed with grief , living with them .
I can not tolerate their pride and prejudice anymore .
I prefer staying alone to living with them .
People often discuss if TV viewing is useful for the education .
In my opinion to watch TV is actually helpful for learning new things .
There is one argument that shows , that the TV promotes us .
The main reason for this is , that the TV is teaching us , because it is an important medium in our lives .
A good example of this are the many informative news , which we are allowed to get .
This clearly shows that the TV is lecturing .
To sum up , TV viewing is not just entertaining at all ; It definitely is also educating .
Many people argue about the use of TV .
Some of them believe that it can only entertain us while others do believe that it can also educate .
However , I think that TV can do both .
I bet if somebody wants to have some fun he or she can just choose the right Chanel or movie such as comedies , video gags or funny TV shows .
Meanwhile if an individual wants to learn from TV .
TV provides lots of cognitive programs like cooking , taking care of pets , how to eat as well .
For me , I do prefer reality shows that help people how to deal with problems .
football is the most favourite sport in the World .
Was founded by talented athlete in The UK in early 1900.The Sport was becoming very famous since first World Cup was held in Uruguay until the present .
I really enjoy watching and playing football since I was a kid .
There are several reasons of why people really enjoyed soccer so mush .
Nothing is permanent in this world , I 've knew these words from the mouth of my parents and until now it is in my heart that help me to deal with this kind of life .
Sometimes your happy and sometimes you are sad , nor you are success or you are failed , that is the wheel of the life we are taking .
Life is changing very fast as the days on the calendar is going , the flow of life continuously revolving with the world every person have .
Nobody can tell how , when , where and what will happen in the next 50 years of our life .
It depends on how you deal with what you have at the present to be prepared for the forthcoming changes in the future .
There are a lot of factors that could greatly affect on what you will be in the coming 50 years of your life .
But the most vital part for these changes is yourself .
Everybody has the right one for a change but it should be for the betterment and not for the worse .
With the simultaneous growing inventions of technologies , way of living go through with it .
A complicated ways from before , advance technologies made it easy and simple now , what else more could we expect next .
The digital age has been a big problem for musical industry because the news technologies and internet had helped more the musical piracy .
The people already do not buy a CD , simply downloads it
" Piracy is destroying the music industry " as it is a violation of copyright .
It is a shame that a person is working during many moths for after the people want enjoying his work without having to pay , it is literally to steal .
It is like you design a chair and the people to take without paying .
The singers have to adapt and be able to survive piracy , now most their income are the concerts and digital platform like Spotify .
I think that people should be more responsible and respect the work of others so that society evolves in a healthy way and without conflicts .
Today , many people , groups or social movements are disagree with different and mainly aspects of our dominant culture ; for example , the marriage or the age for married , the role of women in the family , the religions , the education and new ways of family and many values .
This perspective of life is inspired by contracultural movements and some people call to these people as " alternative " , but it is each day more common and it let a inclusive and diverse society .
The culture is changing in this way , maybe it can be wonderful for the human freedom .
CHANGES IN COLOMBIAN CULTURE
Eating habit in my country really has changeged in the last ten years .
it 's r is n't clear complety , but I sopuse it depends on chenging habit of life in developing process of our sosiety .
At first and important change is about eating prepared food that is n't healthy usually , its reason probably woman 's life stile that is going to big change in the way that they do n't like staying at home and spend their time to making food , now they prefer to buy prepared good .
The other matter is about our habit to eating food together with our family that were a custom in humanity life not just in our culture , but now because of hard and busy life , we had to eat our meal mostly days of a week .
Now , we forget big dinner table that are fulled with family members .
But a good change of our habit is attention to calery food and healthy food because of get information on internet and another media that are accessible way for all people easily these days .
Tottaly l think changing is ignorable but we can control it to make our life better , specially about food that is most important aspect of ourlife but we do n't pay attention to it enough .
I am a programmer who wants to write about programming languages and skills .
The truth of matter is I think I 'm full of ideas but unfortunately I ca n't describe my knowledge and experiences in English .
However I can write these ideas in my own native language and that 's why I 'm thinking that one day I should be able to write those ideas in English as well .
Dear Sophie , I have just come back from a really exciting few days with my cousin .
That was the best place I had ever been .
we went to New York for four days .
On Thursday , we arrived at 12.15 .
While I was at the bathroom , me cousin was smoking .
When I went back , a policeman asked him not to smoke , so he was angry during the whole flight .
On Friday , we went on an incredible sightseeing but the guide told me not to take pictures because I had to buy them .
On Saturday night , we went to a formal restaurant to eat pasta .
Finally , we departed at 18.45 pm .
I think I will go back next year .
It was a well planned for a holiday .
Michael , together with his two friends , Adam and John decided take a vacation at Pulau Langkawi , Kedah , Malaysia .
They search for tickets flight , rental car , and hotel .
They were too excited and can not wait to go there .
About one month before departure , they search over the internet the places that might get interested in their mind .
There are Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tomb , small islands , Duck tour , beaches , shopping centre and the most exciting is to buy chocolates .
One day before going , Michael suddenly having a problem .
He needs to follow his family to the town .
With all his hurt heart , he told his two friends about the matter .
Adam and John was very angry .
They said , they already planned and Michael happily ruined the vacation .
They need to think again about the budget and all of the stuff .
Michael can not stand anymore , he scolded his friends and saying something that anyone do not want to hear .
His mother heard what had happened .
She try to have a slow talk with her son at his room .
She said , money can make everyone hurt if it is not settle down very well .
After all the wise advises , his mother kissed him on his forehead .
Michael try to think again wisely .
He accompany his mother at the end of his room 's door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
He called back his friends and manage to settle down all the mess up .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately but he forget what he had to do after thinkig he rememebred that he had to visit his grandmother as she was ill and his mother told him that his grandmother wanted to see her doctor and wanted him to take her by his car as adoctor 's clinic far from her house peter decided to go and he drove his car to his grandmother 's house in the next street after he arrived , he saw his grandmother was waiting for him on the front of the street he apologized to her and asked her to come to the car , " never mind " she told and ride the car beside him .
Peter drove his car to the doctor 's clinic and after half an hour he arrived and he and his grandmother go above through the stairs to reach the doctor 's clinic after they arrived they found that they have to stay aperiod of time to take his turn they waited and then their turn came .they entered the doctor and the doctor was very kind he welcomed them and after check peter 's grandmother .
she was very fine
There is a man who is most important for one 's life .
I am not different from that.there is a back stairs influence in my life he is none but my father .
I respect him so much and admire also .
He is my best friend who never hurts me .
He always helps me by giving good advance .
He is an ideal farmer who never and even tells a lie .
His means of livelihood is the simplest .
He always honors the oldest and taught us of avoiding tells a lie.so far as I remember one day he was advising me suddenly a old man entered the conversation and told a foolish speech .
Nevertheless my father did n't tell him arrogantly but he made him know the right thing politely .
he is a fluent speaker .
that 's why I admire him .
Everyone make mistakes , No one say I have not made any mistake in my life .
I have made many mistake I guess .
But is that big problem in our life or small problem or it really does not matter ?
Or do you really regretted what have you done ?
Travelling by car plays an important role in our life .
There are a lot of private transport in the streets .
However travelling by bus or tram never get away from our daily routine . Travelling by bus is not such convenient as getting a car , but you would never know what can happen with your car , where it will stuck or some of other accedient will happen .
Public transport has a timetable .
This fact gives government such opportunity as manage the traffic on the roads , cities or towns streets .
Private transport give us traffic jams , a lot of accidents and stressful situations .
We are getting nervous because we are responsible not only for our life but other people , too .
And also we have to understand that use public transport is cheaper than use a car .
The other side of the problem is ecology .
Why do we think that only convenience can be the main point of using a car ?
What can we say about our ecological consciousness ?
Let 's take a bicycle travelling to our school or job instead of using any public or private transport .
Transport is more important for our life .
Public transport is becoming no future because of travelling by car is more convenient .
Public transport are not suitable for luggage 's .
Travell plan need to depend on public transport time .
It is more fun when we travelling by car .
We can play music or talk anything while we travel in the car
Public transport is more boring .
If there is no Public transport in some area , then we need to hire taxi .
So If we have our car , it is much easier than using transport .
Dear Jo ,
How are you ?
Nice to receive your letter and learn that you will be in Hong Kong this summer .
Hong Kong is wonderful place for shopping , eating and sight - seeing country .
You can taste sea - food in Sai Kung and Abeedeen .
Visiting Big Budda in Lamma Island , watch the beautiful night view in the Peak .
Besides , Hong Kong also has many country parks for hikking .
I am sure that you will love this country !
If you want to find a job for only three months , I suggest you can teach English for summer lesson .
In Hong Kong , most of student would like to take some courses in Summer Holiday .
I will get some information for you if you have interest it .
Write to me if you have fixed your itinerary and looking forward to see you in Hong Kong .
Ta
I think public transport is paramount nowadays , but the future will deliver us some kind of different means of transport , such as the car , yes , a car we have been using all our lives .
But this time will be another story because in order to save time and money we are going to use our own car .
Let me explain my reasons , when you drive your car you can take it from your garage or in the main door of your house and it gets you whatever you want , but on the other hand if you take public transport it will be much more uncomfortable because you must catch the bus in the bus stop ... where is your nearest bus stop ?
Then you must pick the subway to your destination , so that means a waste of time , otherwise is cheaper , but what happens if you do n't have some coins to pay the bus driver ? here comes the problem .
You should look for a shop to exchange your money into coins .
What 's the time , then ?
Obviously you are late to work , even if you have an appointment to make an interview for a job .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She read a note from her boyfriend Tom .
She must go to a shopping centre because Tom is waiting for her in the shopping centre .
They go to a new film about James Bond .
Alison is very happy because she did not see Tom for two months .
he must study in a different country and they not see each other for months .
Tom is sutding in London .
Alison go to a bus stop and she waiting for a bus .
She can not wait to see Tom .
When she arrived at a shopping centre Tom is already waiting .
They want to spend all evening together .
The lion king is my favourite film .
It is the story about a little lion and his life .
Symba is the main character .
He must began to be the king .
He lives on the wild .
His father saves him of a fight but he died and Symba is sad .
He moves to another place because he did n't want to be on the same place where his father died .
But he knows Timon and Pumba and they get that Symba believe again that life is good .
Then , Symba save to Pumba of a lion and this lion is Nala who is an old friend of Symba .
They return and Symba gets to be the lion king .
I would recommend this film because it is funny , entertaining and you can learn principles .
My name is shousheng and live in Montreal Canada .
Alrough Canada is an English country however in Montreal , the offical language is Freach .
So I do not have opptunity to practical English Because most of my colleagues speak French .
They speak French in the meeting , in the gearm , and in the shopping
My favourite sport is running .
When I have a free time I usually run because I feel really relaxed after that .
I started this sport six years ago and I found myself .
When I stop doing it for a week , I feel that there is something missing and I 'm not in a good shape .
I advise everyone to start this sport .
In the fact , I know it 's very difficult to do it if you give it up .
But it 's very important for your health .
Running will help you burn calories and make you calm and relaxed .
My favourite sport is football .
I like football because it improves my basic skills and my mind does not take that much stress .
Football is really good because it is an active sport .
It is bewildering !
I was inspired by a true ledgend , his name is Edan Hazard .
He plays for Chelsea .
My favourite teams are Chelsea , Man city , Man united , Real madrid and barcelona .
That all I can say . I love football very much
yes we can say that for car is much convenient . but every person could not be afford car .
even that price behind fuel for car .
that 's first fact .
and the second one is that fashion or style of young people who do n't like more go somewhere using a car than bike .
after that last point we can not go everywhere using a car we would like .
that have limitation also there .
might be somany people are liking because there are so many service with it .
but it does not means that public transport is not having future .
that fact behind sense because maintainance of public transport is not responsiblity of traveler .
if we want to count function of public transport because it 's not enough words to say . but public transport is most need service in big city as well as small villeges .
It 's not so hard to find sights to see in such a big city like Moscow , but when you have a wide variety of museums , parks , clubs , you will try to visit only best ones .
Let 's look at the most popular places where tourists prefer spending their free time in Moscow .
I 'm sure i 'll agree that the Red Square is the most popular sight in captial of Russia .
That 's why I suggest starting the journey from this place .
You can get there by metro ( Teatralnaya Station ) .
From the Red Square you can easily see Moscow Kremlin , St. Basils Cathedral , the State Historical Museum and Gum Trading House .
If you are dying of hunger you can have a quick snack at Teremok cafe or have a square meal at the restaurant # 57 , which on the the third floor of the Gum .
I prefer spending my free time in the parks .
Gorky Park is my favorite place for my leisure .
It 's a capital 's central park where you 'll wind lots of interesting affairs .
There are lots of facilities such as sports centre , ping pong club , hire centre etc .
There is an open - air cinema , but it opens only after 10.00 PM .
So , if you want to have a memorable holiday , the capital of Russia is the most attractive place .
My friend 's name is Kadir .
He is from Giresun .
He likes playing mobile phone , playing basketball and reading a book .
He is hobbies listen to music , play computer game , watch the football match and watch TV .
These are my friends hobbies .
I 'd like to talk about my past .
I 'm only fifteen years old but I think I have a heavy past ..
First , I 've always lived in a kind of little flat which is a social logement .
We did n't have a lot of money but I went to a private elementary school .
There were a lot of rich people , maybe we were about ten to one hundred not living in a house .
I had a lot of friends , too much friends ..
At sixth grade , I realized that they did n't really love me , or even like me .
I remember two contrats moments : One day we had to create a team to make an exercise which used brain , they chose me .
Although , another time , we had to create a team for doing sport , and they did n't choose me .
That get to the second problem I had , and stay now : my weight .
They did n't choose me because of my weight .
I was too fat , too much fat .. I looked at my health booklet one month ago , and I saw that I have been overweight since I 'm four years old .
Until sixth grade , I thought I was " normal " , but then all changed ..
Learning English is very important by the future of all .
Is a language that many people speak and known .
Many people start learning English at school .
Later , the people continue in language schools .
Is a difficult language , so , the best option is to go abroad .
In an English speaking country , everyday you learn to live .
People speaking different but with a basic level understand English .
It is difficult to go to a place unknown with different people but is a good experience to learn .
I think if the whole world has only one language would be better .
Everyone could speak and understand .
Not so , therefore , we must study very English .
Because of her suggestions , I learned how to control my temper while I was facing with failures and kept telling myself that was n't a big shame because I had had tried my best .
Thus , I became more mature because I overcame those hard times .
I like walking in the morning every day and I enjoy doing it with my own or with my friends , and because it 's very useful for my health and also it keeps my body healthy and full of energy .
sometimes I feel tired of walking especially in the sunny days with a high temperatures , but that ca n't let me stop doing this sport .
when I 'm walking , that can refresh me all the time and makes me feeling good .
I want to give advice to people who love thing type of sport ; please do not let it go , and do it as you can , because it 's a benefit sport .
Hi , everyone .
its good idea to improve my English writing .
I 'd like to speak the education process in Egypt .
I have just graduated from faculty of law " English division " from two years ago , with very good grade .
The ordinary result of the big effort I had exerted in my university to have good job in my specialization like a lawyer .
But in Egypt no one takes his right you should pay a lot of money to have a job or knowing someone use his authority to appoint you .
So , I intended to get a job in another state like Dubai , I heard jobs there is very good and also the compensation . I have submit my CV in various jobs .
but what is the common reply ?
your qualifications are not satisfied , You must be UK Or USA educated .
Finally , I see that I have very high marks in education but not have the ability to work in the real life because in Egypt there is the worst education .
Thanks .
1 ) I like helping people
2 ) Tom offered to go to the cinema .
3 ) Meryy refused borrowing money .
4 ) Can we afford to purchase a car next year ?
5 ) I look forward to meet you .
6 ) The movie I watched made me cry .
I do not think , it 's easy to do research in India .
Even if once a time , I want to focus on my work they will create one or the other issue to distract me .
I will make my own path , though it will be difficult for me .
But it will be very romantic to be with my girlfriend and fight with the system .
We generally use the word " stress " when we feel that everything seems to have become too much - we are overloaded and wonder whether we really can cope with the pressures placed upon us .
We can change everything hurt us if we need if we have volition
The reasons for stress are more diverse perhaps because we have an exam period , family proplems or because we think in negative way , or we destroyed ourselves in long hours of working and canceld our needs for enough comfortable , and lots of reasons to stress ...
We must get out of the stress quickly before lose ourself because it 's very hurtful period , for example you can read a book , doing sport , play music , eating delicious food , remmeber all the positive thing was took place with you , talk about someone who trust for him , take off every thing make you upset and make you life tiring , go out and eat meal with your best joking friends , and there a lot of you have to do ...
Remmeber the stress is not lasting thing , and you can avoid it
But if you are willing to live in happy life .
Dear Sir
I am writing to complain about the cafe - Lunch menu .
In my opinion the main course needs a lack of improvement .
Firstly , I am a vegetarian and I do n't have much choice of vegetables .
Secondly there are not much variety of dessert mainly fruits and puddings .
There is not much variety of healthy drinks , there not much hot drinks as well .
Some people say that in my college are vegetarian , Muslim , vegan e.c.t and they do not have much variety of food to choose like halal meat and veg and nothing that comes from animals .
It is considered that you change the type of food regularly .
Reduce the fast food that make people obese and not healthy .
It will be better if you gave drinks compared to the weather like whenever its winter we would like a hot drink and if it is summer we would like a chilled drink .
I hope you consider this major problem in the cafe .
Thank you .
Yours faithfully
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I 'm writing to you regarding of a letter I 've seen on my way home calling for candidates to fill a vacancy in your cafe staff .
As requested , I 'm an English - speaking guy and currently looking for a job that does n't disrupt my studies at college .
For that reason , this job is perfectly suitable for me and , besides , it showed up as a good opportunity for me to improve my incoming helping me paying my bills .
Now I am twenty fiver years old and when I was teenager I lived abroad twice .
The first time in London , for 6 months , and most recently in Berlin , for 8 months .
the movie I 'm going to be reviewing is " the purge "
I actually loved it quite a lot , I just loved all the suspense and the parts they leave you hanging , it 's just way too interesting , the movie is about the american government who annually gives 12 hours where all crime , even murder , is legal , and there are no medical services during that long period of what they call " the purge " and anyone can join it , you can kill whoever you want .
The thing is , some people do n't think it 's ok , and they do n't agree , so they just stay inside and try to survive the night .
The diagrams illustrates the process about producing bank notes .
At the first beginning , bank notes should be well - designed considering the colour matching and artwork including the issues about safety .
After designing , metal plates are supposed to be prepared with the help of experienced machinists .
Then , it comes to the printing step .
Ensuring there is colour on both sides , image is increased gently by a certain type of ink .
Most importantly , before distribution , printed sheets with 50 bank notes per sheet have to be checked whether they are of perfect quality or not .
They can only be packed and distributed when they are with good quality .
In other words , both bad sheets and the ones which are seperated badly need destroying in a safe way which can stop them from going into the market .
That 's how bank notes are produced from paper to the one we can purchase goods in our daily life .
Many people believe that nowdays there is no future in public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient , but others continue with the tought that they do help for example for travelling for long distance .
I believe both are useful .
Firstly , there is plenty of people who ca nt buy a car and so the only option they have is to travel by these transports .
The ticket does nt cost to mutch and it is avaible for the majority of the people at least comparing to buying a car .
Secondly , public transports are more eficent to travel for long distance than cars and people would nt have to purchase combustible .
When people are avaible to tavel to other continents or far away , they may need a plane , wicth is a public transport , to complete the journey because the have tu cross oceans and clomplicated distances that have different landforms .
However , a car is something witch is from the person and he can do wathever he wants and find it in the same way he or she left it , and sometimes public sports are nt left in the best way .
In addiion , you have to share with people you absolutely do nt know and probably wo nt see again .
Consequesntly yo can be stole or get sick .
But , by obseving all these people you can rich yourself with different cultures and manners the other have and incorporate new topics .
To conclude we can establish a middle point .
Public sports are useful but sometimes inconvenient but more cheaper . You can get to know new people and different cultures .
When I was 12 , I went in France for the first time in my life .
That was my first time on holiday in another country that was n't nourth Italy .
I remember i woke up at 6 o'clock for took the train and went to Paris in France .
After 4 hours sat on an uncomfortable seat , we arrived at the train station and then my parents and me went to the hotel .
We fisited a lot of monuments , museums and churces , like the Louvre with the Monalisa by Leonardo Da Vinci .
That week I felt happy and relaxed but I was a little bit sad when we returned in Italy .
I am waiting only to go there another time !
Nowadays my people have their own transport , for example they have cars .
Transport is the best situation for people to can travel around a country .
Without transport people can not go back to work and do something else .
With public transport , is the best way to go to work . Because it is easy to travel .
No need to pay a full amount because they have many people who entered the bus .
Public transport helped us to know our country and improve ours body to move one place to another .
For example , we should walk to go in a place whereas a car can park in the place which we want to go .
It helps us in many difficult ways , if they have a problem we can take a bus and go there .
It will be more appropriate for us .
All village they have a bus - stop where the bus stop to take or leave passengers .
And some bus drive at night to take passengers .
Without it many people will have many difficult to go somewhere or to return home .
However , they have some disadvantages with a public transport , they gave many traffic jam , this is because the bus a large and difficult to control .
If the roads are small , the bus would go in the street .
The bus would not leave the passengers where they want to go , because they have to leave them in the bus - stop .
Day by day the country develop more and more , nowadays they have trains .
Many people travel by train because they arrive more faster than the bus and cheaper in a long run .
The public transport will have many future because some people have no money to buy their own car .
Public transport have help us in many different ways .
It will better if they have public transport .
Dear Kuba !
Do your family is happy that you come back ?
Are you fine ?
I am writing to tell you that I have known my aunt Lisa when I was in London last month .
We met each other next to Oxford Street , when I was going to a supermarket .
She went with me and we talk about everything !
She is very interesting and wise person , but the best is her humor .
We are going to travel to the France in this holiday .
It is fantastic ! I ca n't wait .
kisses
Ola
Nowadys using public transport is considered to be the most convenient
way to move around .
It provides citizen the freedom to relax and disconnect while going home or to work .
However , taking your own car is the much more useful .
And for this reason I honestly think it will be the only means of transport in the future .
You also asked about the leisure activities in Spain .
Well , let me tell that there are lots of ways to have a good time there .
For me , the most interesting one is sightseeing around the city and discover its monuments and landmarks .
However , there are also an endless of leisure activities such as going shopping or going to museums , to cinemas or to beautiful parks
If it were not enough , you will be able to enjoy the amazing atmosphere of our nightlife , going to restaurants , to clubs or lounge bars .
In my town people are very educated and very aware of the environment , they know very well that if we take care of the environment then it will useful for us only , so they always take care about the rubbishes and try to clean the village .
Whenever they are going to outside always keeping the plastic bag with them so whatever rubbish thing they will not thrown to the road or outside .
they always keep the rubbish and dust to plastic bag and then they throw to dust bin
D. Perhaps , bilingual school creation might be a good idea of Colombian education improvement , but it will be appropriate to be aware that Colombia actually has public schools with a basic education where English is considered as another academic subject , in contrast with the private ones .
Because a majority of do n't have enough resources to pay for it .
The whole picture conveys us the process of making bank notes .
It depends five main steps which include desigh , preparation of metal plates , printing , inspection , packaging and distraction or disposal depends on whether the fourth step is good or bad .
Above all , the design is the most previous way we should know , which is considered with the background color and artwork .
Secondly , we need preparation of metal plates that subsidiarize with skilled machinsts .
And the we need printing and inspection .
Eventually , the most essential part comes out , we need significate the quality of the sheets .
If it 's good , packing and distributin whereas the others shoulde be distroyed as well .
In conclusin , the whole part of process is an unreversed schedule .
It cosumemed the power which contained the humanity and machinic .
Nevertheless , in my opinion the most precious of the revolution is the modern security measure through such a muti - developed society .
To begin with is design , we are able to considerate backgroud colour , artwork , and security issues , and then , we are supposed to preparing mental plates , such as skilled and machinists .
Secondly , printing -- including sheetsof bank notes , printed(50 bank notes per sheet).There are some requestion -- colour on both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
The most important step is inspection that the printed sheets should manually inspected .
If partially damaged sheets exist , the bank notes should separated into good and bad .
In the end , if it is a good sheet , the porcedure is packaging and distribution , including cutting into separate bank notes , packing , dispatching .
If it is a bad sheet , the porcedure is disposal --bad sheetsand bank notes should be securely destroyed .
I do not know from where I can start .
Back in the 40 's , Cairo was considered as one of the cleanest and the friendly environmental city around the world , Even cleanest than Paris or other cities in Europe .
But the time is changes and things are changing with it .
Nowadays , Cairo can be considered as one of - if not the most - the dirtiest city in the world .
Rubbish is everywhere , people finish their food and throw empty bags in the streets instead of holding it until they found a trash .
So , the ugly truth is my country is n't clean and people do nothing towards this .
In this picture there is a man behind a counter in a shop .
There are lots of guns on the wall .
In the right corner there 's a sign which says that in this shop it 's not to been allowed to sell knives .
It is a fact that on the one hand you have the opportunity to buy dangerous weapons nowadays but on the other hand we are unable to manage this situation correctly .
It is true that there are an increase on violence in the past and it is our duty to tell our children that a world without guns are a better world .
It was late Summer in Africa .
Max and his family had been in their holidays for two weeks now , this year they had decided to do a safari as a new experience .
Unfortunately Max was not as excited as his family , he had never been really into animals .
He only enjoyed staying at the hotel to watch television .
" Max , wake up ! " his mom said .
Once he did , he went walking outside the hotel for the first time .
Today for some reason he got this feeling that something interesting will happend .
He walked and walked thinking what could it be , until after a long time walking he realised he did not know where he was .
Suddenly , he heard something , was it an animal ? , he thinked .
And then he realised it was an enourmous , lion .
Max freeze he did not know what to do .
The lion was getting closer and when he reached Max he layed on the floor and looked at the boy .
Max for some reason stroked him and the lion smiled .
But suddenly he heard a noise , it was his mum."Max where are you ? " she screamed , the lion dissapear in one second , running .
So Max walked into her , and said " here mom , do n't worry lets go into the hotel . "
Max spend the rest of the day thinking in that lion until he got into his room."what an mazing day ! "
Max whispered to himself as he got into bed that night .
Dear teacher :
I am your new student , Zhen Xuan Wang .
I come from Taoyuan Bade .
I like riding my bicycle in the streets .
I am studying in Yung Feng high school .
Not long ago , I won first prize in math competitions in school .
Presidential election will begin in Taiwan next year .
I look forward to result released .
All the time , we are learning more for our various wishes .
My goal is an admission of National University .
Best regards ,
your student , Zhen Xuan Wang .
continue the study
Any one in the world has future Goal .
My ultimate aim is to continue my study .
unfourtunitly my previous study was in Arabic .
this matter prevent me from achieving my Goal .
the most diffucalt area in English I suffer from is the writing .
I have no issue in reading speaking or lesining .
As part of my plan to improve the English skils , I decieed to search on the internet for any free program which can help me for the improvement plan in the English writing .
I found your web site and this my first try .
.
there are many differences between old computers and the new ones .
For example , new computersare smaller in size than the old computers , also they are faster and more efficient , they have better resolution and a bigger memory to save files an other staff like apps
Trieste is a little town situated in the nord - east of Italy .
We have diversified harvest like in the rest of the world , not only in the houses but also in every public building .
For example in our school there is the possibility to collect paper and plastic in different boxes .
In the last year some political men have decided to put in order our city , so for example they put again to place the roads .
In the middle of the principal street , that is next to the sea , there is a divider with a lot of flowers and plants .
So the ambiental impact is very attractive .
We have still many problems to solve in our city .
There are n't boxes for rubbish in every condominium , and we haven't the harvest of the dampness that is present in many other towns of Italy .
Another problem is that the citizen of Trieste do n't pay attention at the ambiental problems of their city .
For example , when a man or a woman has ended to smoke he / she throws the earth cigarette not in the right box .
In other countries it would be impossible , because if someone wanted to do this , he 'll receive a bill to pay .
I think it would be important that , not only in the family , but also in the school could be grow a new generaion sensible to ecological problems of the earth .
In this way we can have the possibility to change .
Hi .
Today a lot of people do sports , but all sports are not amused .
It 's great for me write about the sport and health .
When I was child I ususally play with my friends of football .
I sometimes played at break of school in the morning .
This sport was very happier for me but a day I broke my leg and then I never played more of football .
I have to do jogging a few years ago .
I have often finished very tired because I never do sport .
Because in occasions It 's very bored .
Although I do jogging I also do other sport the swimming .
I began practise this sport three years ago when I lost my work .
I usually go two days a veek but the henxt month I am going to go three or four days a week because I hope to be a local competition .
I go swimming a public pool .
The public pool is near my house .
On the one hand This sport is good for my health I stay fit .
On the other hand I have met a lot of people , they are very friendly .
And finally only I tell you that you should do some sport It is good for us life .
See you .
Jerry read the email and decided to go to the shopping centre immediately .
At this moment he had woke up .
He noticed that he is trembling " it was just a dream " - he thought .
He had another week to find a birthday present .
His uncle 's birthday hounding him because he does n't know what he should buy for him .
He already had enquired about this all the family , nobody hasn't idea which would be good enough .
Then he found that he just will go to the fishing shop and request for help shop assistant .
As he thought as he done .
It was great idea !
The man was professional , and gave him accurate pieces of advice .
He had bought the best of all presents .
Uncle Tom was delighted and proud of me .
Off the top of his head he had asked his nephew to go to the fishing together .
Jerry said that he would be privileged .
It emerged that that young boy have a good head for fishing and now they are always go to the fisihng together .
I do n't have a favorite sport .
I practise a lot of sports , and now I 'm going to tell all over them .
I like running , ride my bike , playng football , skiing at winter , climbing , etc .
What I like to run is to go the mountain and enjoy the landscape .
What I like to go bike is doing routes and very long paths .
I like football because it is a sport that I practiced from small and I think that is the team sport more fun and exciting .
I like skiing because it is a sport that I also did from small I like large speeds and lower living at high altitudes and enjoying great landscapes .
I like to climb but it is a sport that I just started ... but I want to keep practising it and keep learning new things .
The issue of taking care of the environment is very topical in the modern world .
Amount of garbage is encreasing at the same time with encreasing amount of humans .
The growth of consumption in developing countries leads to encreasing consumption more energy , water and other sources .
Pollution of the ecosystems is groving to in these countries as a result .
This problems are topical in our city Kyiv to .
Nowadays our local governmet is making some desisions for improving the situation .
It is going to build several modern combustion plants , some programmes for discrete rubbish collection are implementnig .
There are a lot of citizens movement except oficial activities .
People orginise common action for cleaning nearhouse territories .
Some activists plant out trees in spring .
These activities especially have a place in spring and in outumn .
I hope that most of the big enterprises , plants and stations will be taken out of the city border .
this days the transportation become so crawdad .we have a lot of cars in the streets .
there are a lot of accidents because many people driving so fast .
we should put many cameras in the street to know how is caused of this accidents .
if every body know that there are a punishment for what they do and no body can escape from what he did I guess we will have a few of transportations accident .
Everyone is circious about making bank notes .
Now I will talk about THE PROCESS OF MAKING BANK NOTES .
The bank notes is designed considerately , workers need to design it backgrounds coler and artwork .
What"s more , the notes will also be printed onb security issues .
Then , the notes will be prepared with metal plates .After that , printing , the notes will be printred in colour on both sides with special ink and it will images sightly raised .
A new pieces of bank notes is printed completely .
Good part of them will be packaged and disturbed .workers wll cut them and deal with them carefully .
Rest of them will be disposaled .
Dear Jo ,
I think that Cádiz is perfect place to meet , because Cádiz has coast , sea , and mountais .
The people is very kind and funny , and is a very cheap city .
In Cádiz , in summer there are a lot of oportunitis to work .
Cádiz is a beautiful city and you would enjoy a lot of if worked here .
Cádiz has got a lot of amazing beaches .
Almost , you are a great athlete so , You could teach surfing , football or other sports .
on the other hand , in Cádiz there are a lot of bars , so , you could find a job with waiter .
I hope I helped you .
Since I was seven years old that I am on my city 's basketball team , and I have no doubt that playing basketball is one of the things that I enjoy the most in my life .
I like basketball because , besides the benefit that it brings to your health and physical - well being it is also a really good hobby .
Another reason why I like it is because it is a team sport so you can learn and evolve with them .
You also get to meet a lot of people in tournaments or even in normal games .
I really think that everyone should try it because it is fun and healthy .
Dear Mr. Yoyada
I am writing this letter for a complaint about the CPU that I bought last week .
I order 2 NVIDIA GTX 1080 but until now I do n't have my order in my hand .
I need the CPU as soon as possible and before 17 march 2017 .
If until 17 March my order not come yet I will cancel my order and I want 100% refund for my money .
I think you should be more on time or you will get a bad rating from your costumer .
Thanks for all and I want my money back if I not yet get my cpu .
I hope I will get me order and I hope you eill be more on time for the costumer order shipping .
Thank you
your Sincerely
Nowadays , people are getting more independent , and more than this problem , society now needs to show the other this independence and control of their own lives , which includes cars , houses and materials .
On the one hand , travelling by car can be an excellent way to move yourself for where you want to go , without going on foot to find your bus station and becomes less important if you live in the centre of your town or in the suburbs .
Another advantage of travelling by car is that you do n't have to spend time waiting for your other transport , as also as you can avoid the confusion of people that are in the subway stations every morning to get in the line you want to arrive at work in time .
On the other hand , public transport are the only resource some people have to move on , and more than excellent to the environment , it 's also a good way to avoid traffic and spend money on petrol , once it 's cheaper if you catch a bus .
Another disadvantage is that using the car can be useless in some situation , like if you go to a football game by car , you probably wo n't have a place to park it .
In conclusion , cars wo n't let public transports be forgot , once more than providing the only way some people have to travel , cars are n't so convenient for some situations .
I think you must go to a large school in the town because here you can have more friends and you can do a lot of other things that you can do in the countryside .
I really want to go to a big school in the town because here in the countryside I can go out with my friends or go shopping with them .
I the town you can do everything fun .
You can go to the shopping , to the halfpipes , to the skateparks and you can do a lot of other cool things with your friends but in the countryside no .
But you must go to the school that you want , this is just my advice ok ?
I really want that you be happy with your new life .
A big kiss and a big hug
Anna
I think that the family and friends are the most important in our lives because if you have some problems they are always here and they try to help you .
These people can influence in our life for example , if you have a bad friends you become a bad person and you will have probles in your live.so , your education depends on the people around you .
It is not important if these people are friends or family , they can change our lives for better or worst , depend on you choose the best thing that it can help you .
As we know , in our days everything is possible .
We have so many advantages that make our lives easier .
Even the way of studying has changed .
In general , people have the possobility to study in libraries or using the computers .
Studying in libraries asks a lot of quiet and patience .
There you must n't speak lauder and you always have to wait for your turn to borrow something or you have to wait if another student has the book you need .
Personally , I think studying on a computer it 's a better chooise .
I 'm not saying that just because of the easy way by you can study what you want .
Studying using a computer offers you the possibility to be more relaxed when you do it .
In this way , you can maybe read aloud .
If I were a student that usually studies in a library I would definitely try to study on a computer .
In this way I would n't waste a lot of time .
If somebody says that there is no future for public transport i mind immediately . today there are too many vehicles in our streets .
the roads are chock a block.everybody has a private car .
people is thinking about comfortable life instead of environment and cost saving .
Hi , Shannon :
About my town in the future .
It will be very different .
Meanly , the change in the environment .
Also , every year , there are more companies that produce different types of pollution in our planet .
For this , I think that the climate will change in 20 years .
Therefore , the animals do not survive with this climate .
Also , the humans ca n't go to the Street all day , only a few hours for the hot climate .
The live there will be harmful for everybody !
We need to do something to sabe the world !
What do you think about this ?
Take care ,
Conchi .
The members of my Family are certain my real best friends , whose i can trust and ask everything without shameless or regrets .
I think they are our first friends and our first confidents .
All days they prove they are the persons whose care about me .
Thionk about family 's routine .
Every morning they take breakfast together , speaking about things not too important .
They listen to you , discuss our problems .
Sorry for taking too long to get back to you , it 's the end of the quarter and you know how crazy is this period for a sales man .
Yes , you can share my contacts .
I would like to understand the benefits of an MBA at IMD and how it would help me on my career .
Talking about the world cup a little .
Watching to our national teams games , I got the conclusion that we have no need to check our heart condition .
Brazil and Nederlands games were a real test for our health .
What do you think ?
I appreciate your support .
Kind Regards .
According to the reality a lot of young people are n't very communicated in their life .
They think their life is so boring and also very mad .
But I think different .
For example in your childhood you are much more happiest than your Parents because their job is not very easy .
They have to look after their children and it 's very stressed I think .
Most teenagers ca n't understand that , and they think that the job of their parents is not difficult .
Firstly , young people usually calm down trough the music for example classic music .
But most of young society are not interested this type of music .
for instance they prefer Pop or also rock music .
Through you listen the music you can expressed your emotions and this is the most beautiful thing .
Secondly , they like watching series in a TV .
That make their happy and additionally make loud .
Usually the watch criminal series because it 's very interesting and really mysterious .
Teenagers have different styles .
A lot of young mans love wearing jeans and t - shirt .
Because it 's very comfortable .
But girls love wearing skirt and snug shirt .
I think the style is very important in our life .
Across style we can express our emotions and feelings .
In conclusion life of young people is not very easy .
We have a lot of unhappy days and we have a lot of problems too .
hi my name is Adrian i am 17 years old and i am footballer . I was born too be a footballer .
We were playing everyday football in the school and I was the best .
I was even better than the older children everyone was telling me too go to a team .
but i dident had too do anything , a team took when i was 11 years old .
The name of the team was Katsa .
i was at this team for 5 years and the made me even better in football .
I played my first match at 16 years old and i felled very special because i was 16 and i was capable of putting 3 goals .
I played so good that everyone gave me congratulations but that s not all one of the best team of the world wanted too take me .
I was very happy and of course i agreed .
For my opinion , I 'm definitely agree with that .
Already , for only 20 years a lot of thing because of the technology .
And I think that iy 's not a technology will change but the people and their caracteres themselves .
Unfortunaly , for this generation there wo n't be a real relationship , all relation will become a virtual relationship .
The good news is the average of people who can take advantage of the technology can economise a lot of time because they might have a sophisticate robot can help at home .
According my experience , if we do n't exagerate the way we use technologie like internet , phone , satellite .
It will be the good thing that we can spend our time for a good thing
In some people 's lives the most important is to wear fashionable clothes .
On the one hand , I think it is important tolook good , but sometimes the latest fashion is not the best choiceto feel happy and comfortable .
For example , now the high - heeld shoes is very trendy but it costs a lot and the most woman does n't look good in it .
On the other hand , the personality is more important and determinative than an expensive dress , it is a fact .
Butif somebody wants to follow the latest fashion , I accept it , because she just in those clothes feels good .
In conclusion , my opinion is that the personality is more important than the clothes we wear , but everybody has his own life and a choice to decide what she wants .
Transportation is one of the most essential part of our day to day life ; whether it is puplic or private , transport takes the same priority in each one 's life from the very early days .
Basically , we 've land , water and air transport for reliable purpose .
In the age before the industrialisation came in to exsitance , people were also using various alternatives to travel from one place to another .
They mostly depend on animal to make cart to ride on them .
Then the technology improved gradually towards mechanical engines to make the transport more convinient .
The developed version of all those engines are use in the running vehicles of land , water and air which make our life more faster .
But in this modern era of globalisation , global warming is one of the prime concern of the earth .
And when we look at the modern technologies of transportation , it glances no future for public transport .
It is inevitably true that , excessive use of public transport leads to higher level of pollution .
So , it would better to go for any other alternative of green technology for future purpose to make this world a better place .
Yesterday , I had a wonderful day .In the morning I went to a Galician basketball training with a coach of Spanish selection , when finished went to my parents to a hotel to eat and stay with some friends , after the food meet with friend 's of my parents and went to a theme park and we rode to a rollers coaster , it was very exciting and we ate a chocolate ice cream , it was delicious .At night we went to a match of Spanish basketball league , Obradoiro versus Real Madrid and that match won the team of Real Madrid and then I went home to sleep .
This is my wonderful day .
when I find me in London , I 'm going to the buckingham palace located in the city of westminster and I 'll see your art gallery and tourist attraction of the British monarchy
continue in London , I will visit to the largest parks in London , the hyde park that having a full day of guided outdoor games and activities for perservation thereof park
follow in London I 'll go for a walk to arrive at the big ben that is the most beautiful bullding in all its splendour when I will take pictures
later , I 'll take the underground of London that is a public fast transit system , I 'm trawiling in it
when I 'll leave of the underground in the station wembley park I going to the wembley stadium where I will enjoy an evening of football , the match started at 8:00pm
My favorite band is " cbjr " , its a brazillian band , the type of music is rock and rap , yours music are very easy to single .
I really like , in the moments when I am listernning turn up the radio , but the singles are died .
Generally speaking , it has been suggested that mixed - sex education will improve to the degree of learning system at schools .
In another way of saying , this kind of education system should be included in the whole classes in all schools .
However , I strongly believe that the measurement of education level does not explicitly interest with sex differences in the classes , but also it is related to the quality of education level in the schools .
Education has a crucial part in one society and it 's future and by improving the level of educations system , students can learn more effectively in their entire education life and their career but also their skills will be improved by this process .
Nowadays , unfortunately , students can not take enough education from their schools whereas in some poor countries .
Their systems are no longer that good enough and students will not make a good career for their future .
On the other hand , by building more effective learning system which will provided by local authority , students will encouraged them learn more efficient .
Lack of teaching way , poor audience of the class , quantity of learning materials , for instance , all of these matters should be enhanced until the good quality has been set up in the system .
Besides , by putting these kinds of procedures , students will also gain more respect towards career and their job .
Hopefully , they will reach not only earn more money in their entire life but also society will have more development shape in any other developed counties .
It is true that coeducation can motive the student while they work with other sex group students , we ought to also bear in mind , this is not only solution to get best result .
Therefore , we should consider other kinds of problems which affect on education system .
In a nutshell , based on the above - mentioned point such as , quality of educations system not only interests with mix - education but also it will need some good solutions in some subjects that mentioned .
It is personally concluded that this kinds of developments will be put into the action for all schools shortly .
I like my family and my friends .
For that , is a pleasure speak about them !
I am starting to introduce my favorite family members .
My sister is older than me two years .
She has an important person to me since my 8 years .
Our parents separated in 1980 , when I was 8 and when she was 10 .
Since this time , we stayed very linked until now .
We have a good relation , she is my main friend .
She knows all about me .
My father is other person important to me .
I appreciate his a lot , because he stayed with me and my sister and his life changed completely .
He invested in our education and today he has much admiration on our life and our decisions .
When I became , first teenager and after an adult , I knew the majority of my friends , a good friends .
We keep a regular contact , we go out to dinner or take a coffee many times .
More recently , I can not forgot my husband and my daughter .
Both are very important in my emotional stability .
In fact , I feel they are the most important people in my life !
Hello Stefan !
How are you ? Hope everything 's fine ,
all here is great .
It 's been so long since we last talk ... and I have some great news !
Well , I 'm writing to tell you that this summer I 'm going to the UK , and I 'd like to hang out with you some time !
It 'll be the second time I 'll visit the UK , and I would n't like to do the same excursions , so would you mind telling me some good activities to do or some places to visit there ?
Also , I 'd like to invite you to my house here in Spain , all my friends and I are having a party and it 'll be fantastic if you were able to come .
Hope to see you soon
Love ,
Rosa
Our world is very polluted by public transport so we think about what will happen in the future .Public transport causes many problems in our environment such as , difficult reaching to the nearest destination , the pollution , and causing diseases .
We must think alternative solutions for this problem .
We face difficulty in reaching in our own destination .
Many people who go to their work late .
Hence , if everyone has a private car he can go to his work on time .
Using the public transport makes us arrive late because it stops many times .
With our private car , we can do many tasks in our day , but using buses we waste our time , and more efforts .
Buses run with petrol that causes pollution .
Nowadays , there are some vehicles run with electricity.we can decrease pollution by using electricity .
Hence this will help people to be in a good health .
In addition , crowded buses cause affection among people .
private cars reduce the affection .
Crowded buses spread epidemic in our society .
Finally , we hope a healthy future for our new generations . We want to reach our destination on time and live in safe life without diseases and pollution .
my favourite sport is volleyball.i play it since 2006.my best position is number 2.i used to play it in faculty of engineering selection.it makes me fit and long .
i like it very much .
i used to play it with my frindes .
when i enter the egyptian armed forces , i played for the air defense forces team .
we won the 1st position , and got the cup of competition.if anyone attends to play this game , he should practice hard to be able to play it proffesionaly .
Further to the trade fair of the last week where we were a pleasure to meet you and we were talking about you courses .
I am looking for an organizational development course .
Could I have contact with any of your customer for more information ?
I am available to talk with you on Monday in the morning .
I am looking forward confirmation .
My favourite sport :
When I was a child , about four or five years old , my father teaches me what was football , and I loved it but , I really liked the goalkeepers , why I like football since childhood .
I think football shows you a lot of feelings and experiences .
I enjoy football because it is a form to forget problems and enjoy a bit , because when you are playing football , you are n't thinking other stuff , you only are concentrate at the game .
Football is a sport where anything can happen , no always win the best teams and is unpredictable , there is n't a dream team .
The football is a good form to do exercise because it is interesting and funny .
And if you do n't like do sport you can watch the matches of the teams around the world .
The most important invention is the mobile , because you can do whatever you want in only one communication device .
Today , it 's smaller , faster and cheaper than before .
Not only children have one , grandparents have either .
But with this gadget , we have a big problem : people are becoming isolated , we are living in our own world .
You can do a lot of things using your mobile , like : call someone , text , take pics , listen to music , watch movies , play games , wake you up ( alarm clock ) , access the internet , check your e - mails , pay your bills , access the social media , learn how to cook ... there are many more unthinkable things we can do .
But now , children want to have one as soon as possible , they do n't play hide and seek and play sports like before .
And one consequence of this is they have health problems .
Another problem is if your mobile is stolen , the thief can access all your personal life , he can check your e - mail , see your photos , etc .
And people are getting isolated , once I saw a mother using your mobile instead of taking care of her baby !
This is so sad !
In the future , it will probably we can almost everything using mobile , but we might pay attention in how this affects our life .
The pie charts illustrate the amount of household earnings allocation within regular families in two different years ( 2000 and 2010 )
overall , in both years , the amount of earnings allocation predominantly from Housing then followed by food / clothes .
There were a significant rise in the number of budget allocation from both categories ( Housing and food / clothes ) in 2000 and 2010 .
In contrast , Vacation / leisure and Misc were decrease over the same period of time .
Regarding the pie charts , there were significantly increased in the number of earnings allocation for Housing and Food / Clothes from about 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% and 35% in 2010 respectively .
However , the allocation of household budget for Misc , which was the least among other categories in 2010 ( around 15% ) , fell by 10% in 2010 from around 15% to approximately 5% respectively .
Furthermore , there was a slight decrease in Vacations / leisure allocation from 25% in 2000 to around 10% in 2010
Actually , the public transport show really no future .
The governments did n't had been giving good ideas to improve the public transport .
There are two good reasons for doing not use public transport in the future .
Firstly , the no continue the construction of more rail line of train to public transport is a one reason .
Secondly , people do n't like the old buses in the city centre .
Consequently , people prefer move in your own car .
On the other hand , I think there are two aspects that can change the actual situation .
The first is , The government can create a new plan os construction of trains .
The second aspect is , people can help to pay more tax to buy new buses .
As a result , we can have a public transport more comfortable .
In my opinion , the public transport can have future if all we collaborate us to improve .
Unless we do so , I believe no future for the public transport .
There are widely differing views on the issue of whether or not the benefits of study foreign language in earlier age outweigh the drawbacks .
Some people would suggest that learning new language before second school discourage their usual learning and that would struggle their understanding of other subjects .
However , I personally believe that the advantages is overweight .
The reasons for this as follows .
Learn how to walk before learn how to run , the opponents contend the children confuse the words and phrases with their mother tongue .
Confronting with challenges , primary students are struggled on the difference between first language and the learning one .
Thus , people view that children learn foreign language at primary school are worse than later .
Nonetheless , I would contend that learning foreign at primary school brings countless benefits to children .
Primary school , the best moment for learning , children are easier and faster to gain knowledge .
Not only less study burden when compare by secondary school , but they are able communicating with foreigners as well as extend their societal network during that period and the later life .
Rather than concern about the challenges , children would confront with , it is particularly advantaged for them to grasp foreign language during the elementary school .
By way of conclusion , I once again reaffirm my position that advantages of learning foreign language at primary school is much outweigh than the drawbacks .
Given that these children would have a better development in the future as well as more free time .
it is a story of a boy , who always find out the way to tease her sister sukh .
one day he got fight with her sister , even he made her cry.both of them stop talking to each other and after some day the boy need laptop of her sister sukh .
sukh was so angry with him because he heart her a lot , sukh refuse to give her laptop and her brother start again fighting with her and even he slapped her sister .
sukh start crying and she said she is not going to give you my laptop until you do n't feel sorry .
her brother pick her laptop and threw it and broke her laptop , then boy closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
In my opinion people 's lives will change dramatically in 50 years or so , because the world is changing all the time , and we have a lot of technology and things to do .
People change their way of thinking and try to do new things .
What is more , they do not the same things as their parents did .
To sum p I thonk it is enevitable .
The door of the room is closed .
Number 's room was 666 .
He knew that she was inside , waiting for the last conversation in relation with the life of Rose .
He pushed the door and come in .
She was sitting on the chair .
When she saw him , she smiled .
Then she started talking : " Welcome pretty boy , I am waiting for you , please sit down " .
He took a chair , staring her with rage . "
As you well know , rose 's life is your hands " she said and keep talking:" ... You are the only one , that can save her life , but before you must comply with your promise"."I Know it " he replied with a sad tone .
Then she took the document and stared reading in aloud voice : " With this agreement your soul is mine " .
Micheal did not know what think .
He loved rose with his entire soul , a soul that is losting .
Suddely , he took the agreement and signed with his blood the paper .
I do not care he thought , maybe I lost my soul but now she is alive .
After that , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
on the last vacation I went to France , to Paris with my colleague Sebastian for 2 weeks .
On the first day in France , we bought a French croissant for breakfast .
Then we went to the stadium Parc des Princes where we could not reach ,
and due to lack of knowledge of the language , nobody wo nt tell us which way to walk to the stadium .
By accident we ran into a good fairy who , with the young learned to all language in the world and thus led our stadium .
We made friends with this fairy after one entire day walking with her feel like you we knew each other a lifetime .
After the first week in France found that in Paris there is a large crowd .
For this reason , we left with a new friend to Marseilles , where there was less traffic .
We chose this city because of no input into the sea and it was filmed taxi in which he played a famous actor .
After spending two weeks with a fairy in France , we had to go back to school and fairy to do .
End .
Dear José ,
How are things ? I have finished my exam yet . I came back Linares two days ago .
When do you return ?
I took bad diet . You might come with me !
The exam had made that I do n't practise much sport .
For me , the sport is very important .
I believe that I am a boy healthy , but with all the exams I have abandoned to goods habits of me life .
I did n't have time free .
Do you practise sport this year ?
How are eating ?
Today I will speak with me manager . I will intent drive less and I go to places for mysheft .
I will buy a bicycle .
I play bike in the weekend .
My mum says that I do n't eat fruits or vegetables never so I will eat more fruits or vegetables .
In my opinion , the Diet of Gym is very bored .
Do you know new recet for cooking chicken ?
Do you remember Peter ?
He is very muscular now .
He told me to play sports every day .
One day will be like him .
We meet soon man .
Take care !
Fran .
Last year I was in London with my friends , Elena , Amélie and Ariana .
At first we went to our hotel .
It is near to the Hyde Park .
We went to the Hyde Park and sat down on a bank .
A hour later we went to the London Eye .
It is really very very big .
In the London Eye we can look all over London .
It is a very big city .
Then we go to the Big Ben .
The clock is very big and we stood there a long time .
Then we go to a red bus and drove to our hotel .
London is a very exciting city .
Speaking about reading .
Reading is one of the most important habits .
Reading opens new horizons , made you imagine .
One of the most favorite books for me is , the power of your subconscious mind .
this book tells you how to use the power of your mind , and how to make yourself happier .
I wish I could spread the idea of reading among young people .
Reading is a must for having a great nation .
letter written to report , about awful environment situation in my city !
Kiev , Ukraine .
we already did a lot , but still to do more needed .
first of all , rubbish factories should be sent behind the city
people who litter on the streets its one of the biggest problems .
So my proposition is to post some informative letters and posters around the city , and give bigger punishment for littering!Also from the government side to increase of trash bins and facility staff members .
clients search , customers support , conflicts solutions
compilation of wedding arrangements and bouquets
People used to use public transport a lot .
Public transport is very inconvenient .
Gas prices have come down a lot .
People can afford cars easily .
Some people live very far from the bus stop .
They have to walk a long distance to get to the bus stop .
Buses are very crowded .
Buses take a very long route .
It takes you very long time to get to your destination .
If you have a car you can get to your destination in a short time .
Our town takes care of the enviremont of our neighbourhood very seriously .
There are many places where you can throw away your rubbish .
On these sites there are different kinds of containers for all sorts of rubbish which you can collect at home .
Like glass , plastic or paper -containers .
The centre of our town , where the supermarket is , does also have a site for dumping your rubbish .
In the supermarket you can find a container for batteries .
Not only the supermartket has these containers , they are also in the schools of the neighbourhood .
In my opinion this gives a good example of the involness of the local government .
Another point where I 'm pleased about is that our town is kept clean by a special group of employees of our community .
This happens weekly .
They walk around in all the streets and pick up all the dumped material .
This makes our neighbourhood a pleasant place to be .
For the last I can say that they not also put containers for all your rubbish , but even special containers in the parks for the the dogs their ' pooh ' .
So this helps that the children could play in a much cleaner park .
Studying overseas is not only changing condition , but also facing many sorts of unknown pressure .
Roughly speaking , there are three causes of pressure .
First of all , the biggest problem is studying .
It is not easy to adapt a new learning environment , the language is the biggest difficulty .
Students have to do assignments with another language and use different thinking manner .
The second problem could be from peers ' stresses .
The culture shock is that international students need to overcome .
Students want to make new local friends , but cultural customs and taboos could be a problem to be noticed and adapt .
Lastly , the problem is from students themselves .
Leaving comfort zone , and everything is fresh .
Students have to confront and get over every challenge .
As family and friends do not accompany , students must do a lot from basic living to future studies .
It is hard to live overseas alone , Therefore , making friends from the same country can assist one another .
Besides , attempting open mind .
To get along with international friends is a great way to expand horizon .
About me !
Hey , my name is Mathias .
I was born in Danderyds hospital but lived in Stockholm , when I was four I moved to Danderyd .
I have a big brother , he 's 14 and goes on friberga as well his name is Ulric in 8f2 .
My favorite activity is football , it 's very funny to play it with all my friends , I also like to play floorball but it is n't as fun as football .
I also like to play video games I play with my friends , my favourite games is FIFA , NHL , GTAV and some other .
I have lived in stockholm , and in two houses in Danderyd but no more places .
I do n't know which is the best plays I have been in but New York was cool , but I actually like Fårö most is an island next to gotland and I have been there since I was 0 years .
We always rent a little cottages from a sheep farmer and now we know his family .
We always goes to the beach which is very nice and when it 's sunny and warm is better than the Mediterranean .
I do n't know what I 'm proud of but when I do a nice goal i gets proud because it 's feel good especially when it 's an important goal that maybe change the game .
I would like to be the best football player in the world , a Youtuber or take over a big company .
It often hard to go up in the morning , I always think just one more minute and then I fall asleep .
I asked my parents and they said ambitious , curious and considerate .
I do n't know if I can agree to that but I listened to them . :)
I do n't know what I like people to know about me .
That I have been dancing for two years but I stopped because I did n't had time .
I would like to play a World Cup game and I also want to win champions league .
I do n't have a favourite movie , I like many but the movies I like the most is funny and action .
I do n't read so much books .
I like a lot of songs but I think it 's Let 's Do It Again with J Boog because I like the singer 's voice , it 's a soft song and it 's easy to sing to .
I also like Stolen Dance with Milky Chance because it 's a soft song .
I do n't only like soft music I also like pop music and house music .
I like to watch South Park it 's really funny and I have almost seen every 17 seasons I also like to watch youtube videos every day .
I like a lot of food but the most meat food is good and pizza .
My favourite restaurant most have good meat and be really nice .
My favourite memories must be every summer on Fårö .
To : Tourist Office
From : ELiza Anna
Subject : Shopping facilities
Report on the shopping facilities in Katowice
Introduction
The aim of this report is to describe and assess shops , which could be interesting for tourists .
The majority of people visiting Katowice are focused on three matters : sovenirs , fashion and food .
Souvenirs
It seems that there is not many places in city center where you can find souvenirs like postcards or books about the history of Katowice .
Fortunately , visitors would find all of that in the Tourist Information Ofiice and in shops on the outskirts .
The one , which is really worthy to see is " Kato - Sovenirs " .
They provide all sorts of funny local gadgets .
Fashion
My favorite sport is football .
It 's the most popular sport all over the world .
I enjoy it because it 's well known and easy to find partners to play with .
Watching football is also a wonderful experience .
My favorite international league is the English premiere league .
My advice to anyone who will start this sport is to start it early and play it regularly not to loose fitness .
Also joining a team will be a great idea .
The environment is an important part of our life contributing in a positive way in our part of life without even concern about important parts for us to survive .
Humans can easily damage the environment just throw their waste without recycling or ruin the places where animals are living .
Deforest the woods can damage the cycle of nature .
Without forest ca n't be animals and the human being can disappear .
Some people do n't even care and just the do n't to earn money deforests the trees and sell to do furniture .
They even are not plant other trees .
I notice that in supermarkets are using so much plastic just to cover a small thing or are using many plastic bags without even think how vulnerable is for the environment .
I used to live for a short time in a place where word recycle was completely ignored but they used to this because that was n't so rich .
Where I live now I noticed that have the opportunity to recycling the waste because it is a posh area .
In my opinion I think the government should take care of all area , even is a poor or rich area .
The pollution has a negative contribution to the environment .I saw on television that wild birds are healthier in rural area than birds from urban area .
Birds from urban area is difficult for them to find a proper food instead .
Some people from area which I live they used to feed the birds but others they do n't even care .
To keep all the nature alive we must contribute everyone of us for future generation .
Travelling by car is more comfortable than public transport , easier and faster .
you can go by your car and at any time , but you ca n't by public transport .
you must not wait for your car but you must wait the public transport .
you do not pay any fees to travel by your car .
The aim today is to provide you with the description of a best friend .
Kike is my best friend , I met him when we were studying in the primary school , then we were six or seven years old .
Afterward , we went to do study at different schools , so , we were separated fro ten years .
Moving on to the physical description , I want to talk about that Kike is a man really high , his height is 1,95 meters .
He has a strong voice . that with his appearance , looks him impressive .
Concerning his personality , he is very friendly , generous , optimistic , playful and sensitive .
So , he is a hard warking , he is lawyer and always help me with all my professional problemns .
I want to turn to his hobbies , when he is n't working , he is riding on a bike ,
every evening he takes the bike and rides across some paths for more than forty kilometers by day , so he is very good rider and its quite strong to ride with him .
To conclude I want to say that I 'm the godfather of his eldest son .
My wife is a very special person to me , I like her very mush .
I met her in University 20 years ago , She is 4 years younger than me .
She is in her 30s .
She is tall , Slim and straight .
In addition to that She has a pretty face , dark skin , black eyes and long brown hair .
She is very kind , sensitive and quiet She also has an attractive personality and a big heart but she is very nervous .
She makes a great food to us , I like to cook with her and eat from her hand ;
She always work hard for our family .
I like to go out with her , walking and talking .
Young people are the most interested in fashion and computer games .
Girls usually follow the fashion blogger and the fashion magazine .
Boys like following channel on youtube .
They like take pattern modeled on older people , who are popular on the Internet .
Teenagers are interested in music too .
They like exchange their opinions about new star .
People who are fan clubs interested in touring their idols .
In this age people like being better than their friends and they like distinguish oneself .
Hi , my name is John Keats and I 'm aged 21 .
I am writing to apply for your job offer .
I have already worked in summer camps in France and in Italy for children aged 7 - 13 . I am cheerful , energetic and hardworking .
I usually work in the kitchens so it does not bother me .
Moreover , I am willing to help organize sports or evening activities .
Moreover , I do like looking after children .
For instance , I take care of my nephews once a month because nowadays my brother is often busy .
I can go all over the USA without any problems and I can help the staff to get around if needed since I have the driving license .
Therefore I think that I am the suitable person for the job .
yesterday night , i went to a restaurant with my family ..
l love the place , nice decoration of restaurant .
the waiter come to us and took the order .
my family ordered the dinner but l ordered specially pizza and coke because l love pizza .
we ate the food and enjoyed a lot .
l love that day spent with my family ..
l wish l have come at weekends with my family and friends .
This report is about how my city takes care of the environment .
The evolution of my city is more or less similar to the evolution of my country .
I am living in the center of Spain , in a small city .
When I was child , my city was dirty because people were throwing their rubbish on the floor .
However , a few years ago the government has paid more attention to the environment to our country ; for example they made a lot of advertisement on televion , in newspapers and on the internet to explain that the rubbish is not good for our world .
Nowadays , we can see in all street a lot of bins and it is difficult to see rubbish on the floor because many people are cleaning the city .
Also , children must clean their school once a month .
These types of actions produce good habits in our society .
In the future , we must do an effort to improve our environment because we will want to give the same world or if it is possible a better world than before to our sons .
No body can deny that transportation is one of the most important things in our life .
No country can live without transportation as it 's the real meaning of connection between each other .
Cars are much convenient but this not mean that all other means of transportation are not important .
sometimes many people want to travel faraway along distances so they need planes .
other people prefer to travel by trains as it 's faster and more comfortable than cars .
Many countries like to travel by bikes in order to decrease the pollution which happened by car exhausted.to my point of view i prefer travelling by cars which is more comfortable .
Now in every country we have lot of transportation means as planes , trains , undergrounds , cars , ships , and rockets .
public transportation is the mean reason to delivery people everywhere in a small time . in the past the had to use camels to travel which waste lot of time and tiredness .
Today our life is running by clock .
We need a vehicle to reach our work place .
If we use our public transport services .
we may be late to office / working place .
So we must use the personal vehicle .
Everybody thinking like the public transport is not comfort for us , but environmentally the public transport is suitable to decrease the pollution and our energy sources also decrease .
In Lublin is a beautiful castle .
It is my favourite place in Lublin .
It is located next to the Old Town .
It was built in twelfth century .
The castle 's look is in the Neo - Gothic style .
At the castle is Holy Trinty Chapel .
It is in a Gothic style .
It was built as a foundation of King Casimir the Great .
This is one of the most valuable monuments in Poland .
There is a tower by the castle in the Roman style .
This tower is a precious monument of roman art and it is one of the oldest building in the Lublin .
It was a part of the borough castellan .
Castle also has a courtyard .
Now on the castle is a museum .
It to belong to the oldest and the biggest museums in eastern Poland .
This museum has a monuments of the superiority .
In my opinion it 's the one of the most fascinating place in Poland and the most wonderful site in Lublin . I think that everyone should visit this castle .
The restaurant that I will talk is Woody Pool .
Woody Pool is in Spain .
This restaurant has a good atmosphere because it is always people laughing and talking about funny things .
The food in this restaurant is very good and has a subnormal size because it is much bigger than the useful food .
The famous dishe of this restaurant is a huge hamburgure
This restaurant will be an amazing place to the call meet there because like I said before the atmosphere and food are amazing .
In my opinion , public transport will become more and more important in the future . Travelling by car maybe is convenient , but it also brings air pollution and traffic jams .
If in a city there were only cars , the city would n't afford enough parking lots and roads , all the cars would jam the city , and people would n't get their destinations .
On the other hand , cars need more gasoline than buses which let out CO2 and other kinds of waste gases into the air , leading to the serious air pollution .
So , what we need is to devote much more money and time to improve the public transport .
Public transport will have bright future ; on the contrary , travelling by car will vanish from our life .
My favorite way is Train .
Plane is most fastest in another way to travel .
However , plane is most dangerous way to travel .
Boat is the most cheapest in another way to travel .
However , boat is most slowest way to travel .
So , train is intermidiate way to tarvel .
My favourite sport is boxing .
Because I like boxing .
I like fight , because I like to hit someone .
I start this sport when I was 11 years old , my dad let me go to box and I start that sport .
Then I started to go with my friends .
I started leading trener in the competition and I love this sport .
My favourite boxer is Floyd Mayweather .
He is very good on this sport .
Today , the people use more cars , which leads to more cars on the street , traffic and pollution .
I think is better the idea that the people to use public transportation instead of using private cars or motorcycles
Firstly , people do not have to buy their own cars .
Accordingly , people do not have to spend lots of money on gas that they have to fill the tank .
Also , they do not have to find a place for parking as well .
Therefore , these are the reasons why I agree with the form to lower the congestion and air pollution by encourage people to use less private cars and turn to use more public transportation and other forms for transportation
It was a cold day at night when I was at home watching my favourite programme on my telly called " dare to win " , I was with my brother , when we decided to call , The programme is about questions for the contestants that must be answer in correct time , and there is a different things for the winner .
A few minutes later we were listening ourselves in the programme , we were so nervous but it was exciting for us , our goal in the programme was get a free ticket for the most popular electronic party in the world .
Despite our nervous we did it well ! and our dream come true , yeah , we 'll be glowing in the dark !
Funding for the English Language Club
As the secretary of the English Language club I am writing you this proposal to persuade you as to why it would benefit both the students , and the college if we would receive funding from you .
Dear sir or madam ,
I am writing to aplaay for the job in the USA , published in an advertisement , last Monday .
I had recently finished my course of english in Cambridge , also I have a fresh and improve English .
In order to help organising on sports and evening activities , I am a young person of 12 years old .
Many people say that there is no future for public transport as cars are now so much cheaper and easier to buy .
Additionally , because public transport is expensive and does not have a comprehensive coverage of most cities private cars are more attractive for most poeple .
Dear Bob .
I went to our new shopping centre last week at the downtown .
Actually I am very happy to tell you that we have a lot of new stores , including apple 's store .
Long ago we had no stores to buy products or whatever were our needs .
However from now one we can buying what we really need , on the other hand this shopping may help a lot of people get back working again .
A few weeks ago I went into apple 's store , so that I bought a new mobile phone , it is awesome because it has reliable tools which allows me doing my daily working .
Some people say that a tripp by car is more convenient that by the public transportation , but that statement has a lot of issues if we think about the limitations .
It is true that travel to a nearby place from your city , it is more comfortable getting there by car , and the ease of have your car to get wherever you want without spending money and time paying cabs .
But , the public transportation have a lot of future bacase a lot of reassons , first the time , if the place you want to reach finally is really far the different type of vehicles of public transportation will get you there faster than your car , also the complications about the field , like if you want to go from America to Europe there is no highway that cross the ocean you need an airplane and unless you have one , you will can not reach travel between continents with your car , a different reasson is politics , because if you want to go from anywhere in the USA to Alaska you will not need to pass through Canada , the commodity is a really important reasson because drive for 8 hours is exhausting and it will be unsafe also , the economics is a factor to , because the attrition of your car it will be more that in the normal use and the price of food and extra stops that you will need to do , it will be expensive that in public transportation .
In conclusion , for me it is a lie that the public transportation has no future , however , they have to make improvements to this like the use of better ways of fuel or energy , one way is using renovable sources of energy such as solar , haeolic ( wind ) or hidraulic(water),Also there are biodisel , and gasoline extracted from seaweed .
And the public transportation will be more important in a few years than now .
Dear Anne . Thank for your letter asking about my fmily and my Friends .
Saying that , my family is the best and they love me much .
I have a father , a mother and a brother .
My brother lives in Barcelona with him girlfriend and he is very happy with her .
I live with my parents in Lagartera and I am very happy as they help me .
Also , I have very Friends .
They are wonderful because they are always when I need them .
Nowadays , It is possible to find any kind of Tvs programmes you want and yes , I consider that there is very much sport on television , but , not too much .
The way of life of people has began more and more stressful .
When somedoby to get at home he wants only relax in front of Television .
Besides this , Tvs companies have understood sports provides this relaxess moment , mainly for men .
Then It put on Televison more and more sports programmes .
In this view , I consider , though , there is lots of sports on Televison , they are not too much , because the people have looke for it .
In conclusion , I think that Tvs companies only want to sell their product and the people want to have their relax moment with the sports programmes .
Last summer , we went to Córdoba to attend a very important dance competition ...
We left from our city on Monday , and we arrived Carlos Paz on Thursday .
We stayed in one of the most beautiful hotels in that place , with a nice view and with nice people around .
When the day came , we performed an amazing coreography and we went back home with 3 gold medals .
We really enjoyed this experience , just because we shared it as friends and we took dance lessons with the most professional and privileged dance teachers of the world .
The album American Beauty/ American psycho is the sixth album released this year by the well - known American rock band Fall out boy that has a huge followers in several countries .
The album with eleven tracks that reach top one , won a gold and silver certifications for the best - selling in diverse countries as the USA , Canada and the UK .
This American band is known for their lyrics that hold something different from other the bands something close to a emocional statement .
Even in this albums that the band abandon their own root and add a bite of the pop genre in it .
I really recommend this album because of the lyrics and the sound because it catch you , almost like a great poetry .
I agree with the statement that people 's live will change dramatically in the next years , for previsible reasons that I will explain in following text .
Firstly , the biggest reason that people 's live will extremely change in the future is because of technology .
Technology is increasing in all the world .
New technology has improve systems in many areas society , mainly in Information Systems .
The Information trhough of the Internet , had beem each day more quickly and it is reaching all parts of the world .
Furthermore the things and process is in evolution .
Life of people is turning easiest and comfortable .
On industries , the big machines is making new products for our welfare .
Although , the advancement of technology , besides than bring advantages for everyone , it 's also will cause disadvantages , such as unemployment because machines will make the same or work better than humans .
that 's why I agree that people 's live will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
USA Summer Camp , I am interested in he vacancy of the summer camp .
I 'm cheerfully , diligently and organized person .
And also I love children .
I am accustomed to work with children because the last two summers I worked in summer camps and I have two little sisters that I love them and which I spent a lot of hours take care of them .
I am a hardworking and a committed person in all aspects .
They are the reason why I 'm great for these job .
Also the last summers helped me to be preparing on more things that the children demand children .
For an example I learned about the organization , how control big groups of children , and entertaining activities for children .
I hope you get interested In my application .
I will be waiting for your answer and thank you for the time .
Nowadays , cost to buy a car that can take the whole family is not expensive anymore .
Car is not an expensive thing to have anymore .
As we know , the privilege having a travel by car is more convenient than by public transport .
We could stop in everywhere we want to stop .
We could visit every places with no limitation time .
If there was someone who asked me " What is your favorite sport ? and why are you enjoy it ? " I would tell that my favorite sport is soccer and it could let me know how important the team work is and I could always feel that there was a kind of power , like someone putting me into the water from the high place , to push me running and kicking the ball .
I had to say that feeling was really awesome .
It made me feel like that happiness is running through out my body .
I will suggest people who want to starting this sport , first you must find five to six friends to make a team , and then look for other friends to make another team , so that you can fight with other to get the score .
second , all you have to do is warm your body , if you do n't warm it before the race you might hurt yourself .
Third all you can do is play for fun with your friends .
what is it the best ?
Public transport , our cars or natural transport as a bike .
My techer said that public transport has not future in our society , because travelling by car si so much more adecuate , never the less I am disagree with her opinion because if we use public tranposrt we will pollute less .
No one can deny the importance of travelling .
Without travelling people would be very bored , life would be very monotunes .
So , in the future we will dispense of types of transportation .
In these days , we use cars to travel between countries .
Cars are very easy to use .
People ca n't dispense of cars these days .
Families ca n't dispense of cars .
So we should know the right way to drive .
We should be careful when we drive .
We should be careful from careless drivers .
We have searched to find the model of 300 kw turbine on Zafrana and we did n't find 300 Kw turbine in zafrana .
The Capacity of used wind turbines on zafrana is 600 kw , 680 kw and 850 kw according to this site .
We searched and found the 300 kw turbine is installed on Ras Ghareb on Red Sea not on Zafrana and Its model is Nordtank NTK 300 .
which capacity and model we will work on it ?
Nowdays people are using cars alot .
In the past , it was n't like that , people had not had cars , they were only rely on puplic transport .
They had no chose , because life was difficult , no money .
There were not company cars.but now most people have cars .
There are a few people are using puplic transport , like students and someone had low income.in my veiw , i can say might be the puplictransport going to e close because nobody is going to beclose
Last week my class and another one went to a school tripin Sicily .
We visited many cities like Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and Trapani , and we saw a lot of monuments of Greek history .
We stayed in three different hotels and one day , we went also to the sea in Giardini Naxos .
The best thing I saw was the Valley of the temples , because there were a lot of ancient temples and monuments and ruines and they were really beautifuland also the panorama was amazing !
That day , there was a great time and it was sunny and hot ; I took a lot of photos and I learned new particulars about these important buildings .
It was a fantastic trip and I hope to do similar trips like this !
people are interested in everything unknown , mysterious and incredible .
they are looking for new experiences .
Nowadays , a very popular topic among teenagers is existence cosmic creatures .
To be honest I do n't believe in Ufo .
on the world recorded a lot of cases where the ufo was seen .
ufo story started already in antiquity .
on the walls of caves are sketches and paintings which show strange creatures and flying sauceres .
universe is colossaling and still we are knowing little about it .
maybe we do n't be alone and ufo exist ?
in addition more and more scientists agree with alien really exist
I am person that like going to do exercise , for this reason I like practise some sports , but the truth is that my favorite sport all around the world is the soccer .
I believe that play soccer is an excellent activity , because in every game that the people can like always has to exist some rules .
This kind of rules are very important , in my opinion , because when you do an activity and comply with the rules you are being a better person .
He is important person because he is a president of government in Spain .
He is very ambitious and polite .
He has been done several laws again Spanish citiziens .
He studied at University a Degree in Law .
When Aznar was president of government before he , he was like minister .
I have played this sport for twelve years ago this sport has taught me to respect the other not assault to him.there is the only reason that makes me choose this sport is I do n't want to be weak I would n't like to be nothing in this country that has a rule Strong dominated the weak.when I put my feet in the gym i forget everything shcool , home ... therefore I enjoy it .
I ca n't imagine my life without taekwondo it is my blood , my soul.taekwondo it is not a violent sport as many people say but what you have to know is what in the brain and the heart of players .
I just get the 1st degree international black belt and I would like to tell to anyone he just starting this sport use your abilities and skills for the right things .
A story
This is my old brother 's story .
One day , my old brother went to park where we often go to play tennis , he saw a boy who held a red hat cried on the branch , not knowing what to do , he stranded behind a big tree and looked at the boy .
A few minutes ago , some boy who looks like elderly than my old brother closed to the poor little boy , the little boy stopped cried , he looked on some boy , my brother felt afraid because they look like rube , but he still wanted help the little boy .
Suddenly , a rube boy grabbed the little boy 's clothes , the little boy was cried loudly , my brother was outrege , ran to the rube boy and attached him .
The little boy more and more sadly , tears rolled down from his eyes , my brother pity him , he gave the little boy his smartphone and open a good music , the little boy stopped to cried and started to smiled .
Evening , the little boy 's mother took him home , he told his mother that what happens today , his mother smiled to my brother , and took the little boy gone , my brother smiled and went home .
It was a sunny day like every day Sara woke up and had a breakfast with her children then she went to her job .
When she had arrived her office she had a phone call from the hospital .
They told her that her brother had a car accident first of all she shocked
Then she went quickly to the train station and she bought ticket to London when she was in the train she had other phone cell .
They told her that she has to bring $ 100,000 so they can do the surgery to her brother
The woman 's name was Sara .
She came from a poor family and she lives with her children .
Her husband was dead a long time ago .
in a car accident , when she her what happened with her brother she was so nervous then the miracle happened she found a big suitcase in the train she decided to open the bag because no one was in the train so she opened the bag she surprised when she saw a lot of money inside the bag .
however she took the half of the money because of her brother .
After that she went to the hospital
and paid the money for her brother surgery .
The surgery was successful .
Chichen - Itza is one of the seven wonders of the world .
It is located in Yucatan , Mexico .
It is very important as per this was a city and a very important ceremonial center .
The Kukulkan tower is the must important part of this place .
There are other areas like " El juego de pelota " this means the Ball Game , there is also a very important " Cenote " where they used to sacrificed pretty young girls to their goods .
Our Future 's Lives :
The past already happened , we can not change it .
The future we do not know what 's coming .
But the present we live it , we live the moment and benefit from it at the maximum .
If you ask someone about the future , answers will be different but all will be around two main topics , Those last are either optimist future or pessimist one .
As far as I am concerned .
I do believe that people 's lives in the future will change toward the bad .
No because I am pessimist but due to several factors and condition allow me to divulgue my opinion .
Firstly , we are living in unstable world .
It is true that every day we have new innovation which help people and make their life more easier .
But from life 's experiences we can learn that the hidden target of human is not to help each other to lessen the burden of life .
Human are looking for a power and they are applying forest law , The stongest beat the weakest .
To illustrate .
There are a categorisation of countries , there are developed countries , emerged one and on the way of development countries .
Who classified those countries like this ?
whare the critria of this ranking ? and ...
These questions and a lot of queries of many people looking for convenient answer .
Hence , The above indicates details support the idea that there will be a change in people 's lives but in negative side .
In addition , A general vision on the human innovation show that the majority of people creations have bad effect , this effect exist even in people 's lives or themselves .
And unfortunately this bad impact exist almost in all lives filed .
For example .
Chemical drugs can help peolple to heal and improve from diseases but have another hidden effect .
This effect always leaves people suffering later after the usage .
Therefore , The afformentioned information above show that our future can be worse than our present .
To summarize , People 's life knows a fast change and development , but generally this evolution affecting people .
Should live in stabele and peaceful world .
We must stop all wars , conflict and impose human beings principls and values .
The restaurant I 'm going to review is called Tintos y Rubias and is located in downtown Montevideo .
It is specialized in barbecue , beers and wines .
The infrastructure of the place is quite wide and in the front side you can see a huge welcome sign .
The restaurant has a rustic design and it has outdoor tables .
The service provided by the restaurant is exceptional for example , the waiting time is very short .
And it is very well ordered .
In terms of food quality the level is extraordinary , they are well known for their roast meat .
There will be a future for public transport .
Petrol will run out in a few years .
We can produce electricity by creating wind wheels and water wheels .
Trains are going to be used evermore .
Public transport is going to be used more than ever .
There wo n't be enough space on the roads for cars one day .
There is a hotly debated issue of that whether student should take at least one year to work or travel before they go to university .
And the topic of people 's view can be approached from different angles due to its complexity .
Some people prefer this " gap year " theory while others seem to prefer disagree .
After careful considering this issue , I also develop my own points of view .
I favor the former statement , that is , I think student should have a gap year before they go to university , based on n1 , n2 .
Dear teacher ,
I agree with you about the future for public transport .
I am sure that there is a good future for it .
Every day , the combustible that we get to our cars is more expensive than use the public transport .
Nowadays , people use their cars to move for work , for holidays ...... but if the petroleo were cheaper , they could travelled very much .
It could be a good idea if the taxes were cheaper than the taxes of other things such a tobacco , alcohol ....
Thus , people could spend their free time travelling and having a good time .
what do you think about that ?
although traveling by car is really interesting but still using public transport has its advantages , by using public transport you 're saving effort when driving a car for along distance you will get tired , some people do n't have enough money to buy their own car .
I saw you uploading the cat into the glass bottle in Facebook .
I want to give you a few words .
Maybe you just think it 's fun but it 's been a good cause for your cat because of you 're joking .
If you want to raise animals , you must take care of it , love it and treat it like a family .
Although it is not human , they also have feelings .
You raise it once , it would regard you as the owner .
You are only relying on it .
I hope you will decide to cats do not let it hurt in future .
Furthermore , you abuse cat has violated not only the ethics but also the law .
I hope you can take down photos of being abused the cat and you can really reflect . Do n't repeat the same mistakes .
To keep the cat is not a simple matter which need to real love and good care .
So you decided to keep the cat must be the best , you can spend more time with the cat .
At any time to pay attention to the cat has not been sick .
The holiday you can go for a walk with a cat .
It is not difficult to do the thing .
As long as you are determined , you will be able to become a good master .
The diagrams below show the five stages aboout the process of making bank notes .
Design is the first stage , which contains three parts : background , artwork and security issues .
After preparing of metal plates by skilled machinists , it takes sheets of bank .There are three requirements fot it : colour on both sides , special ink and images slighty raised .
The most important step is Inspection : printed sheets manually inspected .
if you apply job like this must be the person who already been applied this job USA SUMMER CAMPS
Why should I took at this job ?
Because , I really love to work with people all of ages , and I would like to appreciate have this post and I 'm energetic and hardworking person .
Therefore , to look after children aged 8 - 12 years old is n't easy task , but as a father or parent you must always given them good care in terms of your responsibilities .
Working in the kitchens means to do all about i.e cleaning and washing the floors .
beast regards
There is no future for public transport , that is true , but I think that people are very comfortable and do n't think about the environment .
On the other hand , the public transport is the cheapest way to travel , although people do n't think of that aspect .
Secondly , you can drive your car everywhere , It does n't matter what time it is or where you would like to go . Travelling by car is much more convenient and comfortable than travelling by bus , by subway or by train .
In your car you can put inside all bags that you want to take .
These aspects or advantages are that I can say about this topic .
Hello .
My name is Anna , I am a very cheerful person and I have a creative personality so I enjoy planning activities or organise sport events in a special and colorful way .
I really love childrens and take care of them , I also had an experience of working in summer camps and have a good experience doing delicious food because I already did this stuff in other camps .
I think that I gave good reasons and I hope that you will accept me .
Goodbye , Anna .
cell phone
I chose this invention that I think that helped to humanity to communicate more easily ,
Motorola It was the first doing something to a mobile phone was on 3 April 1973 the first to do so was an employee of Martin Cooper
Cooper made mobile phone history in April 1973 when he made the first ever call on a handheld mobile phone
After that , with the new technology they could invent new and better dispositives for the needs of users
" taken from https://www.uswitch.com/mobiles/guides/history-of-mobile-phones/ "
Dear diary
Today was a good day , not every day is as good as this was .
It stared with that a woke up around seven a clock and i was n't tired at all .
I walked out to the kitchen and saw my mother cooking breakfast for me .
It smelld terrific , and teasted so good .
It was panncakes and egg with bacon .
After that i polyeder with my brothers out in the garden .
They usaly do n't wan to be with me bit today we played all day long .
It was so funny and i could n't stopp smilling .
The weather was Aldo good today , the sun was shining and there were no clouds in the sky .
EstiNet Technologies Inc. provides reliable technical supports to our valued customers .
Technical support can be provide through emails , telephone calls , or video conferencing .
Different levels of technical supports can be arranged and purchased at different prices .
My wife and I went to Ushuaia for four days but at the second day we realised that my wife had forgotten her glasses so we decided to come back .
When we arrived there were a lot of Matias'friends in our house listening loudly music , playing games and drinking .
We told them that had to leave our house immediately .
When everyone was out , we told of Matias because he organised a party without our permission .
He told us that he was really embarrassed about what had happened and he apologysed for her attitude
In my opinion , in future people do n't be used public transport .
It will be not tredy because everybody will have his own car .
These cars will be used alternative energy , for example energy of the Sun .
The modern science try to find new , more economic sources by energy .
do you have best friend in your life ?
what the meaning of friend ?
friend is people who will be there in your hard time and happy time , and friend is always encourage you all things you choose in your life .
friend is also be there when you sad and worse time . there is not ex'friend so respect your friend and they will more respect to you .
Secondly , the student have a good body shape can easily to make new friends , and joining a sports team allows students to maintain good body shape .
For instances , the students joining the sports team needs to do some basic physical training to maintain their body shape .
According , the boy or girl have strong muscles can let them look more attractive .
Therefore , the student joining a sport team can maintain good body shape and it will let student become easier to make new friends .
Peter looked at his watch and knew he had to do something immediately .
It is said that when you survive to a situation which has made you be at the limit , you change .
And you can never return to be the one you used to be .
You are no more the person that people have expected .
But you do n't care about it .
Every hard situation may be got over easily when you make a big effort .
Peter has been thinking about this secret party for months since the time he knew his mother was healed .
He was taking care of her so that he was prevented from going to university .
He had to refuse to all his dreams suddenly .
However , the destiny has given him another chance to follow them .
Despite his strange behaviour , Peter 's mum did n't expect it at all .
She felt blessed as she was given such a perfect son .
It is said to happen once in life .
Peter has been kissed by her mum before , but this time was quite different .
Maybe he did n't notice it at all , but it was a farewell .
Now Peter could fly on his own .
Environment is the combination of air , earth , water forest and all these are interlinked with each other .
Most importantly , all species of animals and human being are the part of this ecosystem .
Human is the most wise and intelligent from all of these .
However , he is mainly responsible for disturbing this ecosystem with various activities .
Lets talk about one of them , that is ' cleanliness ' Nowadays , we all know that we are spreading the garbage near our houses and offices .
This may be due to people are not aware about consequences of this bad habit- spreading the rubbish .
But , in these days , with education , people are becoming more sensible and responsible towards the environment .
In the same line , dwellers of my village are doing lots of work to make their area clean and hygiene .
They collect house hold waste in a dustbin and put off with proper standard procedure .
They collect and segregate the rubbish in separate containers .
For example , they collect plastic waste in yellow dustbin while , liquid and solid , degradable waste in red container .
This makes easy and convenient to identify the waste types .
To conclude , I would like to say that nowadays people are becoming more aware and conscious towards environment through education .
Today in my class there was a discussion on television education .
Television is an object that help people to know the news in real time .
There are advantages and disadvantages ; television can also cause an dipendence , cartoons and " stupid " program can damage mostly young people .
Today there are many children that have the dipendence on television , they prefer to stay at home to watch the various child tv programs , while once our parents preferred hang out with your friends .
Television can be a useful strument if it is used with caution , accordingly I recommend use less it for prevent damage to the mental level .
I am concerned about pollution .
This issue has became a big problem to solve .
In order to help reduce contamination I take acction from the three " R".reduce , reuse and recycle as so I am more and more ecofriendly .
I reduce use of innecesary power at home , in other words , I turn on light that I need for the while i use it;I take less warm shower ; I hit only neccesary rooms .
In order to reuse , I convert all thing reusable , for example , plastic bottle as a plant pot ; glass bottle as a food container;I bring my reusable shopping bag and refuse to use a shopping plastic if a salemen offer me to bring .
Recycling is another way to be ecologist .
Today , we have more item to recycle as long as we clean properly and put in a proper bin , which will be use it by specialized factory in another item .
As long as i try to keep doing thing on a ecofriendly way i realize that i am give a little from my side and i feel careful of my environment .
Hello!!How are you ! !
I am going to Spain to visit my grandparents .Then I am going to Paris to look forward my aunt .
Next I am going to Italy to see the PAPA.If you want I am going to Barcelona to go with you .
See you soon ! !
PD : we have to meet
Hï Jo ,
In my opinion , it is a good idea about you spend some time travelling because you will have an opportunity to think about your future but in my city because of the crisis there is very little work for everyone .
Here , there are monuments , churches or famous people and perhaps to you in the future you would like to become a history teacher .
Although now that the holidays are coming you need people to help and ride the amusement park or the lights of the fair .
If you come to Linares could amuse you and if you come forward to work can do it
You have to come here because Holy Week in Linares is nice and the show is spectacular and if you want to have fun and I like the bulls
I hope to see you soon
Sonia
Hi Sara ,
It was great to hear from you .
It 's a very difficult decision for me too .
But if you want to decide , I 'll intend to help you .
On the one hand , you need a sport to keep fit .
On the other hand , music is the best for relaxing and enjoy .
Well , I think you should n't give up either .
You can devote more time to do both .
If I were you , I would go running at the morning and I would go to music classes after lunch .
So , you can do both .
I hope this help you and you will take the best decision .
Lots of love
Fira
I agree this affirmation because the public transport is more expensive than car , is slow and is less economic .
the car is less expensive , more confortable , more fast and more security .
every time the car is more utilized and more economic .
in my opinion the car more advantageous than car and the car is more useful
To my mind this mind not right .
First of all travelling by car is very expensive .
For example travelling by train is cheaper and travelling by plain is faser .
Secondly it 's not comfortable.becouse you every day drives instead of relaxing and enjoy the enviroment
Using public transport has certain advantages and also , disadvantages .
It is said that people prefer going by bus to a close place , but some of then do n't think the same .
The public transport has plenty of advantages .
Some people ca n't afford to buy a car or to pay for oil , as it is constantly rising , so using a public transport is an economic way to travel .
On the other hand it helps to reduce the polution made by cars , ..
Besides , it will be always useful for people ca n't drive .
Many people admit that if they could buy a car , they would do it .
The reason is they are tired of using public transport and they would get earlier to everywhere .
In the future , cars would be so cheap than everyone will have one , thus , it will take up the end of the public transport .
To sum up , I would say that people will use more and more public transport , as the oil is getting expensive .
The picture illustrate the progrocess of making notes .
There includes some most important steps .
Design is the first and the most important process .
It is the first step that costs troublesome , some things must be included the considerations , such as background colour , artwork , security issues .
Then , preparation of mental plates and skilled machinists are the needments .
Printing is the next step , .Usually , sheets of bank notes printed , because there are some special require for the printing , solour of both sides , special ink , images slightly raised .
The last step is the inspertion , sheete manually inspected .
The inspection always have three results , the good quality sheets , the bad sheet or the partially damaged sheets .
If the print sheets has good quality , they will packing and distribution.some partially damaged will cut into separate or packede or dispatched .The bad sheets will disposal , the destroyed will be secure .
My favorite sport is swimming .
I goes swimming since 1998 , when I had ten years old .
I like swimming because I feel a good sensation and my health is good .
Actually I not practice because I am not time , But a feel miss !
Now I go to the gym and practice weight lifting three Times A week , Exercises aerobics every days and yoga two times a week !
I every feel very well after come back the gym .
Often I go to the gym with my friend , Vanessa ,
But when she ca n't go I go Alone .
I always go !
My cough is very friendly and help me
The television is one of the most important AV media in the world .
You can use it for many purposes , according to your needs .There are a lot of channels in many roles , for instance , education , movies , songs , sports , news and so on .The television is not only for entertainment but also for education .The television can entertain you through it 's entertained channels , and the television can educate you through it 's educational channels .
At this time and age , most of the people have their own car or vehicle for their transportation .
It is also make convenient for people who are rushing time to work , meeting and so on .
However , I have no agree with this statement because the public transport is needed for someone who are no have vehicle or economic downturn .
Public transport is cheap and friendly for environment .
firstly , the fare of public transport is cheaper compared with buying a new car .
The person that do not have to save large amount of money to buy the car .
They can use the money in more useful or meaningful way such as investment property .
The fare of public transport is less than own vehicle when compared fare of bus to fulfill whole tank of oil .
Some more they are needed to pay a parking fee for parking .
Secondly , air pollution is a serious problem nowadays .
Because of everybody has to leave for another place through their own car and carbon dioxide released from the car .
The public transport is a way to reduce the air pollution because it can carry more than a dozen times the people in a time and reduce their own vehicle .
So , it can also help to reduce the traffic jam problem .
Lastly , public transport that are always blamed by the people that are slowly and trouble than own vehicle .
Although the public transport is slow but it also do not take a long time of people to reach their destination because public transport nowadays are developed more fast and enough .
In conclusion , public transport is needed for everybody in a necessary time .
It always can make us save the money and make the environment more nature and fresh .
Nowadays , the space for countries enlarges , instead of which , the area for farmland , forests and wetland is getting smaller .
This kind of situation brings all kinds of problems to mankind and animals .
The large - scale building projects took the space which should belong to the animals .
The food for them and their living space might not be enough .
Some kinds of animals would move to the urban area , steal the food from us and sleep on the streets or in the underground .
However , most of them might be arrested .only a little number of them might be adopted by those friendly human .
On the other hand , the expansion of city increase pollution of all kinds of garbage . The air pollution is much more serious now , and watching the blue sky is almost impossible in some big cities .
Although the medical skills get stronger , the percentage of people who get cancer is still improving .
In conclusion , the large - scale building projects take the living resource from animals , increase the possibility of getting cancer and so on .
Only if the government develop more technical property , pay more attention to the environment protection , such as build more trees and grass in the cities , and set a special low for those missed animals will help decrease the harm that the building project brings to us .
For me , my family members are not my best friends although I wish they are .
If they are your best fiends they will guide you and help you to be to be the best of you , they wo n't hurt you or turn their back on you .
But on the other hand you maybe punished or they may yell at you when you do something wrong .
So it is not always a good thing , unless they are open - minded or have their own methods to punish you in a gentil way that wo n't make you regret telling them your faults or mistakes .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to apply a job for summer camp .
My name is Jenny Wang and I would be the right person for the job .
About me , I was born in 1989 and I live in Los Angeles since 2000 .
I came from a large family and I have two younger sisters with age of 10 and 12 .
To introduce my skills , I passed all exams in English at school and I can speak English well .
I also have experience with teenagers through my sisters and I will look after them as I take care of my sisters .
Additionally , I am a hard worker and an active person .
Regarding the work conditions , thank you for providing meals and accommodation and I willing to take the costs of the flight .
Finally , I am the right person for the job and I will do my best if I could have to chance to work for summer camp 2014 .
Thank you very much for your time and I look forward to having a positive news from you .
Yours Sincerely ,
Jenny Wang
First of all , I wanted to say sorry about a boring life .
Sometimes I felt lonely , that I meant .
You knew everything about my health . I 've never hidden this information from you .
From first time I said about that to you I had a problem with my health but you answered : it not matter .
I felt so bad in a car .
I felt that I could lose my consciousness , that 's why I removed a braclet .
I really do n't feel my blame .
I talk about everything .
Hello Lara .
I am glaed to hear frome you .
I am 24 years old I am frome Lviv Ukraine .
My hobbies are footbal and gym .
I have got 1 brother , Petr .
I am a PhD student in university .
I am stydying envaermantal saents .
Evgeni .
Welcome in this town .
We are here to introduce the shopping facilities and shops in this town to you .
Washing you enjoy it .
There are several big plazas in the center in the town .
You can walk about ten minutes from the station or by bus to there .
There are shops , restaurants and cinemas in these plazas , including some well - known brands .
You may be energetic or crazy by these charming shops where you are walking around .
If you feel like to eat something , there is a lot of well - known restaurants , and have different country meals .
You can choose the taste you like .
After a long day of shopping , you might have spent all the money .
There 's a bank in each plaza .
So , you can enjoy your time without money 's problem .
At night , there 's another side in this town .
You can see all the streets are adorned by lighting .
This is one of the sort of the best quality here .
You might have a walk around after supper .
my father
my father name is Zaheer arat.he is very loving and caring.they gives us all the facilities one should have and dream of these things.he provides all the facilities to us of internet and books so that we can learn better and can be good students and get good marks in the examination.he always encouraged us and said do n't afraid of anything because you are braver than anything else.my brothers and me proud of my father.he is very hard working and brave.he has the smiley face.he always tries to laugh other people with their jokes.he always listens to us what we want.he never ever ignore us .
Dear friend ,
Many thanks for your letter and your assetment for my invitation .
I am so happy you have finally decided to visit my country .
Listen , do I tell you about getting to my apartment .
There are several type of transport in my town .
But you came flying early morning the most convenient and fast transport is taxi that does n't cost expensive to my house .
In the spring there is mild weather , approximately 20 - 25 degrees .
There are possibility of raining .
So you can bring light and waterproof clothes .
I 'd better stop now and make ready for your visit .
I hope you 'll enjoy my country .
Give my love to your family .
Please write me a line soon .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you in April !
All the best
Mari
Hello Sam .
Thank you very much to write me this letter .
Now , in order to answer your question , I have many favourite places near my town because I live in a lovely and little town , but there is one place taht is special for me : ' A Fervenza do Pedregal ' . '
A fervenza do pedregal ' is located in my town , Tomiño , in Spain .
It is a veri quiet place , because of its location , in the middle of the forest , only a few people know how to get there .
You can only arrive at ' A Fervenza ' walking or riding a bike , but it is impossible to get there by other ways .
It is an invledible forest place , the ground is full of low grass and there is a little river where you can swim , is is the perfect place to have a quiet day .
That is all I can tell you about this place . I hope tath my answer will help you with your project .
Greetings , Xabier Morales .
What is your last neame ?
Do you mean surname ?
Yes .
My surname is Baek .
Are you married ?
No . I 'm single .
A pretty girl like you is still single .
Stop it . I am single for a while .
My favourite sport is volleyball .
It 's since I had six years hold that I try this sport .
I say to people that want tay this sport that it ' s easy if you love it .
You are advantage if you start when you are young .
This sport can help your health and everyone can learn to do volleyball .
In Italy volleyball is very common , specially in my region .
If you try this sport in the wrong way you can have health problem , for example you can have problems at hands , at the neek and at legs .
Hi Lara ,
My name is Jose .. I 'm 25e years old and I 'm from Madrid , Spain .
My hobbies aregoing out and travelling around the world .
I love the music like you and my favorite group is U2 .
Do you like it ?
I 'm only child and I 'm studying Marketing in the morning and working in the evening in a mall .
Do you like studying Laws ?
I hope your news soon .
Jose
Hello my name is Sophie Nielsen I was born 2002 in Sweden and I am still living here .
I got one sister that named Ingrid and she is 8 years old .
On my spare time I like to hang out with friends and play soccer .
I also do home work but it 's not i do because I like it .
The accomplishment I am the most proudest of was when I did four goals in a soccer game .
The best places I had visit is my house in Spain .
I like to eliminate that I do n't read so much , because it 's easier to learn things if you read .
Three words that I can describe myself with is :
1 .
funny
2 . kind
3 . awesome
I think people will be surprised to know that I was born 2002 and not 2001 but I was born first October so it 's not so much difference .
My favorite song is All about that bass with Meghan Trainor , because the song makes me feel good and happy
My favorite movie is The fault in our stars , because it 's very good and I really like the characters and the story .
Emily knew she would have to come to a decisión son .
Two months waiting for an answer was too much time .
it was a cold night when her boyfriend asked her to get marriedn .
they were spending the weekend in the countryside , he had rented a woodhouse but he had n't confirm the weather , and a strong blizzard arrived giving them without communication by pone or by car .
the problema for Emily was that his boyfriend was as cold as the weather .
she thought he was so bored , but she did n't want to be alone.she did n't know how to live on ther own and Emily was utterly frightened to be alone .
INTRODUCTION
The purpose of this report is that people would become more aware of the significance of taking care of the environment in order to erradicate this issue which is having serious consequence nowadays .
Acid rains or global warming are issues which have been brought about the careless people .
ADVANTAGES
By one hand , if we avoid being the pollution in ours cities , we could have a lifestyle more healthier than in the past .
On the other hand , we help to improve and clear up the environment if we throw away the rubbish in the green points of the town .
MEASURES IN FAVOUR OF TAKING CARE THE ENVIRONMENT
The council is carrying out a project in order to erradicate the rubbish in my town .
This project is focused on separating the rubbish in each green points of the city and also they have to maintain their neighbourhood as clear as are possible .
CONCLUSION
To sum up , taking care about the environment should be an obligated task for us .
The main reason for this is , provided that we bear in our minds that we must collaborate with all arounds , we will maintain the world on our hands .
Dear USA Summer camp
I reply to your advertisement for work with children this summer in summer camps , have looked after children aged 5 - 10 and it was a fantastic experience , worked at school in north Africa like a volunteer and learnt a lot about children , think that i 'm a suitable person for the job because use to be an energetic and cheerful person and very hardworking , love working with children and like organising several types of activities , I 'm not very good cooking but i can learn very fast .
Think that can do a fantastic job .
I would be grateful if you could send me further details about this job .
María del Mar
To combat the distriction of enviornment , this is a serious problem throughout the world .
Nowadays , many trees and grasses are damaged in many countries , lots of building are constricated .
And people should pay attention to this problem and try to slove it .
There are denying that the environment are changed by behavior of people and animals .
For instance , people need to many places to build the modern society , so they fall down lots of trees , burnning many glasses .
Another factor that the animals are not control themmselves to eat the plaints lend to distriction of ecosystem .
Nowadays , the transportation become more prefect , and the people'life become more convenient .
Althought this change lend the life of people efficient , the problem should not be ignored .
It would really be helpful if the government make tighter resrictions , in today 's world , lots of constrication companies and factories are not admission , they are destroyed the forest , farmland and wetland , charging waster water and emitting greenhouse gas , it lead to a serious enviorment problem .
So the government should oversee this companies , and if companies do not obey the rules or laws , it will be fined and closed .
Second , the government should publicize the awareness of protection
Taking the train is more cost effective than taking a car to work as petrol is costly and the new transportation office has reduced the cost of tickets to assist with the daily living expesnes we encounter .
The other benefit if taking public transport is less people are taking cars reducing the amount of toxic gases released into the environemnt .
Abortion is an immoral act that people make as everyone has a chance to survive and nobody has the right to decide for anyone life .
Abortion has to be taken seriously in order to avoid these immoral action as these fetus are being deprive of their right since they have already a life .
People had to be sensitize about abortion in order to decrease the number of women being abort .
Furthermore , abortion is very dangerous and a great number of women had been death with this .
Children has to be protected before and after life , it is why abortion has to be stop
In my opinion , I believe the public transport will have big role in the future due several reasons :
1- Inflation in population , the roads will not bear or endure huge numbers of cars .
2- I think on the future and transport and roads will be more organizing more than these days .
3- In the future people will concern more about energy , so transport will be more useful .
4- Transport more economical from independent cars .
5- Many people ca n't drive like children and old people .
6- Not everyone has the ability to buy a car .
Cause all these reasons I believe the transport will have big future .
From 1st Qtr to 2nd Qtr the sales increased by $ 100 .
Then , from 2nd Qtr to 3rd Qtr the sales increased by $ 250 .
Next , from 3rd Qtr to 4th Qtr the sales remained steady in $ 850 .
The last sales of the last year was $ 850 .
From 1st Qtr to 4th Qtr the sales increased by $ 350 .
karate is one of the best sports i have ever enjoyed in my life .One of the reasons behind my passion for karate is that it 's means of tamming the mind and the body .
I have learned to get control of myself when someone teaes me , and to be alert as well .Also , it helps to look always slim and put me away from the ghost of obesity as well .People who want to start playing karate have to be patient .
They should emerse themselves in daily exercises as well as eat healthy meals to keep them active .for instance , it 's adviced to eat great amounts of fruits and fresh vegetables because they contain a lot of vitamins that the body needs to work properly .
My favorite sport are football baskeball Formula One and Tennis .
I started to play football when I had four years .
My favourite team is Real Madrid and my favourite player is Cristiano Ronaldo .
He arrives to Real Madrid 5 year ago and he is the best player of the team .
His best friends in the team are Sergio Ramos Marcelo and Pepe .
Basketball is my second favourite sport .
I watch two match at the weekend of the Spanish league or NBA .
I started to watch Formula One for my father these is his favourite sport .
Tennis is the favourite sport of my brother .
I played tennis with my brother , but he always won .
I played tennis with my brother , but he always won .
That is one of my favorite sports
Hi Elena
How is going ?
Thank you for your letter !
What 's a big surprise , you are married .
My congratulations .
I got your beautiful postcard and your invite .
I 'm very pleased to your invite .
Now I 'm thinking about the present , what do you like ?
I look forward to hear from you .
Bye , Sandra
sports is very much beneficial for our health .
i would like to play football because it 's too much exciting game . in proportion to length it takes only 90 minutes . whenever i got the opportunity i played football .
Driving car while listening to music is much more fun for most of people so maybe that 's why mostly love to drive than taking public transport .
In contrary some guys hate getting caught in traffic jam so prefer public transport;some other reasons may be rising gas price , car crashes or hating driving !
As a result I thought both driving and public transport have their roles and we need to take each in the right situation .
I prefer to travel by train .
I have two reasons why I think so .
First , there are many kinds of types which train has .
For example , in our country , " Shinkansen " which measns burrett train is famous and very fast .
" Blue train " which has many beds in train and we can sleep comfortabully in train .
Thus , not only to ride but also to watch train is very interesting for me .
Second , travelling by train is safe and reasonable conpared to plane .
Recently although there are many LCC careers we can choice , it is still expensive to travel by plane .
TTravelling by train is cheep and getting chicket is easy for us in our country .
And terolism is scare also .
The plane which travel from Egypt to Russia was explosed by terolist in last month .
Compared to plane , train is relatively safe because it can move only on the land .
These reasons are why I think traveling by train is favourable .
Hello Julia ,
How are you ?
What did you do yestreday ?
I went to the cinema to watch a comedy with my friends yesterday , but I did n't like it because it was so boring .
I prefer another kind of films than comedy , but yesterday there were n't any good film at the cinema .
what kind of films do you like ?
I like thriller and the action films because they have never been boring .
Do you prefer to watch films at home or go to the cinema ?
I prefer to watch films at the cinema because there are n't any distractions or noises and the quality of films are better .
See you soon .
Erica
Our earth is getting sick as days go by .
For example , air , water and land pollution .
There are several efforts that we can contribute in order to save the environment .
We start little by little to help it .
First of all , I want to emphasize on reducing the usage of plastics .
It 's the basic things and a habit that we can start easily from our own .
Plastics are non - biodegradable which degrade after 1000 years .
Non - biodegradable plastics could actually piles up the landfill and cause the land use in our earth to be occupied .
Besides , it destroys the marine ecosystem in such a way that the seabird or fish are fed on plastic .
This cause their reproduction system to be destroyed .
Hence , we should bring our own recycle bag or basket every time we go for shopping and resist temptation to get plastic from them .
Besides , we should use public transport or carpool in order to reduce the CO2 emission into the environment .
If the distance to destination is short , we could replace driving by walking or cycling .
That 's the descent way in reducing the adverse environmental impact and we are able to protect our Earth
Since GM crops technology started to be implemented it have implied in favourable socioeconomic changes .
This technique makes the weed control easier resulting in cost savings and yield gains , so that increase global production of crops such as corn , cotton , canola and soybeans .
he said kindly:"I buy you a present , open it , Tom "
Tom opened the big bag , Oh!This is a big surprise , there was a football in it , which he always wanted to buy
there were some words goal!keep doing ! keep looking!said her mom , Look !
there was also a cup in it , It said"don't give up your dream , keep doing!go!we stand by you!come on "
Tom love it , " thanks mom , thanks dad!"Today is the best day of my life , thank you ! "
" You deserve them , Tom ! you work hard all the time this year "
My name is Anna , i one of many new students at Ton Duv Thang university .
I 'm nineteen years old and from city but i living at domitory at Ton Duc Thang university .
It has 58 students : 18 boys and 40 girls .
I loves Ton Duc Thang university so much .
I likes the friendly students and helpful teachers .
I enjoys reading book , cooking , playing with dog and singing .
Moreover , i 'm loves music , i 'm often listen to pop music , R and B , and little Rap .
My favorite singer is Adam Livece .
These days people care about privacy and hence a personal car not only provides privacy but also convenience .
Hence , the new luxury cars are getting cheaper and powerful .
The speed of life has been fastened , people do n't have time to wait for a taxi or in the bus stop to get their work done , they want their work done in the blink of an eye .
So the need for bus has become unnecessary and our own cars are simply time consuming .
Everyone has a car .
Even kids started to learn driving at fifteen and most of the parents gift cars in their sixteenth birthday .
We can seen determine the future of transportation by differentiating the numbers of cars and buses .
Students have started to use their own cars than the bus .
So I think the future of public transportation is in darkness .
My favourite sport is cricket .
Cricket has become a part of me since when I was a kid .
Its very interesting sport .
Cricket brings a passion on me whenever and wherever its possible I find out a way to start the game .
I also watch cricket patiently .
Its known as the gentleman 's game .
The best part of this game is batting whether someone knows or not he first prefer to bat .
Batting has its own cherish .
So , I also prefer to bat and hitting hard rather than bowling .
Its very simple and wonderful sport .
If you play cricket you are surely going to burn many bad calories adhered inside your body .
In India cricket is worshipped and players are the lord .
The best part of this game is you can play with every age group at a single time .
I was very interested in making my career through this but due to my studies I ca n't take effort toward this .
So , if are going to play this sport do notice that there are some rules and be sure that you have all safety stuffs with you . Please do n't forget to take pleasure of batting first .
I hope you are going to play the best game on your part .
Next Monday , I am going to India .
I love India so much .
MY friend was travelling there , she was talking to me about it so much .
Indian people make an amazing food , but it 's so spicy .Indian people dance in amazing way .
India is the seventh biggest country in the world by area .
In India , it rains from June to September .
One day it was my dream to go there .
I am going to visit Delhi and Tajmahal .
Hi Paul !
I 'm writing to you to tell you that I will go to your home next month , I hope that you stay at home because I need your help , I will bought a present for Mary and I do not know what is her favourite coluor ,
Will you help me ?
What is your favourite food ?
When I will stay with you I would like to go to a Spanish restaurant , Will you ?
You are my best friend since 1984 , When I was born near to your house .
Now I have lived in Badajoz for ten years , We moved here to go to the beach every day , I like the beach and the sun , especially in summer When the sun is in the sky .
I like dance and sing too , I 'm very happy singing in the beach , especially if you stay with me .
I hope to hear from you soon .
Regards ,
Kate
Yes , I think it also can educate .
As times go by , technology is rapidly improving .
More and more gadgets are invented such as televisions , smartphones and so on .
There are lots of pros if we watch the television properly .
Using will not only gain the entertainment but also get the knowledge .
For instance , there are numerous program that we can choose .
It is a good time to turn to the entertaining program , when we feel bored and gaze the wall all the day .
Television provides educated varieties of channels as well .
Discovery channel is posture - oriented model example to educate .
We can learn how do the different animals feed on themselves .
Above the statements can ensure a rich and abundant live .
I think after 50 years many things will change . we will learn in our homes .
we won , t have schools .
we will do home works at home and send it to the teachers .
they will correct our tasks and send it again to us .
I think that we will order all we need on the internet .
There wo n't be super markets .
It wo n't be a post office because we can send any thing by the Internet .All jobs will be on Internet .
Every person will have a plane .
We will go to any place by plane .
We will have a robot servant .
They will serve us instead of human servant .
There will be any poor in the streets .
we will live happily .
I hope that the future will live peacefully and happily .
Hi , I am Amy . I would like to spend two months studying in English , two months doing volunteering in children charity and the least two months travelling in UK.What do you think of my plan?I will not only improve my English skills but also devote myself to get along with children .
The most important of all , I will take an adventure to the unknown place in UK.I am looking forward to seeing you soon .
I would like to invite you to join the road trip with me.it must be an amazing experience if we are together for this trip .
As long as you can go with me just let me know .
your friend Amy
My favourite sport is running .
I usually run in the morning , when my roommates are still sleeping , I get up and run in the playground .
I enjoy running , fresh air , warm sun and slight wind .
When I am running , all preesure I undertook has gone .
I am fill with hope .
I started running because I endured neck pain and my left leg is not comfortable when I sat all day .
Furthermore , I want reduce my weight as well .
I bought shoes , clothes and GPS watch , I told myself : now it is a challenge , I must defeat myself .The first day is so painful , I was tired to die when I just ran nearly 3 km , but things becomes better and better , and now I could run 10 km .
If you want to start running , firstly , you need a comfortable shoes and clothes , and secondly , make a plan , like how long should I run today , remember , appropriate rest is necessary .
Do n't make a goal that you ca n't reach , or you will lose your confidence soon .
the most important thing is your willpower .
First I will ask a question to you if this is your own house , you buy it with a lot of money and will you broke it with no reason ?
Of course the answer is no!Everyone knows that " Earth is our home."It is bigger than a house .
We have Eather first than people thanour house .
Eather is our home , we all have to protect it .
But now people are distroy it .
Just for mony for more house but if we destroy it we will all die our money will gone our house will gone we will have nothing .
Beside some people destroy farland to build houses but if one day there is no farmland than what should we eat?Nothing at that time we can eat nothing!So what should we do ?
Forest brings us fresh air bu8 t if there is no trees , what will happen ?
We ca n't breave we will die , too !
So my idea is aii the coutries allthe people stop to use farmland , forest andwetlang to build houses grow more trees portect our world , our homestar !
The lecture desagree with the paragraph , suggesting that the mention test developed by Alan Turing do not respond the mainly question : Can the computer think ?
First , the lecturer talks about " Saran " that propose a challange to prove that the Turing 's test was not conclusive , than he create a paradox .
He selected people to into in a chinese room , there was a computer in chinese language with diferente symbols , the american was a diferente behavior , they did not understand what was in the computer screen .
Different from the original test mention on the text , that all the participants were american and native speakers from that language , it was really easy to understand what was in the computer screen .
Second , the text support that the computers were evaluated by the own people that submited the test .
Not everyone can buy a car .
For many , there are other important expenses that need to be covered .
For example , for the young people in College the studies are more important , as well as books , seminars , travelling , etc .
Nowadays , Public Transport has become a very important way to go to work , to travel to other cities , or to simply go to visit a friend to the other side of the city .
I agree , for many people travelling by car is much more convenient , however , in my opinion , there is still a long future for public transport .
Dear Ronnie
I am happy to know about you .
Your plan sound great and I will be pleased to spend a few days with you and your family .
My grandmother is going to visit me in July so I would prefer suit you in August .
My smaller sister wants to go to the beach so that if she is not a problem she could come with us .
However she can stay at home .
I think it is more fun sleep together in your apartment . We could tell terror stories to each other at night , before sleep .
Maybe my sister could sleep in the studio .
I really like spend time on the beach but there are a lot of time so we could go to the swimming - pool if your parents say yes .
Too we could go to the bar to drink some juice or to go to eat an ice - cream .
Do not forget to write soon
Science , I just remember I always liked a car race , but one of my frevourite is a Formula 1 .
I like cars , and I like high speed that is why I love a Formula 1 races .
Formula 1 seson starts at erly spring and ends with a late autumn .
I try to watch every race every fournight and training a day before the race .
I like so much Ricki Rikonen , he is a ferrari team driver .
Ricki , is not the fastes driver on the track , but he drive very safety .
Ferrari making one of the fastes cars on the word , but this seson they are not so fast on the Formula 1 trac , how they were in the past .
If sameone like cars then should go to Formula 1 race to hear the bolid engine sound , I think that is the best voice which I have ever heard in my life .
Formula 1 it is also dangerous sport , the driver are exposed to the risk of accident at high speed .
I wish Good lack to all Formula driver !
Michael is one of the most important economist in the world , he wrote a lot of book about economy and finance in the USA and Europe .
He has decided to do a short essay about capital market abuse whereby he considered to travel to Italy and pick up some financial data from Italian central bank .
The key idea of this essay is the following : Italy in time of Berlusconi was almost entered bankruptcy however Michael is trying to avoid the Italian economy condition simply because he likes Berlusconi too much .
he received a lot of critics simply because many economists and econometricians in the world do not trust the source that he was used in his essay moreover they thought that he received money from Italian government .
After two years that his essay was released , he will understand that his essay was wrong moreover , Michael will want to apologise many people who read his essay thereby Michael now goes home , takes a cup of tea , goes to bed thus Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
One day a man and his wife were trying to found a place shallow and without pollution for cultivate , they were poor ; they do n't have the necessary sources , but the husband work so hard because his wife had an accident it occurred one day that his wife was working in a campaign of conservation of animal in endangered , she went to a place in search of animals , she heard a sound in a dark place of the jungle so she went to investigated what was that , a creature that have never seen attack she , her partner only heard a shout and they found Lucy the wife of the man in the floor , they ask she if she is ok but he do n't answered so her partner toke it to the doctor , there the doctor said that she was ok but he will never hear again or only if she paid 1 000 dollar for a operation .
The man has already saved 500 dollar but it is not enough .
The son of Lucy and her husband one day he went to caved holes in the dirt for make a game , he make five holes and in the last one he found a brilliant jewelry that had been generations of gods so he started throwing that for play , one time that he take the jewelry , it consume the mind of the little guy and that cause that the jewelry liberated some sounds that only giants can hear so a mountain stand up that was the face of a giant and he perceive negative waves so he kill the guy because he had the most important relic of the gods .
It is very easy to spend hours getting entertained by television .
However , it is more difficult to educate .
It depends how the presenter delivers the topic .
I have learned a lot from television .
There are excellent examples of good quality television on the BBC .
What 's more there are countries around the world that lack teachers to go to remote areas to teach , that rely on television to teach .
Mistake ! !
oh no ! !
How could I do this mistake ! !
These were my first feeling when I did the mistake .
Like every one , I was a normal person learning & improving day by day little by little from mistakes .
I am writing to suggest a few ways what our college can do for the environment .
Firstly , how can the college save energy ?
In order to reduce energy consumption should be made so that as much as possible lectures takes place in the day time .
This would reduce energy needed for the light sources .
Secondly , what sort of things can we recycle in the college ?
It would be a good idea to recycle paper , glass , metal and plastic .
In order to improve the sorting , there should be a litter bins for each mentioned substances in classrooms , corridors and outside .
Furthermore , the student and tutors should be encouraged to use public transport , cycling or walking .
Finally , all the student should be taught lectures about the environment .
I hope I find the answers to your question in my letter .
Yours sincerely
Zivile Jureviciute
Seoul , in Korea , has many places to visit which places people want to visit .
I will introduce some good places to visit .
firstly , people who prefer youth culture , I recommend Hongdae .
Hongdae is most appropriate to feel free and vibrant local area in seoul .
there are a lot of club , pub and bar , cafe , karaoke and has more facilities which you will be able to enjoy .
Hongdae has many kinds of places thus , but you will be concerned about drunk people when the late at night .
At the late night in Hongdae , lots of people drink with their friends and walk around on the street with in drunken condition themselves .
So you need to be careful that kind of people .
and then , let me tell you another place ' Duksu palace '
. you can experience 19 century Korean imperial architecture and Korean traditional custom .
there was the place of the Chosun imperials queen .
The palace is in the middle of the city , therefore , you may feel different mood between 19 century and this day .
And also , there is gift shop and cafe .
I hope to enjoy your trip in Seoul till you left our contury .
Thank you for your reading .
MATHIAS :
Hello , how are you ?
Have you ever been to climb mountains ? that is incredible and amazing , do you like your school?your city ?
my school is fine and i like better my country than yours , our teams are betters than your , England are the worst of football , Argentina rules .
England do n't have enithing you are the worst and more horrible country in the universe .
good bye
In conclusion , before read the article I have never realized the importance of using drama in an English class .
For sure I will apply those strategies in my professional life , because drama gives to students the opportunity of not just learn something in the classroom , more than that , is the opportunity that they use their knowledge in the pedagogical and social life .
With reference to recent advertisement about ' USA CAMPAMENT SUMMER ' , I would like to express my interest in the position for the job in the campament .
I am a hardworking person and a fun girl .
I know to cook delicious meals .
I lived since two years in England and I speak English .
Recently , I had worked babysitting since one year in a school .
I felt very happy with this job .
I like do activities with them also I feed them .
I think so I am the suitable candidate for this job , because I like the children and I have experience babaysitting also I work very well making the food .
I will wait phone call you to discuss the possibility of arranging an interview .
The Wheel .
I choose the wheel because is the most useful invention ever because thanks to it the human works make easier by example a way to move heavy objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets that we have today the wheel was invented at a relatively late point of human history , he oldest known wheel found in an archaeological excavation is from Mesopotamia .
In China , the wheel was certainly present in 1200 BC , for earlier Chinese wheeled vehicles , 2000 BC .
The wheel was found in a settlement built on stilts over wetland , indicating that the settlement had some sort of link to dry land .
( Taken from http://www.ancient-origins.net/ancient-technology/revolutionary-invention-wheel-001713 )
I would like to visit is Germany .
You can think ' why this ? '
It 's very simply .
In the school I study German and I like the language .
I think is a strong , maybe a bit hard to hear , but beautiful at the end .
My teacher told me some things about the country .
Added to what I know , make it attractive .
To this , we have to join the food and drinks ( who do n't think this ? ) .
Except estrange cases , who do n't like to prove the authentic German beer , or the Frankfurt sausages in the place where was invented ?
And the topic I like the most .
The History .
From Teutonic mythology to Hitler and the Second War World .
It 's an amazing history with lots of heroes and cries .
You can think anything but I think that is the better part of Germany .
Family plays an important role in our lives .
Family are the members that they never wo n't leave you alone , they give you love and happiness , they make your day!They are our best friends and family .
First of all , friends are important for us , we want a friend that we can share our secrets and problems .
But friends maybe in the future go away or hurt you!So you ca n't always based on them!For example , they need you until they find someone better than you and in the end they go away .
But family never let you go or family never go away from you !
However , the family is near you since the day you were born until forever .
The members follow you , and can based on them . You can tell whatever you want to them .
For example , if you are in a bad mood the first person that will come next to you , to make you smile is your mom or dad .
Mom and dad spent their life to grow up their children , to feed them , to love them !
In conclusion , Members of your family an important role in your life !
In the last years was improved the public transport system .
In the last edition of Pur Plus occurred an important discussion about the next plan of cities .
It presented a politician , an economist and two envirementalists .
They were talking about the problems of the public transport system and the results of new habits in this sector .
These people , those live in a city , do not take her own car or have not one .
This is a new age , which we live .
So will follow problems of these habits .
This makes me ponder , weather is a future of the old public transport system or should make a new system .
One argument of these topic , that more and more people live in cities .
There going to following some problems .
One of these are the jams .
Everybody own a car and nobody rent a car .
The car sharing system is n't common .
So will following more jams , if we do not change our habits .
The results , which will follow , will be the pollution of the environment .
So we need a new system .
There should be a ban of cars .
So we will stop the jam and so the problems of environmental .
But now we need more buses or another faster public transport systems .
But we should not forget , that these options do not alloy the environment .
Introduction
Have you drank under the legal drinking age in this past month ?
If yes , then you are one in the other 8.7 billion who have also drank under the legal drinking age . You may think that drinking underage will not do too much harm , but it can .
Teens should not drink under the legal drinking age because the teen could get into trouble with the law , the teen could cause harm themselves and others and can have a higher risk of alcohol dependancy later in there lives .
transport at Sudan is so expensive we suffer from the less and expensive transport here .
there are many kind of transport such as buses train and small cars called amgad an also taxi
This is an interested question becaus I beleive that my family is my best friends but at the same time they are not my friends .
My family is my best friends because they realy takes care off me when I needed them to .
They looks over me and help me when I am in troubles .
THis is important because it is important to have somebody to rely of .
But my family is not my best friends because you chose you friends but you do not chosen you family .
After all , family and friends are important .
The two maps show the changes which had taken place in the town of Shipsmouth between 1995 and 2010 .
Generally it can be seen that the city became more modern in 2010 than it before .
first of all , in 1995 shipsmouth was green residential city with two forests .
the two green area in the north - west and south - east concern had been replaced by apartment blocks and an airport .
No one can deny how much sport is very important to our life health .
my favourite sport is squash .
I start this sport since I was 10 years old.where my father was playing this sport also , but he started it when he was more greater than me , He was about 30 years old.where squash is one of the games that can be played in any age , I love this game because I find it making exercise to all the body in the same time , we are running in small place moving hands in stretched and different ways in the same time you are working your mind in the same time so it need caring and quik thinkink , as much exercise you will find down the road .
I think that any one wants to start sport can play squach which gives stretched and healthy body , in the same time this sport can be played for a long time of period without caring about the age .
squash sport also can be played individually as two players together or in team of 4 players.squash one of the very nice attractive sports
SWIMMING THE BEST SPORT IN THE WORLD
I have praticed swimming for 3 years , I am a good swimmer and I have competed in differents tournament of swimming .
The swimming is my favorite sport because in this sport I train all my body , is very relaxing and is the best sport in the world .
My favorite swimmer is Michael Phelps because He was the best swimmer in the world and I hope that He returns to olyimpic games at Rio de Janeiro in 2016 .
I need pratice for be the best swimmer in the world than Michael Phelps .
My favorite style is the butterfly and I always pratice this style because I want to improve .
I want to compete in United States in the most important tournament , in this competition participate the best swimmers of the world .
Some swimmers are Michael Phelps , Ryan Lochte , Peter Van de Hoogenband and others .
Nowadays it is easier to use the car instead of public transport .
Althouth public transport is cheep and more enviermental , they are not so flexble or comfortable as the car .
Exept for the big cities the public transport is not an easy way to move trohout the city , that means that in the future even more people will stop using it .
In these diagrams below , the manufacturing process of bank notes is shown clearly .
The first step , the bank notes should be desinged concidering some constructions , like background color , artwork and security issues , After it was prepared , skilled machinists would make preparaation of metal plates in the second step .
Then , sheets of bank notes would be printed by 50 bank notes per sheet , which have colour imagines on both sides in special ink .
After printing well , these sheets would be manually inspected closely .
It was the most important step during the whole processing .
And then , some sheets and good bank notes from damaged sheets which would be cut into and separated into equal ones andpacked and depatched to where they are demanded .
Another ones which were bad sheets and bad bank notes from damaged apparently , would be destroyed securely .
This was the whole working process of the bank notes and it was consist of 7 steps .
The sport is one of the best forms to be healthy and make some exercise .
You can play it with your friends and have a good time .
The most healthy sports are swimming , playing basketball , playing football or running but I prefer to play tennis .
My favourite sport is playing tennis .
I play it three times a week ( on Tuesdays , Thursdays and Saturdays ) in the club of tui .
I had been playing tennis from 2 years ago with two of my best friends .
I enjoy playing tennis because it is a sport that requires skills , concentration and speed .
I am not very good at all but I like to play it with my friends and do matches on Saturdays .
For new tennis players I recommend to know how to hold the racket , the position to hit the ball and how to put your feet .
They will have to concentrate on game and enjoy it .
In today 's class , we were discussing about wheather or not we agree to the common enourmous payed salaries of fooball Players .
For me , as a passionated Soccer Player , it is a good Point to consider .
I recommand to the Clubs , be warned .
For instance Christiano Ronaldo .
For him , as one of the top sheld payed Players of european leagues , it is no big deal to buy a Mercedes Benz .
He is arrogant .
He does not Need another one , but he likes the colour .
This way of thining he also Shows in game time .
He is not chasing after the ball , is not fighting enough to Keep it In the case he would really Need the Money , he would behave totally different .
What influences does this salaries have on the Clubs is quite simple .
They sell the tricots for 20 Euros more per Piece than last season .
By this aciton a Ronaldo or messie can be payed and it is possible to buy the best Team fo the league , like Bayern Munich is doing at the Moment .
But consider the reaction of the fans .
For them it is not possible anymore to rule for their Teams at any home game .
The tickets are to expensive .
The Anger will spoil over someday .
This makes Football or Soccer ever more equisite to a certain Group of fans - Hooligans .
As a result of These Action , it is an uncertain way to go for the Clubs .
If it stays on a certain Lever , no fan will complain about higher Prices .
But if the Prices will be to high , no onw would visit the games anymore .
The aim is to find a balanced way .
Business in My Home Country
In my home country , there are many different kinds of business culture and custom .
For example , restaurant business and technology industry is totally different in Taiwan .
In these 10 years , Taiwanese have become enjoy our life , so many people like to drink coffee or have an afternoon tea .
That is why many business men want to win in this competition , so they created so many bargain activities , like if you check into places , you will buy one get one free .
Apparently , restaurant business is creative and marketing - orientation in Taiwan .
In contrast , there are two different type of company in the technology industry .
One is original equipment manufacturer , like Foxconn , workers in the company always need to do the same thing and the executive in Foxconn also always need to bargain with Apple or Samsung .
Although they produce high quality products they receive a little money and have high pressure in work .
The other one is original brand manufacturer , like htc , they produce a lot of new smartphones and sell it .
In three to four years ago , htc makes so much money in the Europe , Taiwan and Japan .
The company likes to produce new products and use high salary to hire great talents .
So htc became more energetic and bold in making innovation .
In Taiwan , many young people want to enter htc .
Finally , Taiwan still suffers economic slump , but we have so many businesses likes to innovate , market their product , customers likes to buy it .
I think Taiwan will be recovery in the near future .
One evening , it was a blistering hot day that I still should attended , one of my friends , a wedding ceremony .
I was dressed in nice suit , going to this party .
There were so many people talking to each other .
I did n't want to chat with them first .
Consequently , I drank the alcohol on the table , looking for , my friend , a bride .
I wanted to know how beautiful the woman was .
As soon as the bride appeared in front of us , most people kept silent abruptly .
I glanced at the groom jealously .
How lucky he could marry her .
I maintain a good - looking face , keeping fit .
It was ridiculous that I did n't have a girlfriend .
I prefer having a nice gorgeous girl live with me to living alone .
However , I still did n't have a girlfriend .
I was overwhelmed with grief .
I could not stand looking at them , celebrating .
Accordingly , I drifted to the party , going home alone .
However , I was too dizzy to go straight so that I took a ride .
I fell asleep immediately .
The driver set me to a place where he know .
When I woke up , not doing know why I stayed the police office .
Dear Mrs Kate Asbhy ,
I 'm Patricia Agüero , I have seen the advertisement for work in your cafe and I 'm very interested , because I need work to pay my study .
First I think that this job is perfect for me because I have travelled around the world and I know a lot of kinds of food , in fact in my last trip to Japan I learned to cook shushi .
In addition I love dealing with people , I 'm very sociable .
On the other hand I 'm used to work long hours as a matter of fact in holidays I had worked in many restaurants .
I hope your answer soon .
Best wishes
Patricia
one day Micheal wanted to go out from his home so he called his besfriend an suggested to go out togther , his friend agreed , so Michael weared his closes , wnet out and closed the door but at this moment he knew he had made a mistake .
he forgot the key inside the home !
what should he do ?
hw went to his father in the company and get the another copy of the house key .
when he get back to the home it was late and the metting was canceled
It is very true .
There is no future for public transport .
But not so many people have a driver license .
They have to use public transport .
The public transport can connect people .
You can meet every kind of people .
It 's some kind of socializing .
The public transport is cheaper than the car .
hello , my name is victor and I am going to talk to you about myself .
I know that I am a suitable person for this job , and I can say that nobody is better than me for this incredible job , because I have been travelled for all the world and in this experience , I have seen in the necesity on work to fiance my journey , so the I have dedicated to work on summer camps , and I have a lot of experience in this .
I have other qualities like , cooking like super chef or even better than that , I am the person more organizated in this country , and I love to work with children because it is a form to teach everything you know to other people and help to improve like person .
I always do exercise , in the morning I like to running on the beach , at the evening I like to go to the gym and at night I love to swim in my own swimming pool .
so in conclusion , I think that if you contract you , you will get an axcellent people and an excellent worker
I think it is true that the public transport there is not future , because travelling by car is so much more comfortable .
In my opinion the public trasnport is more expensive and it is less comfortable that the car , because the car is faster that the public transport .
The public transport do stop more time that the car , this transport go direct to its destination .
Today the people use the application " blah blah car " .
it is an application that the people use for save gas and money .
I believe that the people in a future they will begin to travelling shared car more time and they use less the public transport as the train , the bus , underground , etc .
The problem that I saw with this , It is that in the future will be more pollution , because there will be many cars .
Online Lerning
Positiv things about the online lernign are dat you are more mobile with your smartphone and you do nt have to carry so much paper with you , also your on your own and in your own lerning speed what makes it more spesific on the user it selfs . maybe your more confortable on your Smartphone then with papers .
Negaticvs about the online lerning are dat your not listening to much from ea real person and more from a Computer , if you do nt have any listening things in the app you do nt lern how to pronounce the words . in my personal obinionits better to lern froma teacher not only dat you lern to pronounce the words correctly you also lern from a personwhat is in my opinion way better i thin k we spend enougth time on smart phones so i do nt think its the best if we use them to lern as well .
For words i think its perfect but all the grammer and talking i think you need a teacher .
I love Grey 's Anatomy , this is supposed to be a medical drama , but I am sure this show has been beloved because of the soap opera drama parts .
Therefore , I would like to highly state that Grey 's Anatomy is my favorite soap opera .
The show seems difficult , the characters always have to face the situations which is uneasy to solve , but practically , this show is a soap opera in hospital .
I used to think I never liked soap opera , because it was boring , out of date and unworthy to watch , but this was just prejudice .
My mother also like this show .
Today 's television is really good .
It shows you movies , news and the new products .
The advertisements are a bit tricky because they know exactly when children watch , for example sfter School .
And then they just show products specially for children .
So at a Special time is a special advertisement for this age group .
But it also shows the new products .
Advertisement is important for the economy .
Exept some good movies they also show a lot of rubbish .
Or sometimes you see during the day horror movies which should not be .
Who wants that their child sees this ?
Of course you can make a child lock on the TV but when you look hard enough for some you will find any .
Every day they show the news .
So you know what is going on in the world .
I think they show it four times a day .
I would say if you know how and when to use a TV it is good but specially for young people who think it is a good entertainment to watch the whole day .
The TV people know what to play that the children get addicted to the TV .
Attitude about schools in Colombia and Australia .
The attitude of Colombians about the educations system is disappointing in some areas and optimistic in others .
In the same way Australians have a different attitude about their education system .
However the attitude of the Colombian and Australian people is different in many ways .
In Colombian some people have a high attitude about education but there are some others that have a very low attitude .
This is because in Colombia there are a lot of social - economic levels which make people to have a different and divided attitude toward education .
Similarly , Australians have a different attitude about the education system .
This is depending on the believes and the cultures of the people .
This attitude is more based on the backgrounds of the people rather than the system itself .
Today I am very exciting because on Sunday I will go to Bangkok .
I go with my older sister , daddy and mommy .
We will have a good time there .
I will eat tokyo , my favorite dessert .
We enjoy so much .
Recently , there is a growing country whose environment is destroyed by building house , which accour for some debation .
Many would argue that its disadvantages have already dispersed advantages , and many others veto this view .
With the tremendous thriving and growth of both economy and cultural diversity , the need of the resource is increading , which used for building much - needed housing and transport networks .
Apparently , it is a good thing , because it is a significient symbol for the development of a country ; however , on the other hand , doing large - scale building projects may bring a galaxy of probems .
In the first place , the environment is destroyed , because there are some tresses and flowers before buliding the house .
What is worst , the room of the house where some animals lived before , so they lost their houses , which become the houses of people , nevertheless , the earth is not only belonged to the human .
Secondly , building more houses not so much because of living by people , but more because of the economy , which is used for building speculation and the price of the house is too expensive to buy for public person .
For example , some people who have lots of money living in shenzhen earn more money by buying low price and selling high price , although they have house to live .
Also , it is reported that Chinese investors have driven up housing prices in Vancouver by 12% .
Therefore , no longer on the acts go unheeded , and the governments have to deal with these problems . We should forbid the acts by setting certain law .
In a word , the government may appeal in some way , that we should protect the earth rather than only facus on personal profit .
Nowadays people usually use the car all the days , actually for most of the diary things ; despite the fact that there is small amount of people that travel in public transport .
The cars pollute big amounts of carbon dioxide , so that is the result of the grey skies of some cities like Madrid Beijing or New York are grey and this has to change .
Using the public transport is " healthier " than the car for the environment because inside the bus can travel twenty three humans and is only one vehicle , however it would be twenty cars .
Also people think that travel in cars is faster than in public transport and I agree with it because the bus or the underground is always stopping in the different stations , so in this way the car is better .
In my opinion , I will use the public transport , not always but more than the car although you travel slower because I want to save our planet , that the rising generations can live in good conditions .
My favourite sport
I have been playing tennis since I was a teenager and for that reason tennis is my favourite sport .
The main reason by which I like playing tennis is because I can control the amount of exercise that I can do .
Tennis is not a coletive sport .
There are necessary just two players and if you get tired and lose a match no one is going to be responsible but yourself .
That 's why you can control your limits .
Besides , you do not need a lot of people , as on football match for example , to play tennis .
Sometimes it is difficult to join so many fellows to practise a coletive sport .
Undercontrary , on a tennis match you need just one , does n't matter if man or woman .
The exception is in a match of double .
Even that you have to find only three more players in this case .
But , although all these advantages , the tennis player has to take care with some dangerous situations .
For example , never starts a match without a warm up because you can suffer serious muscular injury .
It happened with me once and was very unconfortably .
Another very commom risk is to fall on the square which can cause dangerous scratches .
In despite the risks , I recommend this sport for everyone who has a good physical condition .
Buy a good racket , wear a pair of good shoes , find someone to practise and start to enjoy .
Dear Sir or Madam
Reference to your advertisement I would like to apply for the position to work in AMERICAN SUMMER CAMPS , I am John from the capital city of south state in India ,
I worked in middle aged school for about 2 years , where I had experience which will be suitable for the current position .
as I worked in restaurant kitchen as a part - time job , how I gathered knowledge of basic cooking methods , hope it may helpful for now !
I believe that this job suitable for me !
herewith I enclose the current cv as you can see the attachment !
I am interested in work new work environment , kindly reply
thanking you !
yours truly
John
Hi my friend !
How are you ?
Thank you very much for your last letter .
It is very nice that you remembe me .
Now I want to tell you about my summer work in local cinema .
This is very cool experience for me .
You should come to my city and will enjoy .
All this started on Juli .
I looked for every day some summer work and I found excellent option .
I needed money which I can spedn during study semestr .
The first day was very nice .
Everybody was friendly to me .
They explained all services procedures .
Second day was awful .
I did not know what going on .
My clients was very impolite .
I could not cope with the responsibilities .
But my good men tell me one important sentence .
This job would be boring if every day wolud be nice .
He comforted me .
And now , I am happy .
In work , I am confident in work . I have money and satisfaction .
I konw that you are like me .
And I know that job is for you ! Please come and work with me !
Best wishes your broo Bartek !
Dear Paul
Last month I helped host a concert in Timisoara .
I was the boy behind the curtain , I dealt with the sound of the concert due to my experience in professional music equipment .
I encountered during the concert small problems but we have fixed very easy thanks to the team with whom I have worked .
Pleasure to work at concerts is when I look in front of the stage and see different classes of people with different ages starting from the young and the elderly who forget all your worries and enjoy the same concert as if not and be separate .
The experience is an unforgettable and I hope that I feel the same soon at the next concert .
Your friend Pogan
When they were together , they knew that his history was about to finish .
They could live with this fact .
People surprised to know his relation was broken for so long .
They seemed happy to share their life .
Never nobody heard any discussion .
They always were so friendly , and so kind ... that was strange image that end But that was the sad reality .
Then had to decide with who would stay their cat .
They met with the layer .
They presented arguments to get the custody and the layer listened them very carefully to decide they can not have the cat .
The cat had to go to the animal residency and they had to pay the expenses .
The meeting ended .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake
Michael made a very bad mistake ....
There are the most bad mistake that he does in all your life ....
Her mom would kill him !
But first , I will tell you all the story since the beginning .
Michael was a boy very intelligent .
He was the best student in her class .
The boy had a mother .
Mia that was her name .
She always asks to Michael to never disrespect when people are at the door and always be polite .
Mia could n't accept when some behave badly .
And Michael said every time that he never will do that .
But , one day day , Mia think that she could do a test .
She would get dressed as an old woman .
So she said to Michael that she would go shopping and she would return soon .
Then she put her cover of an old woman and took her way home .
Getting there , she knocked on the door .... Michael open the door and Mia ask if he has a cup of water to give him and he says way he would give a cup of water to an old people .
In this moment , Mia took away her cover and Michael sad :
OMG !
These is the most mistake I did in all my life !
The building was initially planned as the Federal Legislative Palace during the regime of Porfirio Díaz , because the society was governed and supported for the president .
In later time , society feel the need for change about iniquities that pass in the country and the Mexican Revolution explotes , the building is abandoned because the government and country do nt have money for construction , to the point the building metal estructure was used as weapons .
After the revolution , construction will use for represented the win of revolution
Almost every family have a car now .
They use these car to travel , for shopping , to drive to work .
It is so much more convenient .
Only in the big city , people use public transport to will not be traffic .
My mother and my father had a fight to each other , they wanted not together .
They even asked me , I wanted to go with who , they grabbed my hands , wanded me go themself , but I had no idea , because I love my mother and my father so much .
I wanted we can live together forever , they taked care of me , loved me , we lived in the same house , we had a happy family .
I thinked these things .
Finally , I cried , because I could n't decide a choice , my father and my mother saw I cry , decided not keep going , and they saied sorry to each other and me .
Hi Peter !
How are you ?
I 'm happy for you !
I agree with your parents , maybe you could spend your money with something you really need and maybe you can buy computer games with the money you have left , or maybe you put aside money to buy something really important to you .
If I were you I wait to spend the money .
Let me know what you decide .
See you soon .
When I was at university student , I wanted to swim well but I could n't swim . because I did n't have to swim in my life .
so I decided to learn swim for summer vacation .
First , I registered a swimming pool then I went back to the swimming pool every day in the early morning .
After 6 months I could swim well until now .
so I satisfied my decision at 13 years ago .
Nowadays I usually went back to the swimming pool in the weekens .
Sometimes I got rid of my stress .
I thoght the swimming was the best of sports in my life because you can use your body muscle everything .
So you could a lose weight and gained muscles .
Some of my friends they did n't want to shown their body by someone . because a lot of students did n't have exercise .
We did n't have to enough time today .
but I always said my friends " If you want to have fit body , you will register swimming pool .
" So many friends learend to swim .
Dear Dana ,
Thank you for sending the AA Report to us .
The report was discussed at our meeting , and we wish to congratulate you on completing this audit and providing the details and evidence on improving the outcomes from students results in this year .
One straight observation was the low number of students that have taken the math course .
We wondered if some work need to be done to increase the student attendance in the math courses .
The diagram gives information about various stages in the process of making bank notes .
It is true that there are five stages in the whole process.we can see that the processes begin with design and end at packaging and distribution .
looking at the information in more detail .
Initially , bank note should be considered the design such as background colour , artwork , and security issues.then,the preparation of metal plates is next stage.bank note should be skilled and machinists.thereafter,this stage is printing .worker should pay attention to colour on both sides , special ink , and images slightly raised .
subsequently , this step is most important.bank note should be inspected.bank notes separated into good and bad if get good quality sheets , the next stage is packaging and distribution.at this stage sheets should be cut into separate bank notes , packed , and dispatched . if get bad sheets.the nest stage is disposal.band sheets and bank notes securely destroyed .
The diagrams show bank notes how to make , there are four steps to make the bank notes .
First , the bank notes are designed by consider , thinking from background colour , artwork , security issues .
Then , the metal plates are preparated by skilled machinists .
And then , the sheets are printed , operator should pay attention to the colour on both sides , special ink , and images slightly raised .
Third , this is the most important step that printed sheets manually inspected , the this sheets are classified three areas .
The number one called good quality sheets , they will be packed and dispatched .
The next called partially damaged shees , and bank notes separaed into good and bad , good sheets will be cutted into separate bank notes and packed , the bad one will be destroyed by fair .
The number three called bad sheets , they will be securely destroyed .
This a method of making bank notes , and the operater should pay attention to the printed sheets how to inspect .
These pictures obviously show us what detailed steps of the bank to produce paper money into the application .
Before the production , they should think about the cover , including background color , artwork and codes which make it different from the illegal ones , then put them into the printing machines to create them .
On the top of the steps is the inspectation by hands , that is to say , they should be separated into well - qualified ones , which are to be cut into bank notes , and delivered to the banks and the bad ones which ca n't be utilited are fired definitely at the last stage .
In a words , the processing of making money to banks is very creative and serious , even rigid .
I know that we can post anything that we want but not like this .
Wake up world .
Look at you .
Rise your nose from your phone , and look at all these nice things that the life is giving us .
Read a book or play football if that is what you like .
We are architects of our own destruction .
We have to live our life .
You ca n't live only on Facebook .
YOLO !
YOU ONLY LIVE ONCE !
I think public transport do n't lost .
for example me , I do n't have a car thus I usually use a train in my school .
I think that is enough .
If I will go travel I think a car is very useful . but Movement of long distance is very tire .
Consequently , you ca n't fun travel .
Children ca n't get a car license thus children use Public transport .
Of course , Do n't have a car license people ca n't drive a car .
Accordingly , I think need public transport .
I think that members of our family ca n't be our best Friends , because maybe we do not have the same confidence that we have in our Friends .
For example , maybe you have a personal situation , that is very important to you , but you do not want your family know about it , so you decide to tell your best friend , because you know she wo n't tell anybody .
I think it depends on the situation , on the other hand , your sister or brother , can be one of your best Friends , you can tell them important things , but ask them not to tell your parents .
I 'm studying Business Administration , I think my major is so busy .
But also when I 'm working on a project which involves business , I feel rewarded .
Actually I realize that busynes is not for the major , everybody know Tec is very demanandant and if you wanna be there you must work hard .
I 'm dreaming to be an Business Administrator when I 'll be older , firstly I want to work an a sports company lik UA and then I may have a little variety on works .
Finally I hope to get my own business .
Family members are the people who will company us in our whole life .
Compare to our classmates or co - workers , the members of our family know us the most .
They know what our habits are , what we think about and what we like to eat .
Family members are the most important and best friends in our life .
First of all , family members are those who will keep in touch forever , so they know our habits the most .
Moreover , they know how to interact with us . They can make you happy , cheer up your mind and always support you when you are in trouble .
Secondly , family members always know what we are thinking about .
Families realize our mind so much ; However , our classmates or companies ca n't reach that because they do n't stay with us all the time .
Only families can know us the most because they live with us when we came to this world .
Final , family members will always prepare the food you like to eat .
They always give you what we like to eat .
In addition , they always supply much food to us so that we wo n't stay hungry .
Besides , eating with our families are one of the most happiness things in our life .
In conclusion , only family members know what we are most deeply .
Also , family members are the people that we will always want to stay in contact forever .
Because of the reasons above , we can say that the members of our family are our best friends !
Tennis , tennis is not jsut a sport anyone can play but it 's professional sport needs to more hard trainee and more time to be perfect in it , in first why I choose tennis ? , seriously in 2003 this is my first time to watch the game on TV when I saw roger federer played I think he is the one that made me love this sport , due to it 's professional motion in playing the ball , from this time I was interested in this game and watching all championship , so more time , time and time it was my favoirite sport .
my advice is be patient , be smart this sport not easy but it 's need more trainee , more time to be one of the greatest player in the game
MY BEST FRIEND
I met my best friend , Aisha , at a friend 's in common party six years ago , when we were 25 .
While I was dancing she pushed my by accident , she did n't noticed it so I thought she was an arrogant person at first .
But , when our friend in common introduce her to me I realized that she was a funny and nice person .
Aisha is a funny girl , she is always making jokes , and she really knows how to have fun .
Her parties are always the best .
She loves dancing and she is really a party animal .
She is also a good listener , she always know what to say in a bad moment and she is always there when a friend is in trouble .
Aisha is in his therties .
She 's from Marocco , so she has Arabian features , for example , she is n't very tall , around 1,57 metres , she has long dark wavy hair and black expresives big eyes .
She is tanned and has a slim complexion .
Dear Redaction ,
I have just read , that you need reviews of soaps opera .
I have one favourite soap opera .
This is a ' Beverly Hills 90210 ' .
I love this film , because it shows teenagers life .
And I like see how they look like .
I like their style and live .
They learn at school , they have problems with each other , they fall in love , have parties .
Most of all I like Brenda , because she is a smart , beautiful person .
And she wears the best clothes ever !
I would like to be like she .
I think that a lot of people can learn how to live , what think , eat , wear from this soap opera .
My best friend is my sister .
Although I have 5 members of my family but just one from 5 is my real friend .
She did a lot for me , my life
.
In my opinion , that is not a logical statement which jibes with the fact .
First of all , although travelling by car become more convenient , the growing population which cause personal vehicle is hard to manage .
The traffic jam becomes more and more serious as far .
Such as Beijing , the metropolis in China , faces the salient bad traffic as such government had to encourage the citizen go to work by public transport such as bus and subway .
Apparently , this method has made a great contribution to the traffic in Beijing .
So , the public transport is playing an important role in our daily life , It shows an indispensable effects on the society work .
Craiova
Introduction
The aim of this report is to inform the committee about the attractions of this town .
The report is based on the opinions and ranking of people and critics that have been visiting these places .
Town center
In the town center there are most attractions as well as one of the best bars in the region " the Albastirca " .
Many visitors come to it but there are more attractions than only one bar .
There is a giant park which maybe the visitors would be delighted to visit as it has animals , a funfair and a lake .
Pluses
What 's more about the town is that it is n't lacking shopping facilities .
It has a big mall that has been recently opened up , and it contains everything the visitors might need .
On the other the mall lacks a cinema or some restaurants as it has been recently opened .
Conclusions
To sum it up I strongly suggest that the visitors stay as much as possible in this town as it has almost everything that a man needs .
Some people say there is no future for public transportation but I do n't think so .
People who believe it do n't care about air pollution and traffic .
Lima is a small city where there is no more space for another car .
Moreover , it is more approppiate to start constructing roads which were convenience for the majority .
first my favorite sport is futboll and i like for many reasons for example while you are watching a match you 're going to feel exited and entretaining besides that fubol has the best fotboll player than ever who is leo mesy he 's the best and he s able to awesome stuff when he 's playing .
Yesterday morning a group of American tourist went to a bike ride for through the center of Buenos Aires City .
One of them was intercepted by a man on a motorcycle , he seemed to have 28 year .
The mas was armed try to steal the backpack .
But he not be fixed that the man was a camera in his head and hi action was filmed .
He was furious because the American do n't understand what he would say .
The tourist was surprised to see a gun , the robber forced the man in the street and then the tourist put to run .
He was very lucky because the gunman returned to pick up his motorbike and keep his gun .
The man run to where his friends and sought a police .
They found a police near it and made the complaint , the group continued the bike ride and returned their hotel totally scared .
After two days and with the help of the filming the gunman was captured and brought to justice .
Now he was arrested and charged before a magistrate for the robbery , waiting for his sentence .
The tourists return to his country very scared .
How can I start ? should i start with speaking about myself or about my country or about my family or about my life ?
It is hard for an eastern girl to do what she likes because of her society 's traditions and customs .
Let 's take me as an example , I am a 25 years old girl who is graduated from faculty of engineering and want to travel to Germany to complete my study but I am not able to do this because my family will not allow me to travel alone .
I am trying to change my family 's opinion so that I can travel .
College is the only place where i feel I am special that is why i always like to there .
How we treat the earth has a direct impact on ourselves .
Today , because of our progress of industry , we produced so many environmental problems that had n't appeared before .
For examples , lack of purity water , shortage of electricity , climate change , natural source depletion , and etc .
The problems were n't so significant that we overlooked them , but now they become serious threats that we ca n't ignore .
How can we solve these problems ?
Just change your daily habits .
There are so many questions .
Who we are ?
What do we do ?
Why we make mistakes ?
There is no clear answer but the sure thing is we are humans .
As a nature of human , we would make mistakes .
But we should n't make same mistakes .
If you wrong , I will fix you and if I wrong , please fix me .
Anyway , we would make mistakes , if we do the new challenges and new tasks .
We have to fix it all again .
Introducion :
The aim of this report , is to show how does my town takes care of the environment .
Home rubbish :
The mayor , in collaboration with Lipor , distributed leaflets with information on " How to deal with household rubbish " .Each leaflet explains how to separate the home rubbish .
Instead of putting the rubbish in one trashcan , the families should separate it in three different groups - papers , glasses and plastics - and put it into the correct eco point .
The company responsible for rubbish collection collects of the garbage , already separated by the families , and afterwards does the recicling .
How does the town treats the environment :
The City Hall is very concerned in keeping the area cleaned .
In spite of the informative sessions about the enviorenment , organized by the Mayor for all of the residentes , it also has lots of staff that cleans the streets , take care of the city gardens and collect the garbage .
Eco friendly :
In conclusion , I would like to say that the city where I live maintaines the city cleaned and attractive , for people that live there and for those who visit the city .
I do believe that the members of my family are my best friends for many reasons.first of all , we got the same education as we grew together we know each other .
If I suffer from any problem the first step I do is I try to go back to my lovely sister because deep inside I know she is only member that can assist me .
Secondly , if I need money I will come back to my brother or sister I ask them to borrow some money .
I think public transport has good prospect in the future according on following reasons .
First , the trend of environmentally friendly has grown since the shortage awareness of fuel , taking public transport can decrease the air pollution by car , and more governments had build the public transport system including subway , buses etc .
The transport in the city is n't inconvenient as years ago .
The other is , travelling by car is n't convenient if you go to the famous resorts , most famous resorts lack of parking lots , travelers may spend hours to park .
On the contary , people who take the public transport can more enjoy the travel because they do n't waste vitality on driving .
To summarize , because the development of public transport is more and more complete , the advantage of travelling by car was placed by public transport gradually , the future of the public transport is bright .
My favourite sport is football .
It gives me many a positive energy and fun .
I have played for 12 years .
I am not a professional player .
I play just for yourself
Sometimes If I would like to play football but it rains I can watch football on television .
If I play with my best friends at football I will be a goalkeeper .
In football my favourite position is goalkeeper .
It is really hard to give some advice .
We have to be very patient .
My advice is only one .
If you practise you will achieve skills .
In Somalia , people usually throw the rubbish and garbage in everywhere , and there is no a cycle which intended to keep it .
The city council are tackling with how they can keep the city clean , and each and every morning there are employees whose work are to collect and keep the environment clean .
Many of the main roads of Mogadishu are getting attractive by the day and the people begun to make their city clean .
Swimming is my favorite sport , I usually swim 2 or 3 time a week , swimming is a good sport especially in summer .
Study says the cool water will cool the body temperature down and that means it will burn the body fat fast then the other sport .
The other advantage of the swim is the less impact the knee .
Swimming will be the good exercise to the people who are not able to jog or even walk .
By the way , some people do n't like to swim because they have difficulty finding the swimming pool , I think that just an excuse to be lazy , the Internet will help you to find out .Lets go to swim .
FOOTBALL_MY FAVORITE SPORT
Nowadays , there are many choices to spend in our free time such as go shopping , travelling , listen to music , reading , etc ..
But to me , I choose playing sport in my free time .
Football - the most popular sport in the world , is well - known as " King Sport " .
There are two teams and each team has the same amount of players : maybe 6 , maybe 7 and maximum 11 .
The objective of the game is to score by kicking the ball into the opposing goal .
Actually , I began to play football when I was 10 years old .
I play football in my free time until now .
There are many reasons why I enjoy football .
My first idea , football make us stay in shape , avoid some diseases .
A second idea , It helps us make new friends when I take part in some football team .
I have relationship with people who are playing football with me .
They not only help me in every match but also share me everything in daily life .
A finally idea , football makes us enjoy our life and increase quality of life so far after working hours .
Eating a balanced diet is something very important for anyone especially for pregnant women , children and old people as their bodies need more nutrition than younger people .
Although balanced diet will offer energy and vitality but that 's not all of the thing , Exercising is important too in addition to the balanced diet .
My favourit sport is football i love it so much when i was young i used to watch football and my favorite team is Barcelona i was play with my friends at the street and we was happy with that so much and after that we played at playground like really football i love Cristiano Ronaldo so much he is the best player at the world a few people telling me that messi is the best player but i feel angry when i hear that because that is not true so i looking forward to meet my best player one day its like a dream to me .
I think the alcohol is the most dangerous addiction all around the world .
Because many people have died for this , and it 's really hard to stop this addiction even if the person wants to stop it .
my favorite sport is swimming
i swim 2 times per a week
sometimes i go to the swimming pool in the same area which i work there and sometimes i go to the swimming pool of my cousin ,
i enjoy when i spend my time in the water and now even i am pregnant i am afraid when i swim with a group of people i keep telling them and screaming do not close with me ! ! !
hhhh sometimes is funny
but my husband he takes cars of me he does n't allow to anyone to be much closer with me ,
my mother in law she likes swimming too
last night we went to the swimming pool it was a little bit cold but we liked so we went to the pool and srated to swimming i know how to swim very well but she does n't she has to have a support otherwise she ca nt .
to : Emma Brown@ ........... co.ukDate : Thu Nov 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Europe\SeklerlandSubject : RestaurantHello Emma .
When I read your e - mail I was very surprised about it .
Well , I think it is really creative .
If you want to visit me you have to do it in the next month because I have a football tournament , and I must participiate .
So what about next month , 12th of December?I would like to suggest a dish named " Bloody Liver " .
It could be strange for the others , but it is really delicious if served with corn .
If you want to visit a restaurant , I would suggest the Dagi .
It is a bit far from my home , behind the fuel station once we left your car .
To answer your question , I can not attend the party beacuse I do not like theese kind of parties , but I wish you good luck!Almos
We the management of The Arch London Hotel received your mail and wishes to let you know that you should make known to us the position you desired to work in via return mail along with a scan copy of your signed contract of agreement to enable us make every necessary corrections .
Thank you .
When it comes to public transport , the future is relatively dark according to the prospection .
Indeed all the indicators show that humain behavior will not change at least in the following decades .
Car continues to attract people .
In the other hand , Governments are not able to change transportation policies to enhance public transport level of service .
Malaga is a town that takes care of the environment .
Around the city , there are a lot of containers for rubbish , pieces , plastic and crystal .
All people has very close someone to recycle .
Also , you can put clothes and shoes that you do n't need it for Africa children .
So , Malaga is responsible with the environment and with people with more necessities .
Secondly , in Malaga there are strong and hard rules for factories .
These companies must take care of the environment or they would have to pay big tax at the council .
So , in general , I think Malaga is very responsible with the environment and acts in consequence .
The way of livng change everyday : if we think about our grandparents ' , but also about our parents ' life , we notice many differences .
Above all they talked more : we live in the era of the telecomunication and none could live without their mobile phone or their computer .
Be always in contact with our friends has become our way of living .
Moreover also simple things are changed , for example the food we eat : some times ago everythingh was natural , healthy ... but now everyone eat always " junk food " and thinghs like that , which are completely unhealthy !
However , How will people 's life change in the next 50 years ?
As a result of what I have just said , in my opinion people wo n't have a " really life " : everyone will be always more involved in the virtual life so that they will forget how to talk each other and how express own feelings !
About the foods , I imagine a future society in which restaurant wo n't exist : people will eat only junk foods and food , which has been prepared before , food in tin ... so all unhealthy thinghs , which will cause many problems .
For this reason I also imagine that in the future doctors and scientists will have so much to do !
Do not ruin our life , it could be all so perfect !
My favourite sport is soccer .
Also , we can learn to help each other in the team .
My favourite trick is nutmeg .
My favourite soccer player is Frank Lampard .
My favourite team is Chelsea FC .
My favourite soccer pitch is Hong Kong Stadium .
My favourite soccer is the Brazuca .
I started soccer when I was four .
I often play soccer with my father and my brother .
When it is holiday , my brother and I play soccer twice a week .
It is really good to play soccer !
Everyone is afraid of something .
A lot of people are afraid of catastrophic events even thought it 's very improbable that the same thing will happen to us .
Some fear are instinctive and it 's positive because it protect us from real danger , it 's a good response .
But the phobias are which we experience that are life - threatening and they can distrupt everyday life , but people can get over with the right sort of therapy .
So if we want to live a life which is n't controlled by our fears , we must try to be more objective and pay mre attention to the real dangers .
We should spend less time worrying and more time being happy !
In 1898 , H.G. Wells wrote his story ( the war of the worlds ) , so it was inevitable ; people began to see space creatures everywhere .
Science fiction magazines and stories spread .
And the flying saucers ' culture has dominated . They will be green in color .
They will have three eyes , antennas over their heads , and guns firing green extraction .
They want to occupy the planet Earth because , according to them , our resources are still virgin ..
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediatly put on her coat .
Alison put on her coat , close the door and went to his parents house by car .
She went to his parents house because they sent her an email that said that his father is okay after the oparation .
When alison knock on his parents door she noticed that there were many people in her parents house , a man open the front door .
When she entered the house , a man was looking at her with a bad face , when suddenly this man shot with a gun to Alison father .
Alison left the house very scared , it was a dream .
Nowadays , public transport is used for many people in the cities , we can find different types of them , such as bus
tube and train , but is there a future for it or not ? , I am going to respond this question giving disadvantanges and advantages and finally I give my personal opinion .
To begin with , Public transports is not as comfortable as using our own vehicle , every day , about all in the morning , it is usually crowded , due to people than begin to work .
Secondly , moving in a city in public transport could be horrible , there are too many station , and we spend a lot of time on them until we arrived at home .
Although I have written some disadvantages , public transport is better than private .
Firstly , if anyone want to move in the city using the car , that could be very expensive , due to traffic jam .
Secondly , Public transport is more ecological and less polluted with the enviromment , so as it is producing less polluted fume , and many of them use green energy , such as electricity or gas .
In conclusion , from my point of view , public transport is more necessary now than never before , cities contains more automoviles and the pollution is worse , we need to change our mind , and try to use them as other alternative to improve the enviromment of our cities .
Last week , my class and I went to Sicily for a schooltrip .
we visited many cities .
the first day we went to Taormina and Giardini Naxos , the day after we visited Siracusa , the third day Agrigento and The valley of the temples and the last day we saw Marsala and Trapani .
I enjoyed all the cities we saw but the best in my opinion is Siracusa . in particoular I liked Ortigia that is the oldest part of the city .
I also liked the Valley of the temples of Agrigento so much : it was amazing .
I think that the worst thing of the trip is that the last night in our room there were a lot of insects and some spiders and we must change Room .
public transport now a days has become a bit uncomfortable because we can not think of availability of seat .
large number of people use it which results in over - loaded buses and trains .
it take too much time to travel by public transport than by personal vehicle.there is scarcity of buses in public transport and there timings too are not fixed .
traveling by car or any other personal vehicle is too much more convenient because it takes too much less time and it takes us directly to the place where we want to go .
In a recent time privet transport is more convenient than public transportation , although public transport like buses , train , ferries and intercity rail are consuming less time and energy but sometimes its create problems .
In public transport people bound to share transport means with strangers and also we have to persue company policy or regulations , but with their own transport we do n't have to bother about these things we travel when we want and when we have time .
We do n't have to book tickets in private transport .
So we can say that travelling in their own transportation is more comfortable .
People had drived car to go a work .
The city have a lot traffic .
They prefer to go work car than bus .
Public transport is very cheap then car and reduce traffic in the city .
It 's true drive by car is so much more convenient , because people do n't need to wait bus .
They can drive any hour , they can to go and to come any moment .
They can travel another place , independent the hour .
Bus , boat and train are public transport most used for people .
Some cities there are n't boat , because do n't have river or sea .
It 's comum in city the bus .
Some bus have special and preferencial sit to old people .
This is interesting because people are practice solidary .
I think could have a lot bus in city .
Many car is poluent for planet and is alergic to people .
The train do n't have poluition .
This transport is better to population and do n't have traffic in city .
Another idea is ride a bicycle and to walk street .
This can help heauthy the people and city will stay most clean .
So we must reduce by car on street .
We will be very happy and we .
will be more heauthy .
My favourite sports walk , I really like this sport for several reasons :
1- It 's very common I can do it anywhere and anytime I want .
2- It 's very cheap , I will not buy anything to do .
3- It 's not hard sport , in all cases I will not be tired after walking .
4- It makes me relax because I stop doing my activity from work and study .
5- It gives me big time to think on all my life without any distributions from anybody .
cause all these reasons walking is my favourite sport .
From few years , people use different types of transport . We ride by bus or by car .
We fly at plane or something other .
The travelling by car is more convenient in my opinion .
Firstly , you save money if you use a car .
When you ride by bus , you pay more .
Moreover you travel with the other people .
You stay in queue for buy a ticket .
Secondly , you should feel uncomfortable .
At some means of transport is too crowded and you haven ' t got a place to stay .
sometimes you lie on a window .
It is n't good .
Finally , if you ride a car you musnt care about timetable . You can go at every hour .
When you go by bus for example , you must wait at cold bus station .
I hate this .
At sum up , in my opinion travelling by car is better .
You have comfort , you feel better .
You do n't have to worry that you do n't arrive in time .
Unfortunately , is very sad to say that people in my town does not care about the environment .
We need to start doing something to avoid contamination .
There are so many little things we could do to care for the environment .
So many storms , and all the things happening around the world are the result of not taking care of the only planet we have to live .
I suppose their lifstile intolerable , resteless and I really sympothise with them Magotity of outstanding and appreciated people are frustrated .
They turn into arrogant and furious idols because of shortage of ptivate lifetime perpetual attention .
That is a pitiless trial for celebrities bit through thick and thin they go on .They archieve the goals made exceptionally in sake of money and vanity .
I realised it is not worth it .
Thank you for your care .
There is one thing confuse me that is the old extension number .
I always answer some wrong calls and these calls distract me .
I receive many calls looking for the previous worker and I need to spend my time to explain what happened to him .
May I have a new extension number ?
Thanks for your help .
Dear Jo ,
Romania is a beautiful country and has many jobs .
Also there are many places to see , mountains , lakes where you can relax and have fun .
The jobs are nice and you can work for three months .
There is good pay also .
I also work in summer as a waitress in a terrace .
It is good and people are nice .
See you soon .
Hi ,
I hope you are well .
I 'm writing you a letter because I was made a short film with my friends , and I want to tell you what is the film about and how was the experience .
The idea of make a film comes up a Saturday night at a meeting of friends .
At first we thought that the idea was just a joke , but Jake , one of my friends , said that he had carried a video camera .
When Jake said that , we start roar with laughter , but then , another friend offered the idea to do a home film .
The experience about the film was amazing , because we laugh all night and we enjoyed that very cool idea .
In itself , the film did n't have an especially topic , but I can describe it like friend 's film as appears lot of laughts , jokes , and it reflected that friendship is the greatest thing that exists .
By the way , I 'm sending the film together with this letter .
Let me know about you and your life .
Hope to hear from you soon ,
Bianca
Running is my therapy .
I started running to lose weight and ended in a life changing experience .
Some may say that running is very similar to religion , but to me is more than that .
Running connects me to my inner Goddess .
Running is cheap and everyone can take up running , no experience required after all it is just one step after the other .
In My country Bus 's car is the essential public transport .
So I got a lot troubles :
1 . Everyone spends much times to travel .
2 . Bus car 's driver does n't care people who around him .
That means he is a careless , who always drives too fast
But public transport has advantages : If we uses it is the essential transport to travel .
Therefore environment will be improved .
Maybe traffic 's accident is decreased
I am writing to report on the local transport of Toluca .
The public transport most used in Toluca is el bus because it is the most cheaper , but it is very bad and unsafe , the qualiti of it is very bad , the buses are old and obsolete these have broken windows and old and broken seats .
The service is very bad the drivers are very angry and stressed out these do not lead with cauition , in Toluca exist report of high rates of accidents by buses .
The public transport is unsafe because growth the theft and kidnapping express to users .
I suggest changing the old buses by new buses and put security cameras in the buses .
That the cameras transmitted immediately the image of the robbers at other buses to ensure that they are alert , and that the drivers receive training and sanctions by conduct bad .
I think we live very quick , always running , we do n't enjoy our lives .
Because we want a lot of money , a lot of things ... we are always working for giving more money , we do n't meet our neighbour for example .
Maybe in the future will be worse .
There is is no future for public transport because car has made life so easy .
It 's economically and practically is more expensive .
People
Prefer to use cars instead of public transport .
It 's saves time .
In old times luxuries were not considered as compare to Heslth but now every one prefer to save time and maintain privacy which one can only afford by using her / his private transport so gradually public transport losing its charm .
public transport
I think it 's very important as it reduce the problem of both pollution and population we use few transport as it is big and carry a lot of people .
underground , trains and buses these means of transport are cheap so it helps the poor to save some money .
governments should take care of public transport they should save means of entertainment peoples should keep them clean and safe if they use it carelessly it will be useless Now There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
cars are faster than public transport so cars are more convenient than public transport it is easier , faster and more comfortable especially in long distances so governments should improve public transport as not all people have cars
Now a day 's travelling became easier for the humans to move all over the world .
Many of the people habituated to use their own vehicle as their transport , where they can reach their destination in time .
In the following paragraphs , I present my view in this controversial issue .
firstly , We are having different modes of transport facilities , which among is road transport .
As Automotive Industries are huge in market , most of the house holders prefer to buy a car rather than any other motor vehicle .They can have easy move from source to destination with in no time .
And there need not to be depend on the public transport of their journey .
As private transport is increasing day by day , it 's surprises that there may not be any public transport in up coming days .
Secondly , if the private transportation is growing faster , the traffic is also going to create a major problem , which effects the global warming .
And the income that is getting through this servicing transport will automatically dropdown , which create a problem to the economy of the government .
Another issue we can see here is unemployment .
Most illiterate people choose their proficiency as public transportations like , bus service , cab service , auto service .... etc , in order to full fill their basic needs .
People with more unemployment may also lead to a crime rate .
I hope , giving equal priority for both public and private transportation makes healthy .
And we can see that controlling traffic is not going out of the hands .
In all times and places there is always some typical food of the country where we live .
My name is Laura and I live in Argentina .
Here , in this country there are typical dishes , desserts , drinks .
Some of them are , roast , mate and some others , but those are the best known .
On the one hand , I like to have things typical in each country , apart from they are delicious , because when you 've got the opportunity to travel , you can go and experience with the food too .
On the other hand , the bad thing about when there are so delicious food , it 's that always you want to eat some typical food of your country and at the end it 's very bad for the body because we eat them in excess .
In ten years , they did n't change that things , because they are delicious and no one would like to eat anything other than roast !
i think if the goverment do the best work about the transport , they can save it .
the public transport is the best way to save the planet and have a best atmosphere ; also we safe money and can meet people .
it is true the car is more confortable , but it uses a lot of mineral recurses like petrol wich can contaminate the ambient .
i do nt think the public transport does not have future , there are a lot of people who can not buy a car and has to use the communite transport .
Public transport is very much complicated now a days .
Place like Mumbai is full of People and no place to park the vehicles .
Day by day people are increasing in Mumbai .
Crowd is more and all the people want to travel by public transport so it is difficult to travel . Best way to travel in there
own car or van .
This will saved their time .
Transport are good way to travel from place to another place .
I had word with a boy and he will reply to me by tomorrow .
It will be good to interview both and you can decide .
I am hoping this boy will come for the interview as he was saying recently he has got a new job .
Is the Internet the greatest invention of all time ?
Internet is a useful means for everyone , so we are getting on with distant friend , and we look for important information when we are studying or entretainament themself .
First of all , I am going to talk about adavantages and disadvantages for this topic .
First adavantage , is Interent too much quick , for example when you want information about something .
Second advantage is Internet by website , such as twiter , facebook ... You allow speak with your quick friend , or you can meet ith them by website , therefore you do not call by telephone , so internet is too much cheap .
According to disadvantanges , at present , childs are aways playing with his computer games and mobile phone .
Both computer game and mobilephone have got internet , as a result , they have not got time the another traditional games .
Other disadvantages is that , people do not meet with friends , since they speak by website Internet , so every time there is unless relationship , the people is not sociable .
To sum up Internet is an progress more important in the world , but too there are a lot disadavantages and advantages .
In my point of view , Internet is useful for everyone , but we should not abuse , so carring out another activities .
Good Thriller was not my favorite type of gender until I saw ' No Escape ' .
This movie is about what happens in the real life right now , on the other side of the world .
They persecute an American family that went because of the dad 's job , which was something about a company that the natives from that place hated most .
Without expecting it at all , this family went somewhere over Asia to start a new way of living .
In other words , they had to get use to a different kind of world .
It was n't that easy for the couple with two little girls .
They had to escape with the doors from the country closed , while making sure both girls did n't get their minds full of junk ( people killing ) .
And in some of the scenes the little girl escaped or the dad had to make them jump from a building to another one !
Anyways , I would n't want to ruin the ending but I would definitely recommend you to see what happens next !
Helen , I did n't expect this .
It was a huge surprise for me !
I really appreciate your card that you sent me .
It made me speechless !
I have never got anything like this .
I celebrated my birthday without any complications .
We were having a good time .
hey , I 'm Hoa .
I 'm a student in the Academy of Finance .
I come from Ninh Binh province .
They are 5 people in my family : my father , my mother , my older sister and my young brother .
I wants to become an accountant .
Hello Mr Smith ,
Sorry so much , but I ca n't go to class next week because I have to work .
Saying that , could you tell me about next week 's work ?
I 'll try to work at home .
Thank you .
Regards ,
Laura Pérez
Dear Bublin Lost Property ,
I lost my phone on 15th Jan 2017 at 5 pm in Dublin city centre .
I still remember using my phone in Dublin city centre at the entrance .
I lost my phone near street no 1 .
Here is description about my phone - model iphone 6 , gray color and there was scratches on backside .
Thanks
Ritesh
Dear Principal of the Effective Learning School
I am interested in your advertisement you post in an English language magazine .
Recently I have got a job offer from a company located in London and it requires me ILETs score 6.5 for visa .
I have studied this exam not at all and I have got a very limited time , around 3months , before the last test so I would like to begin as soon as possible .
I am working daytime so night time , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytime on weekends would be good for me except on Mondays and Wednesdays when I play basketball as a hobby .
Also I am thinking of studying with you for 2months but we can talk more about this later .
I am good at speaking and listening sections but not confident at writing , especially essay I 've never learnt in my life so I want to focus on this writhing part more than others .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Best regards .
Samuel Mo
Travelling by car is much more convenient but all know really there is no future for public transport .
When we talk about public transport , there are many people and everyone travel but i think we do not feel relax are there and if we talk about travelling by car .
It is the best or much more convenient for us .
Because we can travel any where but in public transport we can not travel to any other sites
I think there is a big future for public transport , because a lot of people want to take that and more than anything else that is convenience .
Especially some people do n't have a car and some elderly persons difficult to driving a car by themselves , so the public transport helpeing them a lot .
Already public transport have been improvement and that makes comfortable to go on a trip , but I think that will be able to become good quality more and more , because so many people expectation .
I like a car as well , but when I have to driving a car I have to think about parking a lot and I ca n't enjoy meeting other people to talk while I am having travel , so the public transport is making connection with human beings .
It is why I think public transport is really important for public and there are a lot of important thing is having a possble in the future .
Every Human has points of strength and weakness .
So , the Humans including women and men should behave according to these points .
The question which is rising now should the employer hire women in some posts and excludes them from another , and so that for men .
There are two answer to this question , the first one is to who sees that it is right to exclude women from some jobs .
For example , the builder needs physical strength to carry cements and bricks .
The mechanic should have the ability to afford drawbacks of the job .
The second answer is it is not correct to exclude men or women from any posts .
The explanation of those who support the second answer is every one had borne equal in duties and rights .
So there is no one can hire someone or give anyone a job according to gender .
Is convenient take a year off between leaving school and starting the university ?
I think it is not necessary and not recommendable because you have the possibility to earn money and is difficult once you get used to earn money , you want to study again .
Also , if you want to travel , you have to make money for that and then , travel .
Furthermore you do n't study during this period and when you want to start the university you would n't be able to remember some important things
So , if you take a year off , you have to think about it .
People use public transport because of saving money .
But now they are earning more money than they earned before .
Therefore , it is likely to imminent that public transport will no longer exist in future .
think has a future that all people use public transport then I think that maybe continue to have future but has bad and good things , for example good is easier to move in the city and you save time , and the bad , bad people attack you and steal things , but I thing , that have future , because a lot people even they use public transport to .
the people use the public transport also the people needs to move for all the city .
what I ' m saying is that if you have future public transport that people use so much that you will have future
Convenience is not the only one consideration when we are travelling .
A lot of people choice public transport for travelling because it 's cheaper , easier , more relaxed and sometimes faster than driving a car .
In recent years , governments encourage people to take public transport because of fuel crisis .
Some of governments invest much money to construct public transport network to make travelling by public transport more convenient .
When driving a car , we will face a parking space trouble in a city .
Besides , a traffic jam is another problem .
So , I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
My mother is my inky best friends in my family , she always listening to me , sometimes i call her with her real name!.
She always tell me some jokes but some times i laughed !
, i love her so much , i do n't know how will my world being like without her and i wo n't to know .
I pray everyday to save my mother and all my family to me .
My name is Tom , I 'm 12 years old .
I have a black skin , black hair .
I 'm short .
I am wearing a shirt , and a pair of trousers .
I will wait for you at the train station
Well , there 're a lot of sport that people practise every day but I have one which is my favourite .
It 's basketball .
This sport have a lot of type of match which you can play .
You can play with your friends or in a team even alone but this option is the most boring .
Basketball is a perfect sport because you can develop your reflections and your ships with people .
I enjoy playing basketball because I relax when I play it and I can meet new people and travel around your city or your country . That it 's the best because you can visit the cities ...
And you enjoy between your mates and live all those special moments with them .
I can give you some advice to start practising this sport .
This 's a sport that improve your friendships and it 's so good for your health .
And maybe you became a famous player or a simple player but you feel like a famuos .
But it is important to enjoy yourself .
The old house on the hill is a landmark in my city .
At the beginning of its history , my city was a big farm .
A river passes by the city and , occasionally , there were floods on the place .
Tired of having their house destroyed , the landlords decided to build a new house on the hill , so they would n't be molested by floods anymore .
There is a tale that mentions a treasure hidden on the house .
This treasure was used to finance a civil war that took place in the south of the country .
After the war , the gold has been left in the house .
People came and destroyed the house looking for the big treasure .
I absolutely disagree with this statement .
There are 7 billion people in the world , and it is increasing rapidly .
How many car for all of people in the world ?
Have you ever driven on the crowded city and moved with 1 km/h .
More people use public transport , less car on the road , you can walk and enjoy the city .
Besides , it 's also an environment problem , exhaust fumes engulfed the earth , more car is used , more exhaust gas release , we are killing our mother .
In addition , those who live on below average incomes do not have money to buy car .
Automobile is luxury in some country , like mine .
It 's the way to prove you wealthy , when you get a car to your home , or go to school , work by a car , people will change their mind about you .
Public transport is being become a must - have mean with many people who have low - income .
In conclusion , Public transport is our future means , I mean for almost citizen .
Not car though it 's convenient .
my favourite sport is swimming , it makes me feeling comfortable and left me in a good mood , i go to swim twice a week , and my advice to anyone want to start to enjoy every moment of it
I have read an article on IFLS talks about a sheep has human face .
It shows in the video that the sheep actually has big nose and lips just like human .
Which is one of the weirdest thing I have seen .
They say the reason why he has a human face is the farmer gave his mom an extra dose of Vitamin A. As a result , that causes the deform in his face .
In my opinion , I think it is just coincidence that the sheep looks like human .
On the other hand , the farmer who owns the sheep refused to sell the sheep for higher price than normal to the circus .
I think the sheep should be transfer to a place where is specialty in animal with same condition .
life is a long journey .everday , we gain more & more experience .
we bocome not only older but also wiser .we learn but the most useful thing to learn is to get in alot of experiences & for sure to make mistakes .but we have to be honest with our selves by admitting our mistakes to avoid them in the future .
I am in Kyoto to eat Yatsuhashi .
I have seen Momiji .
It is very beautiful .
Becsuse there is turening red !
I have never seen this view .
I play badminton with my family last night .
Dear Jo ,
As you know , my grandmother actually lives in France with my cousint Jonh , unfortunately he has to make three months course outside of the country , Jonh will leave France next weekend , but instead it is not possible , I have to go and look after her because none of my family ca nt waist three months over there .
I am so sorry to delaying your visit , which was planned months ago , however as I told you is not in my hand , but I feel like it was .
Why do n't you come to visit France instead Spain ?
Could be amazing !
Just think about it and give me a call .
Send my love to your family , and a big kiss for you !
Dear Sir Stuart Thomson ,
I am writing to you because I would like to book my holiday from 0:00 a.m on Wednesday 26 August to 12:00 p.m. on Friday 04 September .
Yours Sincerely
Mariusz Kaczorowski
Nowadays technolgy is more modern than in the past and people always developing their invention to become more useful .
We as a human who live in these days , we live rely on technolgy , every aspect of our live are supporting by technolgy .
And because of technolgy our lofe become easier .
One of the example is television , in the past we use it only for watching news and movie , but as the time goes and the technolgy is developing t , now television has others function .
Television can be used tor many things , usually we watch television for entertaining , but we can also use it for education too .
These are the proofs that television can also educate .
First , television has many programs which are can be used for education .
Many programs consist lessons for kids to learn , for kids who still want to learn speaking and know the words , it is very useful because many programs are very suitable for their to help them learn faster by watching television .
Besides that we can also use television to make us become knowledgeable , by watching news programs .
Second , tthese days television become modern and it make television can connected with internet .
By that advantage , now we can easily search and get information from the internet by using television .
We can search it on browsing or we can also access youtube to help us .
So we can watching a program that we wanted so we can choose what is good and not .
In conclusion , televeision can entertain and also educate because television programs make it in interesting way .
I will talk about my favourite sport .
My favourite sport is football I enjoy playing football with my friends we play at night it was very excited to play when the sky was rain .
When anyone miss to pass the ball or miss scored a goal we shouting on his face are you crazy how you missed this goal !
But we were too interested .
We enjoy watching football match
my favourite sport is football .
I 'm not good at playing it , if I prefer to play volleyball , but I like to watch the games .
The emotions the only try if you 're a fan of any team , and you know the happiness that you feel when it wins , it 's indescribable .
Footbal is usually a sport that appeals primarily to males , but I 'm a girl that sometimes I realize that I know more than some males .
I started following football in 2007 , just 10 years old , I started because I fell in love with a team that then led me to love football in general .
I like to watch the games at home with my father , but mostly always go to the stadium with my dad , you feel indescribable emotions . and my father was to convey this passion .
The future for the public transport should n't be taken lightly , in my opinion , the public transport is the best option for ending the problems with the traffic jam because when we use a bus or subway , a lot of people is travelling from one place at other in only one transport or vehicle .
For many years the public transport had allowed that the people travel a long distance for work that otherwise would not be possible .
Better still the future of the public transport is essential for a better life without traffic .
When we used the car , for general , one person is the unique who is accustomed to using your own car , so not is exploiting the potential of this car .
At the time , we need more cars for more people , that 's the meaning for more traffic .
it 's for this reason that I think the public transport is a great benefit for the society , and a good way for move us of the one place at other , I suggest that the government has to give more means for the purpose of improving the public transport .
Hi freddy ,
I have recived your letter .
I apologise to you for not writing sooner , but I 've been really busy lately .
Your party sounds extremely enjoyable .
Here , parties are normally for family and friends .
The man usually wear their best suits and the woman have long dresses on
George 's restaurant is a very pleasant place with many tasteful recipes from all around the world to enjoy alone or with your company your dinner .
The Head - chef is an experienced and skillful man in his work .
The food , his team of chefs , prepare is always magnificent and the decoration a piece of art , not to mention that the decoration is fully engaged in the Head - chef .Not only the food but also the restaurant itself is a very beautiful destination .
Designed by famous decorators and their partners .
With the latest technology systems for lighting and beautiful painted walls with great masterpieces of well - known artists and upcoming talents .
Last but not least the service is remarkable .
Waiters being happy to help anyway they can and working hard enough to reach their full potential so they can relish you .
So fairly George 's restaurant is one of the most universally recognized restaurants
I 'm afraid I 'm not quite with you , even approve public transport will get more in the future .
You ca n't disagree our global become urbanization in the future , can you ?
That become our life more and more crowd
Today 's television !
Once you have in mind by inviting others to get home and watch TV is what people expected !
The big deal is entertaining , and quality is part of it .
Keep it in mine what you should do before buying your own dreaming TV .
You should consider that large and being untouchable TV is what you must find in one .
However people nowadays look for a good design and not for quality , the big problem is that prize is against quality , even though a good designing of TV series on well known stores is the big option that we can choose to check .
Consider a good prize and good quality by checking and visiting stores , you should not spend too much money by buying the biggest TV or largest , you can save money by only watching few minutes on stores , have your sit , enjoy and list if you are convinced .
In conclusion , enjoy watching movies in your own TV considering prizes and qualities , some TV brings you the experience to enjoy your favourite movies in other scenery , will you try ?
People who reach 18 have to complete military service is an issue , the supporters suggest that is helpful for the 18 to train the physical fitness and psychological quality , whilst opponents point out that is harmful for the human right and affect development of the country .
Consider both aspects that can be concluded that government should respect the human right and set up a new department which use for people who want to apply to complete the military service .
In my opinion our lives will have a dramatic change in the next 50 years .
You just have to think that 50 years ago we did n't know what a smartphone or a laptop was , in the schools we used book of paper and not tablet or iPad , and now technology is part of our lives .
I think and hope that maybe in 50 years scientists will find a cure for many disease and that would change our life because we could live for more time .
1 , Álamo Street
Alameda de Osuna , Madrid
28042
Dear John :
I want thank you the invitation but I would n't go to the party because is my sister 's s burradas .
I apologise to you .
Best wishes .
Your friend
Maria
I do currently master but I can devote myself to the Fellowship Especially since I finished the Pre - Masters and now I need only follow - up from time to time with my guide Academic , so I have the time for the Fellowship .
I agree with statement that Mark Twain is the greastest American writer .
His works are known by all over the world .
When I read his poem " The adventure of Tom Soyer " I was exited .
The last thriller I have watched is " True Detective " from HBO .
That is eight - episodes film .
First of all I would like to tell about atmosphere of the film .
That is like you are going down down stairs to dark room and feeling curiosity and fear at the same time .
I was impressed because I ' ve never seen before such films .
That slow - motion action is so impressive that I have been seen that only for one day .
Particulary I would like to point Mathew McConnahy 's role .
Philosophy of his hero is so much diffrent we used to think everyday that I have taken a look on my life from another point of view .
Last time I was so impressed from watching " Fight Club " of David Fincher .
I really recommend that movie to watch .
Hi Lara ,
nice to meet you ! I 'm Lorelain , I 'm 36 years old and I 'm from Rome .
My hobbies are reading , travel and cooking .
I usually go to the sea on Sunday moorning .
I 've got one brother , Francis .
I work in advertising , I 'm an account .
I hope see you soon .
Lo
This report is aiming to give a clear idea about the environment preserving in my town .
First of all , the local council organised a competition promoting ecological awareness and encouraging the local community to preserve the community .
Second , New rules were legislated condemning any person intended to harm the environment in any way .
Third , supporting the recycling by inventing three types of rubbish bins for hard wastes , for liquids and the third for clothes .
I am a big fan of Arsenal .
so it comes as no surprise my favourite sport is football .
football is considered to be the most watched and followed sport worldwide .
I would like to look to this sport from different perspectives .
Firstly , football plays a vital role in unifying people locally and internationally , for example it helps US and China to normalize their relations .
secondly , football generates money .
Thirdly , from aesthetic point of view , it was call the beautiful game by Pele .
although I have been playing football for years , I am still not a professional player , this may be because I am not talented .
we will know today some of information about Islam , Islam is great religion come from The Arabian Peninsula and its founded since 1436 years ago .
Mohammed is a kindly prophet born in small city called mekka and travelled to another city closed to mekka called almadina cause the people of mekka were very aggressive and they not accepted the new Invitation for the new religio
Mohammed came back to his town mekka after that and forgave the people of mekka whose abused him
Hello dears ,
we will talk about " How people is live will change in the future ? "
I think the principal thing in our talking is The internet network , computers , technology and communications .
Education will not be in the schools and universities ! , but it will be in the internet by many methods like : Self Education , E learning education , in many web sites like : EDX and Coursera and distance education .
the Shopping also will be in the internet , every thing will b !
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I 'm writing you because I 'm interested in applying the job in summer camps .
I saw the advertisement last week on the newspaper and I think that I 'm the right person for the job .
I 'm forty years old and I have experience about looking after children in my town because I have been working in a toddler school as teacher for four years .
In the other hand , I like swimming a lot and I had been playing tennis in a local team three years ago .
Moreover that I am a kind - heart person who enjoys meeting people a lot .
In your announcement you told about working in kitchens ; I live in a small town and my grandfather was a farmer .
He had lived near our town and I used to spend my holidays with him , and , of course , I used to help him with his cows and rabbits , so I could do this work again for your company .
Finally I think I 'm a friendly woman who likes children and wants to work and learn this summer in U.S.A. so
I look forward your answer soon
Faithfully
The diagrams show how bank notes are made .
Firstly , design the bank notes ' backgroud colour it is artwork security issues .
Second preparation metal plates .
It 's skilled machinists .
Then the sheets of bank notes printd .Printing colour on both sides and sprcial ink or images slightly raised .
When printing finished , they should inspection .
It the most important step .
Printed sheets manually inspected .
Finally , they found good quality sheets and some partially damaged sheeets or bad sheets .
They will packaging and distribution the sheets which is good in there .
In that time they at fist cut into separate bank notes , second they packed the sheets and diapatched .
At the same timebad sheets and bank notes securely destoryed .
Why not?.Firstly , what 's for you education?,It 's very clear for me that education is to create the conditions to do your thinkings grow .
If the way to do that it 's easy and nice I think at the end is better than explain theory concepts .
Other reason for my opinión is that almost all the people preffer use the visual sense and ear to other person more than write and listen for understand new things .
while we are spendind good time watching TV our brain is not in calm , only in an other position different to that ones in the rest od the day .
That 's why I think that it 's a good momento to see the thing through a new glass and that can be a very high opportunity .
Deffinitly , No alwyas , It depend on the kind of programme , but I Think that nowdyas a lot of televisión ofert help to the people develop more effectively .
Hunting is the funniest thing I know . I like to hunt because it is so peaceful to come out in the forest .
I start to hunt when I was seven years old .
I hunt with my dad and my stepdad , we hunt all different animals .
The animals I like to hunt most is birds , rabbits , moose and roe deer .
I hunt most with my dad , and we always have really fun when we hunt but sometimes we can be a bit angry on each other .
Me and my dad have three dogs and we hunt moose , rabbit and roe deer with them .
Their name is Pluto , Krocken and Zelda .
When I 'm with my stepdad and hunt we have very fun because we live in a cabin and it 's a really funny man to I laugh every evening and have very fun .
They 've got many mosses so they shoot very much of them , and they shoot at least every time I am there .
My stepdad shoot a very big moose when I was there with him and I get the trophy of the moose .
Dear all
I Am communicating to you , with the purpose of let yo know that we will set up a meeting at my office with the purpose of discuss how we could use social media to improve the Communication with our suplliers , i think a great time for the meeting could be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
Kind regards
Armando Martínez
Mr. President
I am going to communicate to you something about the military service .
The purpose of this letter is to notificate you some complaints that some citizens has , this is related why only boys have to be in the draft of military service , and girls does not have to .
I think if we want to have equal rights for both .
Kind regards
Cesar Vega
Hello Sam !
How are you ? I fine .
Thanks for your letter .
Yes , I have a favourite restaurant .
It 's near my home .
When I go to the restaurant , I always eat mexican food such as tacos or fajitas .
It 's really good !
I do n't mind eating every day there !
however , I just go to the restaurant in special ocassions , such as my birthday or when I pass a exam .
I would like to go next Friday , do you want to go with me ?
I hope to hear from you soon ,
Bye ,
This diagram is used to illustrate the process of how to making bank notes , covering seven main stages .
First of all , we should thinking out a design and dicide the background colour and artwork , or even security issues .
And then for the preparation of metal plates , the skilled and machinists is considerate .
Nect , printing , sheets of bank notes printed ( 50 bank notes per sheet)colour on both sides , and specWell , the most important step is inspection , we should printed sheets manually inspected .
Have you ever spent the holiday combine fun and knowledge ?
When I used to spend my vacation in Mecca after the doing my Omrah , I visited several places , among them was a house for teaching the holy book of Quran .
This house is characterized as containing large numbers of students who memorized the holy book of Quran .
It is located between the neighborhoods with the aesthetic character if the alhijaz design area .
And conservation mechanism followed in this house encouraged students to become a part in it .
Finally , if you want to rest and good companionship , joined to this house .
Pyramids were not made by machines or computers and that is form the secrets of the ancient Egyptians of how they can build a great building like that form about 7000 years and it is still strong till now!. people from all over the world come to Egypt to see it 's great civilization , around 2 million people come to pyramids yearly you can be one of them .
come visit the land of peace and civilization .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to express my interest in applying for an English course .
First of all I would like to present some background about myself ; My name is said ahmed .
my English language is weak , I like to improve it which complete my post graduate study ,
The reason for choosing this specifically English language in September future I would like to get to know more information about an English language course .
Our school is organizing a fun fair .
This activity is really interesting that you can not miss .
Do you want to know how funny it is now ?
keeping your exciting and joining the event .
you will gain a sense of satisfaction .
There are a number of reasons that you should join the fun fair .
It is meaningful enough that you can raise money for the poor or somebody needs by purchasing .
It is kind of you to join the event and buy something .
It is such a perfect activity that the school can show the great to others .
As one of the members of the school community , you can not miss the event , can't you ?
Also , there are some performances after the fun fair .
It supposes that you can enjoy the show .
If this several reasons why you should take part in the event can not draw your attention , you may try to search some information about the event last year .
It is hoped that the successful fun fair or student 's experiences can attract you to participate the fun fair .
It is believed that the fun fair will be hold successfully too this years .
My favourite sport is fitness . I love go to the gym , because there we will meet new people , make friend and we can relax .
I always go to the gym , I look all the time separate 1 hour and half for that .
When I am there I can relax and I try do not think about my problem and my work .
I enjoy all the time when I am there .
On wednesday after that I go to my belly dance , I love , because I can express all my feelings .
Sometimes We have apresentation and competition .
I am feeling very proud about that .
I think all the people should practice one sport , we can feel better after that and that is very good for our healthy .
Effective teachers have a clear and consistent communication and management skills .
The teacher use lesson time effectively .
Spend less time to pass .
Classroom management is good .
Studies and monitors students ' progress , help them to deal with their problems .
Students must take a serious assessment about himself .
It was a cloudy and cold October night .
I was in a park when i saw a man standing just behind me .
So I started to walk away to there , but the guy start to follow me .
So I should to walk quickly until I can enter in a old and alone house behind the park .
I start to walk through the house until I listen a noise .
Then a ghost appeared in front of me and the guy appears behind me .
Then I woke up and realized it had all been a bad dream .
End .
I live in a small city called Caceres .
this city is located in the north of Extremadura .
In Cáceres take care of the environment .
The People in this city are aware that there are care of nature .
Therefore in this city there are not many factories .
The people recycle the rubbish and they throw the rubbish at diferents containers .
The yellow container is for plastic as water bottles , the blue container is for cardboard as milk brick , the green container is for glass as glass bottles .
Everyday , sweepers clean the Caceres street and the people teach their children that the rubbish do n't throw in the street .
Sagrada Familia , or also called Gaudi 's Cathedral , is a very touristic Roman Catholic church located in Barcelona which is still in construction .
Antoni Gaudi was the Catalan architect who design it in 1798 and in 1882 its construction got started .
Nowadays , due to the actual economical crisis its construction has been stopped with an undetermined data .
It is interesting because it has
Dear Sir or Madam ,
when I was ten years old really I like to play football too much . I have joined football - teams which is near to my home , I prefer to this team because of my family is not reach , they can not provide for my transportation fees to go exercises stadium .
The team is not very famous but I know in the future will be .
I try to be football player in there .
The team name is coming location area which is AKSARAY.I prefer to play and watch football as well .
I want to advise all students that start this sport for heath and to fore way for stress , Sports mean is not like to spell time and to loss calorie .
After making sport you will feel your body to be coming strong and you brain will be with out of stress .
Therefore , everyone must make sport according to them ability .
Finally , I prefer to play football because of my health .
In my life , many dreams have existed in my mind , which is sweet , incredible , magical or horrible .
However , one of dreams is keeping in my heart that I ca n't forget it forever .
One night , as usual , I slept .
In a flash , I rolled down from a mountain and I did n't know where I was .
It just a very long tunnel where was dark and strange , After , I felt my body ache .
I began to yell that hoped someone could save me to leave from here .
Fifty minutes passed , when my body no longer was sore .
I decided to walk to the end .
Constantly , I just walked like without terminal contest .
While I strugged to walk .
Finally , I saw a light to appeare my eyes and I woke up .
Seeing same light appeared my eyes .
It lets me feel that it 's a strange dream .
Nowadays we see an enormous improvement of infrastructure .
Nevertheless travel by car is easier for commute for example , because they can choose a personal timetable without a terrible discomfort of buses ; in addiction there is a fair chance that by the end of this century dwellers will stop travelling by public transport , in special way if the government have invested his money in green energy and we could discover a new green car , which in turn revolutionary our life .
Well , the form that we use the television depend one each on .
Will has people that use the television as fun , most of the time ; but has too their people that use television for searchs .
For example , the chanel '' Animal Planet '' has a lot of informations of animals and how it lives .
In my opinion the people use television for distraction .
When we come after the job , or school , we need a form to relax .
Maybe studies we make otherwise ; in search on computers , in books , etc ...
The television 's use is staying more and more utilized by the people ; so we are getting more problems of vision .
It looks like a kind of addiction ... We need to use the technology on our behalf .
The capitalist 's world make us increasingly become us updated .
So we have to watch the national Journal for keep us connected .
Now a days everybody have conditions to buy a television , so the numbers of the tv viwers get up ; even being poor or rich ; most can watch a movie , or a documentary .
There are no apologizes to be a informed person .
To go shopping , is one of these things that you can love or , like it happen to me , you can hate at all .
Normally , I 'm not spending a lot of time on going shopping , even when I really need something .
In general , I find it very boring and stressed .
If I must do it , my favourite way of shop is the high street of my town , or in another town or country .
These shopping centres , full of people and noise , are crazy !
Shopping online is neither , from my experience , a good way of shop .
In my case , I 'm always wrong with the sizes and to return the products , takes me a long time and a great effort , so it does n't worth it .
Much better is to take a walk in the high street , and make from this time something for pleasure .
Socializing online help us to contact with our friends by easy way in different places and this way cost us money .
Socializing person does not cost us money , but we need one place to contact each other .
Finally , we enjoy in both ways in our life .
For the last years , the public transport has been forget .
Now , public transport is not the future , because travelling by car is much more convenient .
The people who do n't use the public transport , think that travelling by car is much better .
But they do n't know the big problem with the pollution .
I think .
If everybody uses the public transport , the world be much better . and the people will be stress less , because they will be not worried about parking places or be in the traffic .
Maybe it will be a really good opportunity for the people , being more healthy too .
Compared with local bookstores , publishers or media such as newspapers considering the Internet market , public transportation has much better future .
There are two reasons .
The first reason is that public transportation carries humans .
Humans are the most sensitive luggage .
You have to take vary much cares when you carry humans .
Even though people trying to develop drones to reduce logistic costs , it is difficult to apply the technology to carry humans .
The second reason is automatic driving technology needs some more time for the development .
Also , the automatic driving technology is already applied for trains .
The running costs will be decreased .
We are going on a vacation Next week .
We prefer to Take A Flight To Hawaii .
We love to travel there and here , but this is the place I wish to go long time ago .
I hope it would be fun there .and thinking about the beautiful scenery makes me felt that I must go while I can .I ca n't wait till the day comes
Dear |Hadeel ,
How are you doing ?
And how is your family doing ?
I hope you are all doing well .
I received your letter yesterday and I was really happy to hear from you .
Following your letter , I want to tell you about The apartment is very Beautiful not big or small medium - sized left inside two rooms , a bathroom and a dining hall and an external director categorize overlooking a beautiful view I am sure he will like it to come and Tri condo b soon , n the end , I would say that I miss you too much and I hope to see you soon .
Take care and goodbye ! ! !
My favorite sport is swimming .
it 's because swimming is really fun .
Also I think swimming can keep your body fit and it can make the swimmer cool down when it is in a summy day .
The advice that I give to someone who want to start swimming .
It is not be afraid of water , otherwise they may not learn swimming and also when the age become older it will be more difficult to learn than the little .
So these are the advice that i give for them .
English - I find it greating !
I like learning English .
It 's my passion .
I like talking to friends and I can communicate with other people .
I ca n't pronunciate well .
I do n't know the stress of words is where .
it 's so difficult .
So bored when I ca n't continue learn English .
Michael was alittle boy he was 10 years old he went with his parents to his grandfather 's home .
The home was on a shore.there was a tunnel but it 's hole is in the deep.first he used to be polite and obay the other orders .
Once a day he met a girl called sarah she was 9 years old inspite of michael was bigger but sarah could control him.every day they went to the sea playing and swimming until the sun set .once a day sarah made a challange with michael about who can enter the tunnel from the hole in the sea and get out from the other hole on the shore but michael was afraid .he was telling himself which animals could be there or is there were air there but he has no choice so he accepted the challange .sarah told him she will go first.she took a breath ... deep one and started to dive .
Micheal was afraid he was waiting for sara to get out he went to the shore to look if she went from the other side but he found no footprints.his mother called him he went home and still thinking about sarah.it was night and ge was afraid ti get there again.he went to sleep .michael closed the door and knew at this moment he had made a mistake .
An clean or healthy environment is always acceptable to all kinds people .
Our city is quite clean and livable , people are more careful than before .
They are sincerely manage wastage and avoid carbon generated products .
Also obedient to the rules and regulation of the city authority .
Initially , Waste management system of our locality is comparatively effective than before .
Our authority now follow the scientific method for rubbish control ; recycle , reuse , galvanization .
As a result , the city dwellers are now enjoying more healthy environment .
It is a more expected criteria , why the authority step up many organization working for waste management .
Due to our helpful people is works become easier .
Most of the cases , not only my family members but also our neighbor like to avoid carbon level increasing products those are responsible for temperature increase .
Many organizations work for making up the consciousness of the pupil , so people are more sensitive about the environmental pollution .
Now government is working for decreasing smoke emission of the mill and industry .
Scientists and researcher jointly work for carbon emission lessening .
Some advancement happened already , it 's implementation also runs with full speed .
Last but nor least , the strict rules and regulation have more effective impact on to make a good town .
Our authority is more careful about the rules and regulation ; hence no - one can eschew the rules .
The job announcement on your webpage immediately took my attention , as it has always been my dream to work for the German - Norwegian Youth Forum and the requirements meet just the skills that I can provide you with .
The first time I took part in the youth forum was in 2012 and since then it has been a big part of my life .
Influenced by it I started to look for universities in Scandinavia .
Since 2013 I am studying English and Marketingscommunications at University College Syddanmark .
It is well accepted that shopping is not always enjoyable , and following is my reasons .
Firstly , shopping can waste you so much time .
You may not realize when you shopping happily .
But you may find that when you notice you have many things still need to finish .
Secondly , shopping can make you upset because of something you can not afford .
You may come across something , such as luxury bags , but you can not buy it because of the tight budget .
Furthermore , even you just buy something you can afford , you may also waste much more money .
So , based on what I have written , I think shopping is not always very happy . We can find something much happier than shopping easily .
My favourite sport is cricket . I love cricket very much since from my school time .
cricket is a game of bat and ball in which there are two teams which have eleven players on each side .
generally we are using criket ground as a oval shape .
Travelling by car is certainly much more convenient than travelling by tram or trolley bus , which only follow the lines of their routes .
But thinking about the environment , traffic jams and sometimes absence of parking places makes me changing the statement .
On one hand you put all your things in the car and drive anywhere you want to , on the other hand if you feel not very well to drive , you have no money to buy a car or the downtown of your city is closed for all the means of transport except for the public ones : tram , bus or trolley bus is your wayout .
HOW YOU CAN THE BEST LOOK AFTER YOUR ENVIRONMENT ?
Good question about item , how can answer , if you would win £ 100 .
I have a few easy recepts , how you can be a well off £ 100 and how you can help the environment .
Firstly , I describe how I can help my local environment and what I do useful for item .
I am a very stricte keen ecology person for 10 years .
I am interesting about natural ways how we could help in the local area .
I am a serious fan of environment .
I describe how it looking my every day .
I tend to drive with my bicycle from home to work , I do n't used my car or buses for long time , because is not healhty and costs .
A bicycle is for me the best way how we can be do fit and a good condition and also to more less polution without cars .
Secondly , I save water and electricity , because costs are quit expensive .
So , my bills from water are inexpensive , because I swap to have a bath than take a shower .
Next point is an issue , that if I am not at home I do switch off the temperature .
I switch on a home hiting for a temporary time , when I am working off I used more energy to warmht at home .
Next point is a fact , that recycle glass and paper is most important .
I tend to collect in three different boxes of waste , for paper , second for glas and plastic and third for rest rubbish .
It 's a very domestic and a huge issue for us life .
We learn to really segreation of waste and in the future how e.g.:we could use second time a same glass .
Finally , we are obligatory to care about the environment , because it 's us duty .
I think it is true , because o lot of people like travelling by car .
But there are some problems like these - how will drive a lot of people who do n't like to drive or ca nt drive because he has some problems with the health .
Anyway , a lot of people will need some transport in some cases not privat , but public , and we ca nt say that this kind of transport willl not be useful .
May be , in small part
Some years ago when the weather was colder here people had eaten more meat with wine .In fact growing vegetables was not possible because of the weather .
In fact today people interested in drinking wine during participating at parties or meeting with friends .
There are various opinions about how foods plays essential role in our lifestyle .
Potatoes and meat are popular food between our people .
Although healthy diet is quite expensive young people follow special diet in order to have better body shape or healthy life .
Actually modern life affected on our palate changing .Instance some people who work majority of their waking houres prefer to use fast food more .
Our commitments imposes us to forget ourselves and our healthy .
It may be cause increasing wight or reducing the number of necessary vitamines which our body needs .
In my view the reason of having more energy during the day lies in the diet program which is followed by each of us .
In conclution if we have decision to living long following suitable diet is crucial and unavoidable .
The members of my family is no where near my best friends .
You see , I do not see members of ones family ones best friends because personally I did n't and still do n't have a great relationship with anyone in my biological family .
And this may have effected my way of thinking and acting in different situations .
So no , my members in my biological family is n't my best friends .
Dear Sir ,
Thank you for giving me the chance to transfere the information as per your request .
For my town , there are many regulations that are forced by the municipality and environment ministry , such as preventing animals like ( sheeps , horses , cows .. etc ) , from being in the town and in the population areas .
Besides , due to the critical situation we are living and facing in iraq .
As we are fully depending on the indivitual generators , that are causing multiple problems in he weather dueto it 's smoke , the oil and gass left behind , in addition to sound offcourse that are themain source for the 18 countinous hours noise .
people , espicially grnerator 's owner , start using Canaopies , using very long pipes to get rid off as possible as they can from the polution .
Other resedential areas , using their potentialsto maintain the environment by planting trees , roses , having nemourse green spaces .
Also recycling the trushes are a very inteligent way to keep the town clean , and get multiple use of the products in industry lines .
on the Otherhand , eldest people in our city having many socity responsiblties that are encourging the youngest ages to participate in the annual gardening festival , for the indoor and outdoor gardens .
Finally , we always believe that one hand can not clap .
Although , each house can make a real difference by taking good care of the infront area and keeping it clean .
Hope that those information are of good use .
Regards .
Michael and Marcuangolo were friends but in the school they were enemies .They had amazing battles in the playground .
One day at the end of the classes , Marcuangolo wanted to hit him , and Michael ran away .
Michael stopped and hit his enemy .
Marcuangolo fell in the street .
A car crashed and Marcuangolo started bleeding .
Michael took his enemy to the hospital .
There was a doctor at the emergency room and Michael explained the problem to him .
The doctor was angry and Michael cried .
They brought Marcuangolo to a room and put the boy in a bed .
The doctor ask for his phone number and he phoned his parents .
Michael understood that he must take away .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
As soon as I came on university , my life changed .
Before I entered university , life in high school had n't a lot of friends and I was so lonely but after I started to study at Ton Duc Thang university , I became more happy , comfortable and interactive .
In my class , I have a group of close friends , and they treated me very well .
I'll have a friend at university because I scared strangers .
The first day when I studied at the university , I had a lot of friends .
we sit around together and talk about where they live .
At the weekend , I like going for a walk and get some fresh air with my friend .
We laughed and eating together .
I was very happy at the time , and I have the friend sincerely .
I expect we 'll be the best friends forever .
it was a wonderful experience with me
I was walking to football training session with my friend Michal last week .
It was raining and it was dark .
The weather was horrible .
We were talking about the last match , we were discussing our faults , when suddenly we heard a loud noise .
It turned out that a bus hit a lorry just in front of us .
The people were screaming .
Some passengers were hurt and weak .
I ran to help them and also we called the ambulance .
The police came after 5 minutes and the ambulance too .
It was a scary situation .
We were shocked !
Hi Isabel
I am living in Deria which is located in Dubai .
It is small and quite city .
I like the Indian resturants in the city , in addition infrastructure and roads are well orgnaise .
obeying to the statement above , it 's necessary to say that is a very interesting topic , because it 's quite related to actual problems , such as problems in the environment .
This is to say that most part of cars are not green , namely , current cars are not designed for generate a good impact in the environment .
Regarding the reason for the described situation is due to the strong economic interests of oil companies which are intended to get as much money as possible , regardless of the damage that they are causing to species of plants and animals .
Thus , the question is , travelling by car is so much more convenient for whom ?
For multinational maybe ?
Or for some consumers that can afford a toxic and expensive car ?
, even though , when the public transport gets so crowded , is less harmful indeed , in terms of the impact received by the environment , because it means more individuals in the same place , meanwhile each new car means increasingly pollute .
Travelling by would be more convenient with a good conscience of protect the planet .
The idea of banned cars from the centre of all major cities have advantages and disadvantages .
The good things about not allow cars in the cities centres are that the traffic will be reduced , the trips will be faster and the contamination will be less .
On the other hand the bad things are that you have to park out of the city centre and these areas will be crowded , you could n't visit places with your car and people with physical problems could have difficulties with public transport .
In my opinion it is a good idea , but perhaps the restriction could have exceptions for certain people and certain days and hours , or if you need to visit a particular place with your car you could ask for a special permission .
The village I live , there is a lot of vegetation for that reason we try to protect environment , some of the things we do is to give mantainance every week to the vagetation zone checking if there is any garbage , to avoid this we teach the younger 's enviromentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , paper , or , candies to the floor they also can help the older people , there are cases which a person throws garbage to the street's , floor or to the vegetation to avoid that happening again we have a punishment that is to pay some money if the do n't they wo nt be allowed to enter the village park and zoo again , unless they were visitors , in that case we told him or her the way we live in the village and , we give him or her advises to keep a beautiful place without garbage .
More environmentalist action we use is to protect the wildlife by takeng care of themthere is to that we have a center of care and , other more institutions , we also make environmental protection centers were people can visit and learn about this to sum up our village is very concentrated on taking care of the natural world that sorrounds us
Dear Sir / Madam
I am one of a student in Telemark University College .
I am studying Literature and Language bachelor programme .
I am interested in this major so much .
But it is not relevant for my future life .
If it is possible , I would like to change my study programme .
It is from bachelor programme to 1 year 's programme .
Could you help me please ?
Sincerely
Lian Glai Hu Patel
Studentnr : 012345
Hello Jo !
how are you?I have just received your letter .
In my country there are many interesting places to visit and is a country to improve with your job , also is easy to start a job.there are many jobs access and many different types of jobs .
this country are many interesting pLaces to visit , if you wantto have adventure you have to go to the aconcagua in Mendoza .
If you want to have fun you may go to parque de la Costa there are many interesting rolercoasters .
And if you want to go the best museum of art in Argentina you should go to malba .
see you soon ,
Richard .
In my opinion public transportation is most convenient way to travelling . The air pollution is a one reason that I prefer public transportation .
On the other hand it is very economic than owne car .
Whatever you can save the time and go any where more quickly by public transport .
Nowdays , in school we learn a lot of subjects , which we less or more use in our lives , some of them are really important , but some of them are just wasting of time .
On the one hand , we had n't to range subjects by their
I was born in Danderyds hospital 2001 .
When i was born i weight 3650 grams and i was 52 centimeters tall .
I have one big brother he is 14 years old and goes to mörby skolan .
I have only lived on one place in my life .
I like parkour because its really fun i also like guitar and playing video games .
The best place i 've visited is probably orlando because i like all the amusement parks and roller coaster .
My favorite is the hulk roller coaster at universal studios .
My favorite foods is pizza , tacos and Kebab .
The given topic to write about is a common issue now a days in my country .
Public transport is not convenient for most of the people because every person wants to reach on time at his place but using public transport it is very difficult to reach on time .
FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY 'S
all begins in 1981 when freddy fazbear 's pizza open , the establishment it 's a pizza restaurant but this pizza restaurant in had robots , in 1981 there were four animatronics and their names are Chica , Foxy , Bonnie and Freddy .
Three robots in specific hour make a show with instruments like a band .
Foxy the pirate makes a show individually in her pirate cove , The children loves Foxy because plays with the kids making questions about the pirates and count a pirate story .
When freddy begin to sings the kids screams and they sing with Freddy the famous Freddy Fazbear 's Song , Bonny plays the battery and Chica serves the pizza to the children , This year the stablishment close because they found the body of a dead child .
In 1983 The pizza restaurant reopened with more security and robots with more friendly appearance .
The establishment seek a security guard who had to keep the pizza restaurant at night , I am the security man .
When I saw the advertisement about the job in this moment I think that is very easy , I called the number , they give me the information and I accept .
The rules are simple just see the laptop , watch the animatronics , wait to 6:00am and close the doors if you needed I say OK .
My first night was easy because only see the screen and pass the camera to camera and nothing strange happened , I could only hear footsteps and noises .
My second and third night they were very strange because in the cameras the animatronics move as if it wanted to get to my room and do something to me .
The fourth and fifth night were the worst because the animatronics were very active , closed it and opened the doors because they try to get into my room .
but I could survive the night .
After tonight remove me the place and never went back to Freddy 's Pizza
Dear Linda ,
Imy name is Lorenza .
My height is 1.65 metres .
My hair are browns and my eyes are dark . I will arrive in the Central Station at eleven o'clok and I will wear a read cot and a yellow scarf .
See you later .
Thank you very much .
Lo
Hi friend ,
In this holiday I go to Barcelona with my girlfriend .
It is an amazing city , it is really enjoy .
You can see monuments , theatres , beaches and different shops .
It is the most European city of Spain .
Rosetta becomes first spacecraft to orbit .
After a long flight , it reaches the orbit that is very long way far out of the solar system .
NASA replied as a very amazing achievement that Rosetta reaches out of solar system .
This may become a have leap after Armstrong landed on the Moon .
NASA replied that Rosetta will keep on its journey on travelling across the Universe .
Travelling by car becomes a comfortable factor nowadays because we can stop and go whenever we want , we can start at our desired timings .
This would gradually kill public transport .
One more reason is that banks provides loan at a lower interest which makes people to buy one to improve their comfort level .
People 's lives will not change if they do n't change themselves .Everyone want to improve his life to be better but how without doing anything . we must to start with education and healthy which are most important things to be better .
everyone need to focus not only his education but also on others .
To learn , to read , to be knowledge .
We need to focus on our inner skills and improve it .
No progress will happen without plan .Each one has a dream want to achieve it but first of all he need to put a plan and also cognitive one .
Our great example in changing is German .
after the second world war the improved themselves in 50 years and became one of the most developed countries .
In my city is very usual to find many dog 's shits in the road .
Is a big problem and it is almost a miracle not stepping one .
The solution I think would be to fine to owners .
I think that not is a problem of awareness .
I think the people know that his dogs litter the city but they prefer not to do nothing .
It is easier and more comfortable .
If they would had to pay then they would do .
In general the city looks clean .
The cleaning services work well .
Normally in the night .
In the hall tow care about city Center .
There are plants everywhere .
Madrid has many parks and many trees .
These also can be a problem because recently they are falling because they are older .
The hall tow has created a group that works studying the tree 's age to prevent further falls
We should must proper planing for our city to proper look after of it .
Actually , there are many huge problems are in your city just as there are no any proper drainage system for it not any specific canal system through which we can properly cleaned our city .
There , is another issue that is due to huge transport but little bit road they are not wide enough so that most of people are distributed due to these issues .
Dear Mrs. Kate Ashby ,
Hope all is well with you .
I would like to invite you in exciting job offer for your weekends in my cafe .
your position is manager of Green Pepper cafe , so you will b responsible for managing all level and add you experience in order to improve our cafe .
Also you will managing approx . 16 person and you will have a full privilege to handle them as you like .
we are locking for salary range between 42 $ to 90 $ per hour , and only 2 day per weak .
I hope to except my offer as soon as possible , and I hope to see you with our staff as well .
our address is 12st , Arizona , united state .
tel : 001012345678901
thanks in advise .
Amr Hamdani ,
CEO , Green Pepper cafe
Istanbul Locate in turkey .
It is the capital city of turkey and it takes a large area on the some there are a lot of people where living in Istanbul .
Istanbul buildings so simple and have special design then other cities .
I think it will be ghanged to be come bubile city and contin more of high building .
What erer , if it change or not , I will like it more than any place in the would .
Hello ,
My name is Alejandro Martín , I 'm 30 years old , I have heard about your organization and I would like to work for you .
It 's known that the different recently situation that there are now with young people .
I used to go to a Christian school here in Granada , in this school there were good values like share or help to other person .
Moreover , my parents , who are teachers , they have been teaching me how I must educate , for several years .
I asked myself If I had had the possibility of change the world , I would have tried to do all that in your hands .
I always think this , because teenagers are the change of our planet .
So , if you need a person like me , I would like to work with young people .
I 'm looking forward to your reply
Best of wishes .
Alejandro
I was born 2001 in august the 10th in Danderyd .
I have two little brothers , Gus and Soren .
I have always lived in Danderyd .
My favorite sports/ hobbies is windsurfing and sailing .
The best place i ever have been on is an island in the east archipelago in Sweden .
Its not much trees there and a lot of high mountains .
There is much that i 'm proud of in my life but actually i do n't know what i 'm most proud of .
A very big weakness i have is that i can forget nearly everything especially homework and other school stuff .
Three words that describe me really good is :
happy funny and sometimes bothersome
A thing that i would like that people knew is that its not a good idea that wake me when i m sleeping .
I do n't actually know .
some day i want to go to Bali because it 's seems like a really nice place .
three things that i could do with is a bike , to be sick and bad computers .
my favorite movie is the wolf of wall street .
i do n't have a favorite book .
my favorite song is prayer in C
my favorite singer is AVICII
Simpsons or family guy .
my favorite food is fillet beef with bea and pommes .
my favorite restaurant is TGI fridays .
when i learned to wind'surf .
If you have a car you would probably think that travelling by car is better than by bus , but there are a lot of people who does n't have a car so they are used to go by bus and for them this way of travelling has become more conveniet because they have done it since they were children .
Then whatever the opinion you get is the result of the social situation in what you live .
Most people say that using public transport is better than using cars , and they say that its cheaper and better for the environment , about me I think that cars is easier and affordable way to transport between places , because cars is here any time and so near to your home instead of public transportation which you should take a walk to reach it in most countries , and also cars available all the time , you can go at 4 am and no one say anything , because its yours , but most public transportation is available only for the day hours and few hours at night , in emergency situation for example , what you will do , if you do not have your own car , your kid is sick , or you wife or your old parents , and in general the more we depend on ourselves the more our government able to help the poverty and homeless people out there , who really need more help and aid from the public community , we merely ask the government to improve streets and the traffic light systems , and more oil stations and parking in the streets , to be able to drive and move easy and safe and in a short time .
Everyone use public transport every day .
It is difficult to imagine how we can live without it .
But in spite of this a lot of people have a dream about a car .
The most said that using a car more convenient than using a public transport .
Of course private transport has a lot of advantages like : you do n't need to wait for a bus at the stopes or you can go every where you want in the time convenient for you .
Dear Alex ,
Long time no see .
How are you ? You know , it has been a long time since we have met each other why do n't we go to the cinema .
We are going to find a romantic movie or fiction movie .
So what time will you finish session ?
I will wait for you in the gate cinema .
Please respond at your earliest convenience ,
Best ,
Phuong .
27-dresses is a romantic comic and funny film , it is recommended for all ages .
I saw it with my family , my children and my husband , we had a good afternoon .
The film is based on a girl , she is invited to many weddings in which she is a maid of honor in all of them .
She has twuenty seven dresses of maid of honor , meantime , she call in love with a boy who is very handson , but he is working in a magazine and he has written about weddings in the city , he is a good writer , and she unknowns that .
The plot is well constructed , since the beginning becomes quite gripping .
The main characters , the actors are very younger and enjoyable .
This history develors a mixture of themes that courage , family values , friendly and love .
In conclusion , if you want to have a good time , you shoudl go to the cinema to see this film with your family , because it is an interesting and emotional film .
Nowadays we have a lot of environmental problems .
Transport polution is one of the most dangerous .
Almost every family have more than one car .
As a result roads are overloaded and long kilometres traffic jumps damage open air .
On the one hand that quantuty of cars ca n't be forbidden , because it 's personal right to have it or not .
On the other hand the government should think about some measures for protecting environment .
For example inventing severals special dates in a year for using only public transport .
Also improving measure might be as an encreasing green areas in cities and towns .
Rivers and seas are in danger too .
Unfortunately many tourists do n't take care about saving personal spaces ( on the river bank or on the sea beach ) in clean .
Factories damage nearest areas and water extremaly bad .
In my opinion , firstly , new bilding on the banks must forbidden at all .
Secondly , rules for tourists about caring environment must be very strick .
I think , nature'll get the most important benefits if everybody takes care about own space in the best way .
When it comes to health , it does cover physical and mental status too .
Sports is a unique way by which a person can maintain his or her health including both aspects that are physical and mental .
My favorite sport is Hockey .
The different formats of cricket allow me to maintain my health based on time available after earning my bread for the day and it is needless to say after sharing the precious moments with my lovely family .
I often participate in friendly matches to keep physical abilities up to the mark .
While putting lot of stress on physical abilities , it is needless to say the day can be tiresome if one may decide to play in the longer version of the game , but it is equally challenging how you would keep up your mantle status .
It does require to explore your brain while developing strategies against the opponents .
It becomes essential to create a spontaneous Plan B when Plan A did not work .
Top of all , one has to learn to maintain the sportsmanship , irrespective of the result or heated moments on the field .
In the present world television is very important .
But sometimes it can also affect us in a negetive way .. most people around the world can see any news in live.media is more help full for the people .television is also using as a study material for example smart classes ,
online courses etc . television is more important media we can improve our language with the help of the television.now we can see
that so many films with the help of television and we can see other programs also.according to the present world without television
no one can live as a human being so that we can say that television is more impotent .
Michael was a serious boy , he had the ability to behave in good mannar , help his parent with daily activities .
Michael 's parents were absolute poor , they hardly paid school fees for him although they did their best to see him be educated .
One day , Michael were going to school for his final examination .
saddenly , an old carried a heavy load hit him and fall down .
When he got up he insulted him and tried to beat him , when he returned home , he closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My name is Natalia Goraya .
I am from Lviv , Ukraine .
I am 30 .
Your summer camp is the best place to demonstrate me .
I can speak English , Russian and Ukrainian .
I am a reliable , easy - going , hard - working person .
I am prepared to look after children .
I work as a teacher for ten years .
I am also a volunteer in the youth church club .
All free time I work with children and teach them .
I usually go camping with children to the mountains .
On holiday we do different sports , cook in the fire and have fun .
I am the right person for you .
hello!I am 32 years old girl from Italy .
I really love take care of myself and so the last years I decided to do walking every day in the evening .
It 's takes 1 hour and at the end I am very happy and in a good mood .
I love walking near the arbour of my city , so I can have a look to the beautiful sea ! when I walk I feel the clean wind and so I take long breaths .
If you walk on the seaside in the evening you can have also the possibility to see the sunset over the sea .... that ' great emotion ! I feel good in that way and even my soul can have a breath .
I suggest everybody having the same evening walking , you need just a pair of comfortable shoese !
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is cheaper than public transport .
commuters prefer to travel by car compared to public transport .
The main reason for people do n't like to travel by public transport is due to overcrowding
Travel by train is very expensive nowadays .
People prefer the car rather than public transport due to sexual harassment .
Dear Federico ,
Like you know , I was work in a youth camp the last year , so that if you want to take this job I would like say some things that will help you .
In the positive side , the size of the groups is really small .
I had 25 children and it is a good number for working well .
This kind of job is very useful if you want improve your English skills .
I recommend this experience .
On the negative side are the labor conditions . The money is not enough for pay the level of living in London and else the money for " travel expenses " , in my case , arrived until November !
Can you believe it ?
In any way , I recommend that you take the job for August , because I have listened that in this month the organization is better than in July .
I wish you luck and a good experience .
Regards , Alex
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately , that ha has planned two weeks ago
this episode was his sister 's birthday , " Now it is the suitable moment to announce her about surprise " peter said .
Then peter stared " happy birthday my lovely sister " peter said and gave here key of a car
Sara was so amazed and hug here brother and grateful him .
after that the celebration was began and a lot of their friends have attended each one presented a gift for Sara , she was very delighted and suddenly the doorbell been rang
she was her old friend Tia .
Sara stood and stared here for a few minuets and hug here and bowed here for coming and thanks here they had n't meet for several years after they have finished their study .Really it was great moment and stay speaking together about many things and call the best moment that collect them together , stay speaking until the evening .and agreed to visit their collage at the weekend to recall the best memories , peter who is arranged this celebration and connected with Tia and prepared for all this happen Sara never forget that day .
Nowadays , each family has several cars to use for their daily needs .
It 's much faster much more convenient than using public transportation .
The only drawback that comes along using cars is limitation in fuel resources .
However , it seems that each day a new source for extracting fuels is exploring .
Beijing is the capital of China , it is the political , economical and cultural center , but also a city of long history .
It was the capital of Ming dynasty and Qing dynasty.so it has many ancient architecture , like Ming Tombs , the Summer Palace , The Temple of Heaven , the Forbidden City .
Especially the Forbidden City is the largest architectural complex which is best - kept in the current .
It represents the highest architectural achievement in the ancient China .
The Great Wall is located in the north of Beijing .
It is more than thousands of mails long .
It has been starting build from Qin dynasty , Its use was to resist Huns , but now it is a great place to visit .
These architecture also represents the culture of China .
Beijing is also a city which has many kinds of snacks and foods from different countries .
You can taste Peking Duck , Sichuan spicy diced chicken , Henan stewed noodles and Yue dishes ...
Now Beijing is a large international city , it will inherit the elements of history and develop much better .
" The reality of transportation is that it is future oriented .
If we 're planning for what we have then we are behind the curve " , Anthony Fox .
Transportation has a major role in a society as life revolves around motion .
When we talk about convenience , comfort and safety then private transport is more likely to consider .
In certain emergency cases , running for a bus seems harder than jumping up in your own car .
Private transport is totally on your own , so there remains no tension of reaching a certain station on a specific time .
Travelling privately makes one free of the issues as harrasment .
Although many transport providers look forward to eradicate this problem , yet it remains .
Public travelling may trouble the passengers due to increasing fares .
People often tend to go on their own as private transport such as cars can be bought easily on loans provided by banks .
Looking on a wider span , cars are these days available according to the public demand .
For instance , fuel - efficient , luxurious and economical cars are easily available .
With the advancement of the automobile industry , public transport will not be considered as the first choice in the coming years .
The above discussion suggests that people find private transport a safer , convenient and comfortable mode of travelling .
The city was deserted that night , as Michael and I wandered through the narrow streets .
It had been raining earlier and the full moon shone brightly on the wet stones .
Suddenly we heard the sound of running footsteps .
Then there was a cry and the footsteps stopped .
Nervously , we walked back .
Perhaps someone had been killed , or kidnapped in the street
We were going to see what happened , and we had something to see .
There was one old granny who was beat up .
We try to gave her help but she was so heavy and we could not do that . Than we were trying to find help ,
but nobody was opening doors .
On our luck I had a mobile phone , but Michael was saying that we need to escape because we did not know are those bullies near the corner .
My plan was to phone my dad and an ambulance and I 've done that .
After we came to the ambulance , police come and one patrol was catching those man who made that to that granny and the other patrol was talking to us .
I found out that granny name is Rose and she had got operation after the accident .
To our relief , she was saved and when we went to granny room , we saw smile on her face .
We were also happy , but in Michael head came a lot of things .
He knew that if we escape at that moment when the granny was at the ground , she would most probably die .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My name is Kamaldeen I 'm 31 years old I 'm married and I do n't have children .
I moved with my family from Jordan to Saudi Arabia in 1995 .
I began studying when I came to Saudi Arabia in third grade .
I rose up in Al Qassim region and I lived the best time in my life in Al Qassim .
I have big family contains from my father and mother and I have seven brothers and three sisters .
I studied in Al Qassim University and my major Microbiology .
I graduated from my college in 2001 after that I got job in ministry of health and I have been working there since 2010 .
I like a lot of activities such as travelling , readillng , play soccer and watch movies .
I still believe that public transport will be more popular in the future due to benefits it provides for us . Travelling by car is more convenient but expensive .
Travelling pubic is cheaper .
On the other hand , not everybody can own the car .
Public transport is suitable for those who have no own car .
Besides , public transport will reduce traffice jam .
Today , government focus on how to improve public transport and they also increase their supporting .
So public transport is improved continuously .
I think it will be the favourite transportation for all of us .
My favorite sport is volleyball .
This sport cause fresh and jolly me and I think will exercise cause healthy.if you start volleyball , you need a ball and piece of ground that separate with tie .
Shopping takes place the biggest part especially to women , but sometime it becomes not so enjoyable and I agree with this statement .
First of all , shopping is not satisfying when you are tired , or you are hungry , or maybe it is just your personality who does n't like crowds of people walking around .
Secondly , if you can not find what you are looking for , you will not beam with happiness .
What is more , you will not be satisfied with the shopping if you lack money and can not afford to buy the thing which you really want .
To sum up , I would like to say that , if you are in bad mood or lack of money then you will not be able to feel pleasure of it .
Human live has change a lot in the last years , and it seems that this will happened faster every day , the technology advances and the changes in the way of thinking , are adapting to a different kind of people with each human generation .
Technology advance way to fast and it is really difficult guessing what kind of stuff or artefacts will be fifty years from now , but we can guess some ideas like flying cars , smartphones with the size of a small paper , laptops really thin like quarter of inch , clothes that clean itself or change the color and shape , healthier food , smarter electrodomestics .
All this will help people to live easily , but only to have more time to work , because the type of mind that reign that time will focus in the companies and make money and spend it , this is the reason why a lot of jobs are changing to a home office and the firms are giving more and more facilities to their employees to be more efficient .
At the end , the kind of live that we will see in fifty years from now will have a lot of stuff to help the people to have a more comfortable , easier and faster way of live , but this will be only to meke more money and consume more and more , also the things will be faster of waste to make the people to change their apparel more often and create a consumerism .
Nowadays , an increasing number of people are concerned about the phenomenon that armland , forest and wetland is disappearing for some long - term human activities , for instant housing and transport networks is builded by destroying the balance of environment .
Firstly it is clear that more house and transport networks is convenient for our people , what is knowed to us is that the population growth is a big problems , which is needed for more palce to living .
And builing more transport networks is also benifit for us , for example , the high - speed rail can be shorteded our time in traveling.while the animal may not welcome to it ,
In order to command the psychology of user , it was necessary for me to know the new tendency of UI
design .
Therefore , with the good UI design , many people will have the user experience with pleasure .
The good user experience will be good to collect data and be good for making a decision in commerce .
Once upon a time there was living a little girl in a small town .
She was very shy , sensitive and embarressed .
She dreamt about living in a big city where anyone would n't know her .
She had just wanted to hide from this world .
Her name was Lora .
Lora has grown up and become a very pretty adult .
She has mooved to Kyiv , graduated from university and started to work .
Althought she tried to hide she has become a great and a famous model .
She has even got a boyfriend , Michael .
She loved him ..
He was her first man , best friend and lover .
He was everything for her .
He loved her for her flame .
He wanted to own all she had .
From time to time it seemed to him that he loved her .
But it was very short emotion .
Once Lora came and told him that she was sick .
She cried .
But Michael was n't worried .
Lora noticed his coldness .
She asked him to go .
She was killed by his coldness .
He went out .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Football is my favorite sports In my life.so,I pay more attention to it than any other things you might think of .
I had been following series of football 's events in and around the world at large .
I took this time to command people who are sacrificing their entire life of the betterment of sportsmanship .
With all that , I do have my favorite club team n country as well .
And also have my favorite players , Ronaldinho , Messi and Eto'o .
My favorite club is Barcelona and country is Cameroon although that I am from Liberia .
I know football does n't go by sentiments but the love of choice and what desire you the best .
What really makes me to love Barcelona is that they play the football , instead of them running around .
They always bring talented players that will make the club be more improved tactically.people always say this;"Barcelona does n't buy players"it 's not like , they are lacking money .
We do essential purchasing of players to save more money .
You have to save money for players to enable you to pay them on time .
As normal humanbeings , you have to know how to spend money , where , when to spend it.it's not because you have more money then you lavish it .
So , i love my team and my staff and how they run things in my team .
The facts should not be hidden Barcelona is the best club team in the world , you like or not .
I am writing about the international sports I have seen monthly magazine .
I enjoy this sport because it is comfortable and elegant also you never hurt yourself badly .
Furthermore , you also have a lot more confidence in yourself .
The advice I would give to someone who starting this sport .
first of all you should eat healthy food to have a good physic , do more exercises and sleep less .
Most people who play Tennis are always ready and proud about themselves .
Every day I wake up at 05:00 AM and go to bed at 10:00 PM .
I reach home at 13:00 then I take my lunch and relax for an hour .
In the evening I watch movies .
we all know that do sport is very important to keep our life healthy and happy .
My favourite sport actually is walking;and I prefer walking in the morning and before sundown .
I like also walking in public street , gardens , clubs and on the shore.when i want to go anywhere;I do my best to go on foot .
I like this sport since my childhood because I found that I can think about my good time when I was child and relax with myself to think carefully about my present and future .
The walking can also fitness and do the knee stronger .
It would be interesting to accompain your best friend or your beloved to enjoy your time .
I advice my guys who suffer from laziness and overweight , try to walk one hour at least and after that they will like this sport .
Hi !
I want to begin with one thing : I do n't have a favorite sport or something on that , but I really like to do exercises for my body .
I think it 's important to maintain our tone and of course our health .
Because , when we practice a sport or some simple exercises we feel how the body receives energy , that it 's happening with me .
But we have concrete examples , which we should wear follow and which already demonstrated that nothing it 's impossible .
Like Nadia Comaneci or Gica Hagi , they are two people which succeeded in their sport but with perseverance and ambition .
They are passionate by that they do , more concrete those are fall in love with their job .
It is an important thing to love and like a lot what we practice , because that it 's the key .
The pleasure and your will will help you to succeed and to get the best scores .
In my point of view , this subject , the sport , the favorite sport is one of most pleasant for me .
I love to do joking in the morning and then to do a lot of exercises for my legs and arms .
If I do that , now the day is one of my best days , it 's a managed day for me .
In conclusion , I do n't have a favorite sport , I like to do a little of all and I do n't refuse nothing .
Flori .
This crime was happened about six years ago .
It was in Italy , exatly in Bergamo .
Yara finished one of your training .
Her parents , after an halp past hour of the training 's finish , became preoccupied .
The parents called her , but she did n't answer .
Then , when she did n't return at home , her parents reported the passing of their daughter .
The surveys were concentraded above all in the construction site of Mapello .
In December 2010 , Fikri was banged - up by the police .
Three month after her passing , she was rediscovered dead along the stream .
Definitely , the public transportation does n't have any future .
A good amount of the population prefer to buy a car to go to the school , work place , church on a faster on comfortable way .
Every year thousands of car are sell and the demand is growing .
Probable the only opportunity to change this will be to remark on people the opportunity to save energy and diminish the environment contamination if we use public transportation .
Television has many advantages .
It is not only entertains , but also educates .
There are many educational programmes which we can get penfit of it .
Good films can also entertain and educate at the same time .
Football is the most popular sport followed in Italy and in Europe , in fact there is some important tournament where participate all important Europe team , They are called " Champions League " and " Europa League".football is a team sport in fact in this sport participate everyboby without exclude nobody .
The people start to play football in a regulatory pitch , after some time they will be tired , but it is normal because their muscles are not enough strong for running around the pitch for many times .
If you often train your muscles will become very strong .
Another thing you do not have is the ball control .
The ball control is the control you have when you run with the ball .
you can improve it running with the ball and gradually you will improve your ball control .
How to make true mistake ?
I 'll tell you a story happened at school
as any normal pouring day when you teenager in school never ever end , but a one day was the best day from any other pouring normal day because i learn how live as powerful smart girl who used to let the other us her because she want to feel needed from my friends but i did not have many friends in school except " Michael " .
all my class called me creep ugly geek but still little good only when a teacher want from them a research or the exams
are next couple days but Michael trying to stop me doing that because they never become my friends and i was bigger to do this things ;
that day i just finish help younger student to understand his math lesson My friend Michael asked me to do the same to give her answer sheet for all final exams i was in bi shook why she want that from me any way i collect my courage told her that was wrong and become to do that in college better to start study now and I 'll help her to study the hard lessons ( i was very sad to say no & she asked me that)she become very angry and told me i should help her because we she was my best Friend then i told her that why i told her NO and she told me i hate you
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Pollution as a problem in the environment
Years ago , pollution was not a big problematic to deal with .
Technology was not as advanced as it is now , so the amount of waste was small .
Our ancestors used to live in a unselfish life .
Nowadays , pollution is a plobelmatic that we have to solve before it gets worse .
A new way of transport mut be included .
We are used to driving a car and we do not notice how much damage we cause . We should start using new ways of transport as go by bike or by walking .
Not only will solve pollution , also it will help us to discard obesity .
We Should include new alternatives of transport in our routines .
Rivers and seas are victims of modernization .
We have no idea of how much damage factories causes to the rivers and seas .
In fact , the factories waste goes to the rivers .
The government should improve a new law to regularize this damage .
As we can see modernization is causing damge in rivers and seas .
In my opinion , Pollution is a problematic on the entire world , not only in modern countries , so we should try to recycle more , any kind of help is necessary .
Dear grandmother ,
How are you ?
I haven't seen you for a long time .
I have a new beautiful pair of shoes .
These are white with black and blue lines .
I love it .
My mother gave me for my birthday .
I 'm going to celebrate my birthday next week in my house .
Would you like to come ? I 'm going to invite all my friends and family .
It 's going to be amazing .
See you soon .
Jazmin .
Hi Jo ,
I am very happy because the time spent very fast .
I did n't have anything news about you .
You can come here when you have time because my house is your house .
While you are with me , you will do curriculum vitae and after we will travel around my country and we will become a good workerds .
This idea is fantastic , although this will be very complicated .
However the best option is that you came here and after I present my friends and their fathers because they can help with your job .
On the other hand , I do n't recommend travel because this is very expensive .
If you came here , you will see a lot of country and you travel around the world .
But it is your decision , these options are my advice .
I will look forward to your notice about your decision , but I am very nervous because if you are with me , I will have the best summer in my life and I will be very happy because we will do parties with a lot of friends .
You must remember that the money are very important in your decision .
noticia
And i went to open the door .
I was really comfortable in my bed i coudnt belive that someone interrupt my calm .
But , whatever , i wen .
To the door and open it , result that was my brother .
After that say hi and go with him inside , he told me that our mom was goon to a trip for a week and we have to take care of my little sister .
I was a little worried because i love my sister but she was younger and i had a lot of work .
Whatever i decided to said yes and prepared myself to take care of her .
My brother go and he promised to return later with my sister .
I closedthe door whishing never have to opened again , then i went to the bathroom and took a relax shoower .
I practise Pilates Method every Sunday morning .
I like this sport because it is a simply healthy sport that respects my body .
I practised danse a long time ago but with ages , I 've preferred to practise an easier sport .
I discovered Pilates 2 years ago and began with a old Bejar dancer .
He took time to explain each movement and made me understanding the concept .
After 10 times I obtained results on my body : stretch , sinewy and flexible .
If I could give advices to new practisers of Pilates , it should be to read a book about this method and to take time choosing a goog teacher .
A few years previously I took part in one programme name called Christmas Drama .
In my school ages I did not participate any programme even sports .
Because school teachers never encourage me to participate .
If they told me to attend compulsory I will do without any hesitation .
While I were in ANDRAPRADESH every year we have Christmas function in December although we are not interested to attend Drama they were not leave us without participation even simple character .
They gave me a character like THE GOD .Firstly I never aware about how act and do this particular character .
And from October to till December we practise everyday after our study hour up to eleven " O"CLOCK.DAY BY DAY I learn and finally I did my role well .
Then I think myself why I wasted all my school days .
Personally I believe that those who are not participate any activity the teachers has them to encourage .Then only they also know how talented they are .
Every student should attend and show their talent .
After some ages we can not attend any this type of activity because we all are become old .So let do and enjoy your young age be happier .
The future of public transport in developed countries is very different , because most people have a car , in the people who live in poor countries , most people take public transport , because people does n't have a car and is cheaper take public transport , the pollution of public transport is huge and is growing third world countries should have , eco friendly transport .
I did n't use to believe in that people would do everything for advantage , even betraying family and friends .
I thought that was only seen in film .
The real world would not like that .
I strongly believed people would rather have love in the heart than everything .
I was n't rich , not having many good things , only a sample person , but I lived happily .
At least I had a stable job , lover , family and friends .
However , these things have changed , All the things I have been owning , building , remaining are broken .
It is hard to believe my eyes that I could see the avidity under their eyes , as if they could n't wait to see me dead , they ca n't become brilliant so long as I am alive .
I have always tried to convince them that I am not that bad some people said .
My family live in the city center of Madrid but I do n't like living here because it is noisy and there is contamination , so I decided to move to the county side two years ago .
I love this place because it is relaxing but the only problem for me is I live alone and I 'm lonely .
My mother knew my feeling and she wanted help me .
She came to my house with a present last week and when I opened it ... I could n't believed it " It was a little and beautiful monkey !
I was so exciting and very happy .
For me it was like to have a new member of the family and he lived with me .
Since these moment my life changed and now I go to every place with " Yango " monkey 's name
Dear Sir / Madam
I am writing this letter in order to apply for the job in the " usa summer camps " .
I saw the job advertisement in the local newspaper .
To start with , I would like to tell you that I have studied gastronomy in the Instituto Crandon , one of the most recognised institutes in Uruguay , also , I have just finished the sports and health course in the Universidad de la Republica , in which I learned to work from children to adults in the sports area .
I think every people love sport .
In the world very famous sport festival is Olympic .
There included many kind sports such as wrestling , basketball , tennis , running .. etc .
My favourite sports are basketball and martial art .
First , Basketball is team sport when it means i need to understand expression of members of team and keep contact them for example my roll is cutter but i need to do assister , blocker and guarding when i play .
Secondly , Every country have own martial art history and culture that is kungfu from China , taekwondo from Japan and Karate form Korea .
It not just fighting these sport give people durability , speed and power .
Especially i like karate and Kung - fu .
Man and women whose are possible to interest it .
There is not special criteria such a tall and strong muscle or gender .
These 2 sports improving human basic ability to reach as possible high capability .
I suggested to other people first to understand yourself such as what do you like , which is possible and than practice after every success
my favourite sport is badminton .
it 's a game between 2 or 4 people .
they use a bat and a shuttlecock which is like a bao feather .
purpose score most points .
I sometimes play badminton with my brother , and I always win .
I think I am good player .
my first play badminton when I was 7 years old .
positives ways for playing badminton : you can lose weight , you vision will be good etc
negatives ways for playing badminton : you right arm is more strong than you left arm , sometime , you are sprain your arm .
I 'm sure is very heath for your body .
According to this form , we can know learning knowledges takes a part of time in one day .
Unlike Taiwan 's senior high schools students , their sleeping time average in eight hours even more .
As for me , my daily schedule do n't have much options , just only study , sleep and others .
Others include in rest and exercise , but they do n't occupy lots of time .
In my awareness , I know United States advocates free - style study and self - learning , so they aside from study , they have diversity selections .
When it comes to my sleeping , I only have four to five hours in a day .
The lake of sleep often maks me ca n't concentrate in class .
the more remind myself to get up early , the more things i need to do .
So it usually postpones my sleeping time .
The only common option is rest time , I also spend three to four hours .
Because i think family and friends are my spirit medicine , they can give me lots of energy .
First , I am to say that People 's lives change in the future , because the new technologies will change the lives of people .
I think this , because the new technologies are created by people for improving our habits .
For example , Internet in the next 50 years will be very different , I guess that people will have a chip in our head and they may do many things with your mind like if we need to call other people , we will think about it and we may speak with it .
For other hand , People make other inventions for improving the world and reduce pollution , for example , In this time we have created electric cars or organic food , these things are very useful in future , because we will need to reduce pollution .
Also , People will need to improve medicine to cure diseases and for this , People need to create more inventions to resolve these problems .
Finally , I think that the best change will be in our lifestyle , We will change our clothes , thinking and other things , We will be more dependent and we need more things for our day to day .
Although I have been having terrible jet lugged since came back my country , It 's great to see my family and my friends .
Anyway I have to find a bird to develop myself and take a rest .
I never say goodbye to everyone because I will come back England .
Michael is a teen guy that live with his parents .
He is seventeen years old and he has a sister .
His sister is six years old .
One summer tomorrow , her sister woke up very early .
He was worry because his sister always wake up very late , about midday .
Someone ring the door and he opened but there was anybody in the door so he closed the door again .
He listened a bit noise at the top of the stairs but he did nt go to look that noise .
The door rang again and he opened again the door , his sister was with him and she was very scared but there was anybody in the door again .... and this time , the noise at the top of the stairs was higher and he understood all .
Someone was calling the door while that someone was stealing in your house ...
By that , her sister is scared and woke up ...
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake
Twenty years ago I started playing football .
I had practised a lot of sports before , but when I started playing football I felt that was my sport , this was freedom .
I have played at a lot of teams .
And just as I was becoming in a proffesional football player , my right knee injured .
Then I have been operated twice .
Because of injuries , I have now thinking on leaving football to dedicate me to other passion , the guitar .
Writing emails in English can sometimes be hard .
I moved to the UK from Turkey recently .
It is not always easy for me to speak in another language constantly .
I have to improve my writing .
This is the reason why I 'm trying this web page .
Sport is very healthy , it is very important that all people do exercise for their bodies .
I love sport and I usually go to the gym .
I like running and I run three days a week .
I prefer doing sport with a friend or my sister , it is funnier .
If I run alone , I take my mobile phone and I can listen to music .
When you go owling you do n't need words , or worm or any thing but hope .
This is the book Owl
Moon .
This book is written by Jane Yolen .
I like that phrase Because The boy was happy becaus he got to
go owling and he s been wonted to go owling for a long time and he finally got to go .
When other kids are happy that makes me happy . I like it Because it makes me feel good Because you do n't haf't
( have ) to have words to go owling but you haf't to have hope to see an owl .
My name is Ingrid .
I am have 24 years old and I live in Rena .
Physically I am blonde ,
I have blue eyes and I am of average height .
I like going to the cinema , get out with my friends ,
to playing the counter strike , walking to the park , going the shopping and ca n't stand watching the blood .
I now am studying Software Engineering .
On September I am going to Madrid to studying the master of
Web Programming with my friend .
I prefer living with my boyfriend .
I am more romantic that my boyfriend .
I hate eating vegetables and I love eating chips .
I dislike is that I will be away from my family .
I am going to miss my family .
They are very happy with me , because my marks is good .
Hi , Jenny
Well , as you asked me Jenny , the most brilliant actor than see before is Vin Deasel , it is an excellent professional and he protagonized a great deal of movies like the saga of Fast and Furious , Ridic , Nannies bulletproof and other extras films .
This is one of my favourite actor because , when he is recording a film he assume his role passionately and that is really important for a good actor .
Another of my favourites is Will Smith , he appeared in the well - known film , Men in Black and others excellent films like I am Legend .
This is for me and many people an excellent actor because his personality is extroverty .
So Jenny , here are my two favourites film stars .
I have to go shopping , sorry .
See you
Franco .
This topic has controversial opinion these days , That everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university .
I am going to study the topics from both aspects and give my opinion in the matter .
A good percentage of people think that everyone should take a year off between leaving school and start college .
They think that year the student can spend in job to earn money so they can afford their expenses during college .
This way helps them also to explore the job market , some jobs are in great demand compared to others .
Or simply the student can spend this time travelling .
This way help them to get rid of study stress , and to give time to their social life .
Others think that if students take a year off study is unwise .
As return back to study may be difficult .
It is better to finish study first then go for work or having relaxation with travel .
both opinion have their merits .
In my opinion I Think it greatly depend on individual financial situation .
As I you have monetary that can cover your expenses on travel is totally different than if you have to work to cover your expense .
or you just have what is essential for education and university fees .
Transport is very important in our life , because we transport from place to other places .
the development technology and Industry very fast , so the public transport no future ,
Must be Interesting the development transport Even fits the times .
Hello Joe .
Congratulations for your weding , I hope you will be all your life as happy as you are now .
Jenny and you are a great couple .
Thank you very much Joe for think in me for to be your witnees , I feel very proud that you think in me for to be your witnees and of course I accept and I will be in Toronto for your wedding .
Joe we live far away since I work for the red cross , but I steel be the same person as I was at the school and I like the same things .
Joe I have the same memory as I was a child , and I do n't remember to much Sophie .
Was she at the school with us ?
Could you describe me her ? .
In other way , I never be a witness , what I have to do ?
, tell me what cain of suit have the witnees have to wear , If I have to buyany colour of tie , the flower .... really I 'm very exciting with your wedding .
I will be at home for my mother birthday in november , and if you can we could have a drink .
Any way congratulations for Jenny and you again .
Best wishes
Joe
hello , good morning
I enjoy my favorite sport because I like running , playing and go to the forest .
This sport is healthy and good for the body . you should starting this sport for you feel good .
your muscule will be hard .
for this is necessary drink water , eat fruit , vegetables and pasta .
we do n't chould eat sweet and sugar .
if you want to start this sport , you should start running thirty minutes .
Thank you for showing your interest in my village concerns with the environment .
The town , Lahori , has been known for its practices to preserve nature . in our town , we conduct monthly meetings concerning waste management , as well as pesticides .
We are very appreciative of Dr. Manjot Baqri , who has taken upon himself to lead these meetings and educate our village on health problems associated with improper dispose of the waste . the village has built pits to dispose waste .
The fact of using a cart to transport , is essential in life , and that depends on the car you want to buy and save gas .
When you drive you must take precautions at all times because if you can not cause an accident
Link Remember that a car is to make your life easier to transfer and save as a way also to bring security because you go in your car and is less likely to get mugged or something .
Some desventejas may not have the money to maintain it , and they always remember that the car should give you a service and not to him , which is why you always keep it in line with the engine so you do not fail .
One day I visit my friend Jimmy in New York city , he was a young man who was specialist on trains and tourism , he talked about how the citizens and the commuters move from one place to another , he told me that the grand central terminal was the largest terminal of the city , he show me were the landmarks of the big apple were so sightseers could go , he show me the city and we went to different parts first he took me to Columbus circle in the south west corner of central park were there were the most expensive apartments then we went to the lake were the jogging tracks that circle the lake area popular with early morning visitors , then we went to the museum of natural history that was located near the metropolitan museum of art then I got focal on the subway trains so we went to Grand central terminal when we arrive I was amazed to see many people going to work so he told me that it was conveniently for people to use the train because is very fastest and for the government it was a grat economic business then he told me that one of the characteristics of
In the era of technological advancement , everything goes beyond one 's expectation .
There are mobile phone which has a face to face communication ; the transportation driven by solar cell energy .
In addition , the advancement of transportation system which is developed day - by - day performs to the most convenient and the fastest as they can .
Even though the personal car was consumed more and more because of its convenient ; in my opinion , unstoppable transportation development will perform public transport to be more popular than travelling by car .
The number of people in the world is continually increased .
This makes the city be crowded .
Imagine if everyone has individual cars , may we walk on the top of the car to meet neighbour by the next door .
Therefore , public transportation is deemed significant in order to reduce density on the road , the traffic .
In the first paragraph , I 've written that the transportation development will never lose place for public transport .
Firstly , there are a lot of methods to travel ; for example , buses , trolley buses , Metro , BTS , train , ship .
Secondly , public transport improve itself to be more functional and help support people .
For example , comfortable seats , system support for the handicap or physical disability , time capture that help people to know the fix time when the bus come , as well as security support that help people to be more confident to travel .
Lastly , public transportation make you sure to arrive on time .
You do not worried about the traffic jam , or try to find the car park .
All taken into account , the public transport has a much more useful and convenient , both individuals and commercial .
Although the personal car is popular , the public transport is still be valuable for the country
Dear Chris ,
I would like to spend this Saturday with you ) )
Hope , You will be free at 6 a.m.
Let 's meet on John 's apartment .
His party is always fun .
All our friends will be there .
Summer vacation is so desirable that those in school or workplace long for it .
To most students , weekend is essential to them , because they are not allowed to play computer games until the weekends .
In my opinion , weekend not only gives us enough time to take an adequate break but allow us to enrich ourself .
Similarly , summer vacation give us more time to do meaningful things .
Such as visiting museum , seeing touching movies , doing exercises and so on .
Only by constantly do conducting my daily routine can I learn more information and become stronge
In important meetings like UN General Assembly or G77 , many leaders of power countries raise the environmental problems as the most concerned problem in their internal policies .
Disaster on the environment not only cause many problems to human but also to all diversity of life .
As a part of diversity , people , therefore , seek ways to reduce cause and effects of these coming disaster .
Firstly , I sometimes use my mom 's bicycle to university taking part to reduce the carbon dioxide emission from my car .
Riding a bicycle also a kind of eco - friendly transportation .
Next step , I reduce using some of the cosmetic products that provide or made from the materials cause a greenhouse effect .
There are also many related products which harm the environment .
Dear Juliet ,
Thanks for your letter , it was a pleasant surprise .
I am writing to tell you that I ca n't go to the marathon with you , because the distance is too long for me , I 'm not fit enough for this .
I'm sorry , maybe next year I can go .
Last week I saw a bike trip to the countryside and how about registering for this ?
Bye for now , I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
Love ,
Kriszti
I think that I should pass because I worked hard and this is the last subject to finish my studies .
I really think that , we should speak English .
I do n't know how study English and for this reason is very difficult for me .
The next year , in October , I 'll go as aupair to Oxford . where I hope to learn English .
I think that it is the only way for me .
yes , I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .
I should go in October .
I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier
yes , I 'm talking with a family in Oxford .
I should go in October . for 7 months .
I love this family because it is a single mother and I think it is easier
Dear Manager ,
I am interested in the vacancy in your cafe .
In your advertisement , you said that you need a person who can work at weekends in your cafe .
I believe that I can be a good helper for two reasons .
First , I am good to cooking .
I had been worked in ABC restaurant until last year .
Besides , I also so good at dealing with people .
More information about my qualification please see the attachment .
Best regards , and look forward to your good news .
Bob
1250
0100
The video game Counter Strike is a good game for the computer , I think that play it is a good way to enjoy .
In this video game , you can kill , jump , dance , and eat all you want , is a very good game I think that is the best " shooter " and that " Artic Combat " too is well .
I am a very well player in this , I know play it very good .
In conclusion , Counter Strike is the best game in the world .
Summer holiday ,
I have been to Italy on holiday 3 years ago .
I did n't have a long holiday , it was just for 3 days but these 3 days were the best in my life .
I must say that I went there because my sister is living there so I did n't have to book a room at the hotel and spending too much money .
I went to the Vatican and Rome , I saw their massive buildings which were impressive and their old houses .
The weather was fantastic , I love bathing in the sun and resting on the hot sand on the beach .
Am Melody Martinez , I 'm 26 years old , I was born in Mexico .
one of my passions in this world is help people , any kind of people , old , disability , poor people and kids .
I think am a suitable person to care of children , because I like working with kids , is not the first time I work with children .
I currently work with children with disabilities and I love it !
I 'm good at improvising games to children , and good cook too .
If you only give me the opportunity to work for the camp , I will never disappoint you .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He took his backpack and ran really fast to the school .
Today is the big day , the day of his apresentation about acid rain and your consequences on nature
Peter studeded and prepared himself for this day for a very long time , because finally his mother will see him after four year separate .
Peter did a beautiful presentation and now his mother is very proud .
A health is an important part in our life , so our priority in our city is an environment , and people consider keeping our environment and work together to preservation of the environment .
Therefore , the municipality of environment put regulations and instructions to take care of our village .
firstly , organizing collecting garbage .for example , red box for medical rubbish , because it is dangerous , it is toxic materials , in yellow box for plastic , white box for glass , and pink box for other trash .
This way is to facilitates classification of garbage and transfer each sorts of rubbish to specific place .
Secondly , recycling waste . after collecting it , then transport to factories to recycle it to useful materials , we can use it again in all aspects in our life .
Lastly , workshops about conservation of environment to increase environmental awareness among people to encourage them to take care of their city , and how they can recycle some rubbish to beneficial objects to exploit it at home .
In addition , many residents in our town have launched initiative which target to clean up our village , and plant many trees on the streets to keep the environment clean and protect our generation from pollution . moreover , to attract tourists to visit us .consequences , jumping number of visitors to our town , and reducing pollution which causes several diseases .
furturemore saving cost of treatment because of decreasing number of patients .
In conclusion , we look forward to being our village free from pollution and keep our health and enjoy in pure air where our children will grow up .
Dan was a runner of the big leagues that wanted to get the world wide record of the best time in 100 m .
To reach his goals , he trained a lot with one of his colleges and he gave no importance to the judgements that people have over him and his ambitious wishes of victory .
Although he was always thinking if it was a blessing or a lessons I be competing .
Either , he have an enemy that was trying to extinct his love to run and getting him out of the competence .
The enemy thinks that the passion to fund of Dan will demise , but she does n't count , that this love will be forever in his heart to fight with any adversity in his road .
At the end , he continue running , thanks for this , he approached his goals .
Internet is the best means of communication .
Internet nowadays is used all over the world for many goals .
first we uses Internet to discover the world 's news , from Internet we can check and read world 's most famous newspaper such as new York times , the sun and also electronic newspaper .
Internet also can be used to learn and to educate yourself , internet allow us to read books , magazines and short stories .
Internet is the most effective way to start a business and to look for a job , many people uses Internet to work , and they earning money every month .
Internet is a way to make new friends all over the world through social websites such as Facebook , twitter , and you tube .
As a conclusion internet is making things better and easier , life now is always connected to the Internet .
My name is Mariangeles and I am going to show you one of the most magnificent places of Extremadura , Monterrubio de la Serena .
Visiting this small village you will enjoy a rural tourism with charm .
Feeling the dramatism and realism of the best known event in Easter , played during nine years by the inhabitants , " The Pasión of Christ " .
Discover the main representative museum there , the olive museum where you are able to look at its history in each of their corners , besides tasting its exquisit oil .
Meet their Patron saint San Isidro and get the most out of their memorable party in his honor .
Inspect closely this unforgettable place and learn a bit more about the culture of Extremadura .
My favourite sport is swimming .
Since I was young I like swimming and when I grew up I told my mum that I want to make competitions .
The first time it 's difficult like other sport because you do n't know and you have to imporve by yourself but if you like it you will find fascinating .
Also I remember my first competitions , I did n't win I was like the 4th but I was n't sad because I though that the next time I will do my best and probably I would win .
I went to swim like 4 hours a week and it was amazing because I improve a lot and right now I 'm one of the best .
Last year I won the national competition in my country and that make me feel so good , because it 's all I want .
If you want to take up swimming I will recommend you to do your best and if you like it you will enjoy it at the same time you make exercise
In the past most of people did not too worry about their healthy .
In those days almost 80% of people have assured feel preocupation about their bodies and their alimentation , for this they convidenced me that they will try improve their habitual alimentation everyday and their will do sport more frequently .
As I the most people we start to do sport because we are stressed and needed go out of our house after a hard day of work or study .
One day I went to do running and since that moment I have not stopped .
The moment perfect is when you want , in the morning , in the afternoon , in the evening or in the night .
Is thruly that on summer we have to be careful with te hours are too hot and we should avoid .
Is necessary buy a well - equiped sneakers , to make sure do n't suffer a pain on our feet and the rest of body .
In Tampico City the most important landmarks they are squares in Tampico , the better shopping they are mall Altama ubicate in Tampico center and the beach Madero , the most important parks they are Carpenter 's lagoon and my favorite restaurant is Child 's in mall Altama .
The beach at night is a one better place for happen with your family
Dear Ms Ana
Here I come to express my thoughts about what have been happening during these past weeks at the reception of the building .
I am happy to say that I have only positive points to presente due to how wellcome I fell when I arrive at the reception .
Becouse of that , sometimes I feel free to ask them what I want and depending on the way they receive my comments I can just let them do the task I asked them without keeping on watching them .
In conclusion I 'd like to offer my aid if anything would be necessary .
Regards .
Myth and fable are always my favorite types of stories , because they can either be easy to understand or extend deeper matters .
Sometimes it is interesting to know a story by discovering their background first , is n't it ?
For example , due to the wide spreading of " The Epic of Gilgamesh " , we all heard something relate to it , but do n't really know about details .
Amount of tradition and legend nowadays somewhat refers its context , such as Homer 's " Odyssey " , the flood mentioned in the Bible , and especially Mesopotamian civilization .
Therefore , I try to find out more information about " The Epic of Gilgamesh " in order to understand it completely .
In conclusion , i hope that Riyadh city will be more interested in traffic jams .
If the government gives attention in improving the streets , decreases using cars , provides other transportation , and controls traffic jams by police , Riyadh will become a great city so the people do n't worry about going out .
I hope this problem will disappear soon .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My name is Andreia , I am 27 years old . I am a very friendly person and I have experience in this area .
Last summer I worked with children aged 10 years old during a month and I had organised some activities on the beach such as football games and gym classes .
For me , it 's a pleasure to make the time really fun .
I like very much to cook and I think that there are some activities that we can do on the kitcken , like to cook cookies or make fresh bread .
For another think I can speak English very well , because I had studied English in university although I was Portuguese .
I would like to get this job because I love children and I am a very patient person .
I hope you consider my application and contact me ,
Andreia
In the future , this tendency will be continuing more and more specific social networking sites between business and personal life .
In order to this happen , looking out for new social networking sites designed are particular goals .
To be taken place of a general network like you found on Facebook , you will find sites are specializing at people , business and society .
Having used cars to fulfill our transportation needs within the city limits it is a very good option for many of us , however the necessity of travelling overseas or even outside of our suburban areas might require a different sort of transportation , therefore is where the public transportation should focus on since the long trips taking more than a simple commute in the city would require it .
It has been a popular American tradition for many years now , since the mid-60s that we all use cars owned by private parties in order to meet our needs , hence considered the " modus operandi " ever since .
A new thinking might help to address this issue : transportation itself , perhaps , it is in need of evolution , that might be the use of public transportation , it has proven to be the best manner to get to places which roads and geographical areas might happen to be unknown to the traveller .
Firstly , all people can buy a lot of type of some things in my city for example in the centre of the city we can be souvenirs because this town has got old monuments , theatre and churches .
In north of the city people sell all types of food .
Normally this food are made when people did in the past , although , the best street market is in the west of the city .
On the other hand , you should visit a bookshop in a street marker .
However you can read a book while you can eat and drink some things in the sofa of street .
You must remember that in the center of the city , you can visit the bakeries with the best sweets and bread of world and these sweets are cheaper than in other towns .
Finally , people can know the biggest shopping center of Spain , the situation of this shopping center is in the national street 445 in west of the city .
You can see modern clothes while you eat in a restaurant and you can take photos with a tv star , because they buy in this shopping center and you feel a star , because you see a famous person and you think that you are in a film .
The movie I decided to review for you is thriller called The destiny .
The plot of movie is set in a small town where everything has its own eyes and because of that you must be aware of your behaviour .
All it begin when daughter will come to visit her mother and her step father .
What I liked most was that you think you know what is going to happen but for your surprise it always turns up for something unexcepted .
Despite the fact that there is n't any holywood star all the characters are played very believable and some scenes wo n't let you sleep .
Even the scenery is not based on real story it will makes you think about accidents happening around you .
There is n't anything special what I dislike maybe except for the music which was used there .
Sometimes I felt that the background songs do n't match with what was happening but after all you are in expectations of next step so you would n't mind it .
I highly recommend this movie to everyone who wants to see happening unpredictable situations and likes the feeling of unknown .
Hi Isabel ,
I love this new place .
The town is called white city .
It is situated in Merida .
Is a quiet and beautiful city with many things to do and a lot of places to go .
My fovourite place is the beach that is near , just about 20 miles away from my flat .
I hope you can come soon .
Jorge
In toward to modernization of life and technology the people belief in different perspective about way of life , but majority of ones is totally utopic .
Everyone wants a particular objects and individual life , as an egoistic human being ; however the realm world hasn't capacity to support these ideas .
Actually , we have a lot of problem with traffic : lots of cars in the railway and it do n't running ; the number of cars in the street cause a dirty pollution ; crawded railways causes a later destination .
In the biggest cities around the world the traffic nonstop and increase every day .
We descovery , in this perspective , special deseases by traffic : stress , violence , pollution , insecurity , so on .
For this reason , I believe that in the future we will return to use a green combuster and public transport .
If the public transport will be by higher quality , faster and fewer rates , majority of citizens will be prefer : is more calm to relax and read a newpaper or a magazine during the way in a collective transport than an indiivdual one ; moreover , the time spend up to go and came back will be reduced , because it promotes less car in the railway .
Thus , in the future , public transport will be more interesting than particular and individual transport .
Last month , my friend came to Korea and visited me .
In the morning We went to Ocean Park , we saw dolphin , cat , horse and many animals .In the afternoon we went to play rollar coatser , I screamed on top of voice and called for help .Actually I hate playing rollar coster .We played mind train , punch and a lot of games .At the end of the day I was just like running out of gas , because I was too tired to walk any further .
Last day , I gave her a photo that was our first hang out and we hugged each other , she gave me a present and called me to keep it for her .
Nowadays , students have a lot of various form of education . They may not only learn in school but also through the Internet .
It has both advantages and disadavantages .
The main advantage of learning per Internet is time saving .
When we attend a school we often waste time on buses which we may intend to studying .
In case of Internet learning we can oneself set hours of learning .
Also , possibility of learning at home is a big advantage , especially for people who prefer peace and silence .
Then it 's better to concentrate of learning and we do n't feel any pressure or stress connected with asking and tests .
On the other hand , through the Internet learning on a long term we could feel bored or lonely , School gives opportunity of learning in group when students may help each other and resolve problems .
Another disadvantage of learning per Internet can be issue with Internet connection .
It not always work correctly .
A mind that lost it .
Malcolm Young is a guitarist that with his brother founded the rock band : AC / DC .
He never has been the most famous guitarist in the world , He was just one more guitar player .
He has lived behind the shadow of his brother , the leader guitar and one of the most important guitarist .
However he never has thought in this like a problem .
He just do his job , play guitar and sing like a second voice .
But if you research about what he has done for ACDC , you realize that he was an important man .
A lot of AC / DC 's songs were written and composed by himself .
He has been the AC / DC 's mind .
But Why I did this article about someone who looks like a simple guitarist , the reason is just one , the life , this man who one day just disapper from the fanactics ' eye .
On April 2014 he was unable to do performans .
On sepmtember 2014 , a note was realized and published in AC / DC 's webpage , the note said : " Malcolm is taking a break from the band due to ill health " .
But the true was worse , Malcolm has had an illness since 2014 and daily he is worse .
Dementia is the illness .
The dementia is an illness that affect the brain , people 's memory were lost , Malcolm do n't remember who is the people surround him .
Around a year ago , a video was made by Brazilian radio .
The video show us how dementia sufferers ' reaction to listing ACDC 's music .
in the end we read a sentences : " Although you might someday forget about the world , the world will never forget you , Malcolm , "
Live you only have a life , today , perhaps tomorrow you lost all .
My name is samy .
I'm 22 years old Egyptian .
When I was young , I enjoyed playing basketball .
I thought that it 's the best sport ever .
It made me fit and strong .
It taught me the meanings of teamwork and leadership .
I Kept playing basketball 4 years continuously till I joined the secondary school .
My advice to anyone starting basketball is to never giving up and always keep playing till the last minute .
We are not alone . We live with people whome are family for us .
Relationship can be very different ?
from the best to the worst .
But sometimes we start to call our sisters and brother our enemy , without the reason .
Who brink up ?
Who care about us ?
Who try to make us happy ?
Our enemy ?
Of course no .
Our family is people who will love us , do n't look on situations and who we are .
We are always small and careless children for our parents , small and foolish for our elder brothers and sisters .
And i can clearly say that they are our friend . We are part of them and they are part of us .
So we need to stand together .
Television and other things invented by tecnhology are part of our lifes .
I think every family has got a television in own home and for example I have 4 televions in mine .
For me television has advantages and disadvantages .
It 's important if we want to know news of our country or world 's news .
There are a lot of interesting tv programs where we can learn something and there are also intriging television programs .
These are advantages but we can have also disadvantages from them .
For example we can become addicted to our television .
It is not the best thing for our eyesight and our helth .
In general I think our technology is not the best thing for our health and tv and other similar things are responsable for our problems with helth and eyesight .
So television has positive and negative aspects and it 's up to us how to behave with it .
As keep our mind good and healthy we need to spend our some times in sport .
I like cricket is the best among all of these sports cricket is a good mind refreshing game
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
After calling the ambulance , he waited outside his car someone who could help you .
I picked up the phone and composed the number of his girlfriend Lisa .
She is a nurse , but he did n't receive any reply .
He thought that he must do something or his friend could die .
They had a car accident , and fortunately he had n't injury but his friend Sam was fainted .
He tried to stop some cars that passed through the street , but it was useless .
The ambulance arrived .
Sam was visited but beside the scary he had only some bruises .
He came with him to the hospital and at last it was a success story .
I live in the beautiful city of Siena which is famous for its landscapes .
If you come to Siena there are a number of shops you should visit .
The museum of the Duomo is the best tourist attraction .
Her name is Adriana ; she is eleven years old .
She is from Almazora , a little town near to Castellón .
She is an only daughter , so she does n't have either brothers or sisters , but she has two lovely cousins called Daniel and Mariano .
Her two best friends are Laura Gorritz and me ( Maria Rodríguez ) , she is a great friend with Carlota Pedralba , as well as best friends she has some enemies .
Laura , Adriana and me ( María ) love being a little bit cheecky , in a good way .
She is sometimes mean to people if you are not her friend , but normally she is VERY kind .
Adriana does n't like sleeping , that is one of the common things I have with her .
One of her favourite things to do is drawing , she has lots and lots of special pens , crayons , highlighters , paint .... AS you see she is an artist at drawing .
She says she is n't good at maths , even though she likes them .
So ... This is Adriana and some things about her .
My favourite sports are cycling and swimming .
Swimming is very excited .
Although you do n't know how to swim , you would love it .
In Hong Kong , it is very hot in summer .
There are many swimming pools in Hong Kong people love to swim with their families , friends or their children .
People in Hong Kong love to go cycling in holidays , too .
Some people used to do cycling as relaxing .
People like cycling alone the river .
Doing sport is very important in our lives . We need to do more sports to make us healthy .
Hello !
I am Alexander Sokolov .
I 'm going to visit your hotel from June,6 to June , 24
But I have a serious problem - I am allergic to animal hair .
So would you please reserve a room to me where no animals have lived before ?
Best regards , Alexander Sokolov
Dear Gareth ,
I ca n't go to a barbecue next Sunday because I 'm going to Seville with my parents and I 'm coming back so late .
I think that we can meet on Saturday evening at the cafe .
What do you think about it ?
Love ,
Alicia
The last mistake that I have had to have been when I changed the telephone company because since I changed I have many troubles .
All company are the same , any solve your problems .
I have had to put a claim because the company did n't resolve .
After a month I did n't know when I will receive my telephone .
All this began because the first telephone that I received It was faulty .
The company had to send me other telephone , this telephone turned out to faulty also .
Since that moment all have been problems .
Now , I have to wait an answer the company .
My favourite sport is handball . I play it every day for 4 class .
I really like it because this is not game in which You only play of ball .
This is really exciting and amazing .
I feel happy when I play it .
In this game you must play with team .
You must n't play only but you must with team .
My first match of handball was in 5 class .
I rememmber , because then We won .
On starting I was really biring and I want stop played .
Byt when I understand how many happy give me this game I was starting more running and train .
Training trener saied me that I 'm really good .
This words did that I was starting more
belive in yourself .
If You 'd like to try play in Handball You must know that first time is always the worst .
But You must n't
not belive in yourself .
This is my advice for everyone who like to play in every game .
before starting talking about the members of my family and if they are my best friends or not , I just want to say that my family is the most thing I love in my life , I respect them appreciate them also , and I think they are the best thing in my life .
the most family member I love and think she is the best friend of mine , my sister , she is elder me about 12 years , I can tell her any thing about my life , my self , my feelings , hhh also i think if i felt in love she would be the first to know that .
about my rest of family , as I said before they are just a relatives , but even if they are not friends almost , but I do love them to much , first one is my aunt , the dead one , and the other who still alive , but i do n't feel that felling of love towards my uncle , I do love him , but he is just my uncle no more .
at last I wanna talk about my cousins , I love the most of them especially the cousin in the same age , they are my friends , i love too much , and also the rest of my family
I would like to inform about recorrection of my family name in the result sheet .
I have already checked my family name with student service on last friday , 20 november .
My family name is WONGWATJANAKUL but the result sheet is WONGWATJANAKAKUL that it is an incorrect .
Could you please recorrection of my family name .
If you have further questions , please feel free to contact me . I would be grateful if you will let me know as soon as possible .
The sport is very importatnt of our body it has many benefits to emprove our selves and give us self confedant so we should practice any sport we love because it can change our mind to the better .
A bout me I like playing volly ball and I enjoy thes sport when I play it because of being useful for my body .
Looking for any sport make you feel good and your brain be always refresh so that you can begin your day with any sport to making fresh and after that you can make any job with refreshment mind .
The benefits of any sport make your healthy good so we can do it just make exercise every morning to make your blood preasure run in all your body .
He is an athletic runner that has imposed a new global record , nobody believes in him not media either his own father in him .
When he was just about cursing the final line he got hurt and his mussels was dying and star to peel off a black matter , at that point the guys in suit thought that he wo n't be able to cross the line , but when they saw that he kept running , they freeze the time and run after him , he stopped for a moment but then , he start running again and when he cross the line he woke up in a red somber fluid , he was wiped out from the matrix , he opened his eyes and saw a flying robot , suddenly he was on a wood wheelchair and they said that he would never be able to walk again , besides that , he stands up and tried to walk again .
My favourite sport are basketball .
I like this game very much .it is a very useful game .it helps me to keep fit .i play basketball many years ago .i want to be a very famous basketball player .
basketball needs that the person should be tall enough to play it .i like basketball because it makes me happy , fit , have self_confidence and makes me active .if anyone want to play basketball , he should do many exercises and try to be able to play it because everything is difficult at first but we should n't give up .
There was a island that each year in some moth come a hurricane this island is located in a equator then the people went to this island currently but they ca n't went when the hurricane is there because they can dead in the hurricane .
The island was flood but the island had a levee that prevent a flooding then in many year a engineers star constructing a building to had more money then in the city put many advertising in all thing : ball , balloon , movies , etc .
The engineers need help to construct the building , they call to the professional to saw what is wrong .
Then the professional say that the island has expose whit the ocean .
They did n't know that the island was Atlantis .
Then the engineers call to other sector to ensure the doubt of Atlantis then the professional say that other was correct .
Then the engineers say a forecast .
Them they drink a cafe that give them many energy to construct faster the building , this café has a combination for the people can to live all the night .
Then he worked all the night to finish the next month .
One month later
Then one elevator did n't function then they had a fight to find who was the blame of the elevator .
Then the tourist went to this building to find a jobs to get money .
Then the hurricane come and all the people was scared because they did n't know what he going to do .
The people did n't know that this was cycle because the engineers did n't say of this hurricane .
Then the hurricane was roof of all the island .
But the engineer ignore this circumstance then a helicopter comes to safe the residents .
This helicopter had humid then the helicopter star to rotate in all the island then the helicopter go sinking in the water then the hurricane finished the engineers start to distribute the food and medicine .
Then the engineers discover that the eye of the hurricane was widespread of the island and that island it was hemisphere then in the city qualify to the people that work in this building .
When I started to study here in Australia . I have been found the difference of curriculum in my home country .
It is really crucial for me to adopt their way of teaching at this time .
In my home country , when I was in the University it has a little bit easy for me to follow the educational policies .
The learning style is a traditional learning that is usual thing in my country .
In addition , the type of examination is more on memorization , that I can use my own language that help me to understand it easier .
" In particular , many international students are too teacher dependent on uncritical of material that have been thought , prone to role memorization , they misunderstand the cardinal sin of plagiarism , and lack of knowledge of the genres of academic writing " .
In contrast , to my present learning , it is precisely crucial .
The academic style is more on critical thinking , it is hardy to cope up , because I need to understand it using their language .
Clearly , multiple factors have had major influence or the nature of the student population , attending universities and now this shift affects , and is affected by university policy and practiced are important issue .
As an international learner , I embraced these changes in my learning strategies , primarily because these new learning strategies of academic style significant for my future course .
It has challenged me to adapt in a Universal approach to learning style back in my country .
Julia 's anecdote is not a fact , but a fiction .
It 's a bookseller called " A droga da obediência " that the author is Brazilian .
The story is about five friends that begin investigate a drug traffic happening inside at school .
However , one friend disappears then the four friends decided to discover where is him .
It 's a mystery story with a moral , because for surprise of reader , the director was the drug dealer that produced the drug inside the classes .
The moral is about the students do n't be naïve and take care of unscrupulous men that sell drugs .
Hi Jo !
I heard you will come to my country .
I am writing to you to give you some advice about work and travel in my country .
In Polen we have a lot of interesting places to visit .
Places that you can visit : mountains , see and lakes .
We have a lot of nice old town .
Polen is amazing and interesting country .
If you have working in Polen , the best way is job on holiday .
If you have experience in cook , you will be right person for this job .
Hope you come soon .
See you !
Love !
XYX
I have a dream to continue my study until Phd .
However , I think that it is not an easy thing to be achieved because of the limitation about information of scholarship .
In addition , I work as civil servant who should follow the government rule .
Actually , I do n't give up and always looking for the opportunities .
In my opinion , education is a way to improve our life quality .
In other words , it can change our paradigm and mindset also into better perspectives .
In the broader capacity , it can help my nation 's position in the world perspective .
Therefore , I do not try to erase my ambition .
Everything is possible as long as we have effort .
travelling is an essential in everybody 's life .
Although the number of cars are increasing day by day , however most of the people traveled through the public transport .Their limited income restrict them to buy cars .
also the main drawback of cars is the environmental pollution .
Therefore public transport has its own importance .
In order to avoid the environmental pollution , people should use the public transport that will not only help to reduce the pollution but also the extra expenditures for the petrol .
government should focus for the improvement of public transport and must discourage the individual cars .
Hi Richard ,
Thank you for your money .
I 'm going to buy a DVD from ' Frozen ' .
I chose this movie because it is my favourite cartoon and I can watch with my children .
Take the best care .
Lorena
Dear Peter ,
Thanks for your letter asking about the wedding .
It 's always great to hear from you and I hope that everything is going well .
In my country the weddings are celebrated from Spring to Autumn .
People wear special dress .
If the wedding is in the morning women wear short dress on the contrary if the wedding is in the afternoon , women wear long dress .
The food is varied .
You can have several dish such as fish , meat , seafood and a large cake .
I hope that 's useful .
By the way , if you need anything else , you know where I am , and I really mean it .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
Bye for now ,
Lorena
Bye for now ,
Lorena
Hello Jo .
Good I am going to throw a hand .
My advice to travel for Spain is that there are several types of transport but the most economic is the public , most expensive transport can be the taxi , for example .
But , you can travel by plane , it is not very expensive .
My advice of finding work , is a bit complicate because nowadays there are a lot of people without work .
But you can been lucky because the summer is very near and the work increase .
Your you can find work , since you have the learned English , in a bar , in a hotel , etc .
Well , I wish the best thing you and that you find work .
Good luck
By David .
I woke up knowing it was the most important day of my life .
I expected that day during long time , it was my wedding 's day .
In the sprinter , he proposed to me in Cordoba so I accepted excited .
We had a long love story .
I met with my boyfriend 5 years ago so I was sure that it was the most important day of my life .
I wore a beautiful dress and I well brushed .
It was a excited day , all my friends , family … were with me .
My boyfriend become in my husband .
He was very beautiful and he sang a magnific song for me .
Actually , he is a good husband , and I 'm sure that he love me so much .
Dear Sir ,
I 'm writing this letter to tell you about my work last summer at my local cinema .
I liked my work there so much .
My work was about reserving tickets for the customers .
It seemed like a simple job to me , but it was also a very stressful job at rush times .
In the morning , we had small groups of people and the rush times started in the evening .
I am looking forward to hear from you about how did you spend your summer .
Sincerely ,
Gehad
Hi , My name is Gabriela Cordeiro Magalhaes ... I have thirteen years old .
I like playing games and read .
I 'm from Brazil .
My best friend is Jennifer Giordano , she 's Pretty and Smart .
I will recommend Huang Ji Huang to celebrate our farewell dinner .
Huang Ji Huang is located in popular district in North Jakarta which many people call it PIK .
This is China - based chain that is recently opened .
This restaurant has many awards in China before it opened in Jakarta .
The place of Huang Ji Huang is pretty big if you compared with the other restaurants in PIK .
The place is provided private room and karaoke room in one place .
Besides that the public room is also clean and comfortable , but I recommend you to choose private room to support our farewell dinner .
The waiters who worked here are kind and helpful , they serve the customers kindly and always explain the menu clearly , they are capable make their customer satisfied with the service .
Huang ji huang specialized in the stew pots menu , which will take you to enjoy an authentic Chinese food .
You can order packages menu that Huang Ji Huang offered or you can also choose the ingredients that you want for your stew pot but you must choose 3 until 5 ingredients .
Huang Ji Huang has 5 kinds of sauce which can give your stew pot become tasteful , and one of them is Mala Sauce .
Mala Sauce is a spicy flavor and it is very authentic and you will rarely find this taste in another restaurant .
But if you do not like spicy you can also try the Honey Sauce .
After all the food is very tempted to try and the size portion is big enough to share with 3 or 4 people .
The price is cheap if you compare it with the service and taste from the food .
Having farewell dinner here is worth the money .
Every month Huang Ji Huang always make a special offer from their cutomer , and for this month Huang Ji Huang will give 20% discount for customer who spend 500 IDR above , for a complete informatioj you can check it on the website or call the restaurant .
And I highly recommend you to make a reservation first if you decided to hold our dinner here , because this place is always crowded and we also need a private room .
I used all of the things except two .
I did n't have the Internet when I was child .
And also we could n't choose programmes .
I played in the street and walked to school alone .
I'm thinking what kind if things were more dangerous for me?It was so dangerous when my friends and I swam in the Tobol river .
We jumped into the water and caught crayfish .
When I remember that moment I am exciting .
I guess everychild want to investigate the world .
We have to help them , to show and explain .
What kind of risks they can get if to do that .
Nuclear energy is one of most important source to generate energy and heat for the people in the world .
The countries diurnal attempts to develop the industry of nuclear to produce more power .
There are many views of using the nuclear power .
Some people guess the nuclear power has a great value to produce power instead of the fossil fuels such as : coals and oil which are Not renewable energy .
Moreover , they think that controlling the pollution is possible .
Whereas .
The serious side of the nuclear power is the dangerous weapons that the countries try to own , threat the peace in the world .
These kinds of weapons do not kill one or ten but destroy a large town completely .
In my opinion using the nuclear power is important with the great development in the humans life.the countries have to establish this energy and other sources to secure the power for people .
Hi Lucy ,
How are you ?
I am writing to tell you about something that for sure you will love it .
Yesterday I was surfed the Internet and find on an amazing site www.bargainstime.com
It was really by chance .
I saw a colorful pop - up ad and I decided to check it .
I was in shock .
There was so many trendy clothes in attractive prices .
Immediately , I have done shopping there . I bought a skinny blue jeans and black tight dress .
the material is of good quality and the clothes look the same as on the page .
This is on the big plus but the waiting time for delivery is quite long .
I know that you are looking for a wedding dresses and I saw a lot of wonderful items on this page .
I think you will like it just as me .
I hope it will hepls you .
See you soon ,
Martyna
In 2009 , Michel lived in New York with his girlfriend , Ann , in their apartment .
He worked a lot , arrived late of his work and never has time to be with Ann .
But they were lovely and they decided that get married in 2010 .
Was everything organized .
Ann decided that she 'll experiment her dress of marriage
in her apartment while Michel was working .
There are a history that the man ca n't to see
his woman before the date of wedding .
Michel arrived more early in his home this day , and when his oppen his home door , he saw
Ann dressed in her wedding dress .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The fastest option to go on holidays
My favourite way to travel is by plane because you are quickly in another country .
By plany you rarely have problems with your luggage .
By train you did n't will have always place for your luggage .
By plane you can give your luggage at the check - in or you can take the hand luggage with you . you can be always sure that you will find a place for your luggage .
Another reason why travel by plane is my favourite is because it is more comfortable to sleep except you have a loud person close to you .
That can be annoyand .
I think travel by boat is one of the baddest ways to travel when you are seasick .
Then you must travel by train or by plane .
BIG FISH ,
A VERY GOOD RESTAURANT WHOSE SPECIALITY IS " TAPAS "
Eating " tapas " is a very popular way of having a meal in Spain .
If you are not very hungry .
You can eat small pieces of different dishes and to have dinner or lunch inexpensively .
For more than thirty year in Nerja has been openend every day " Big Fish " a traditional restaurant with a typical cook of the coast of Málaga .
With your drink the first portion is on the house .
If you pay between one and three euros you can choose little dishes of fresh fish and different types of salads .
The portion of prawns is very famous as octopus salad , which is known by everyone .
The service is very organised and fast , although it might be in high season you would not have to wait a long time .
This restaurant only has a little problem .
You can eat " tapas " at the counter or in small tables near the bar .
The rest of the diningroom is exclusive by eating meals .
Discussions about genetic manipulation become strong when a specific area is mentioned : genetically modified food or GM food .
For several decades the population has been discussing arguments for and against GM food .
Improve human nutrition and agriculture conditions are arguments of those who are in favour of manipulation .
In the first quarter , we can see that sales rose , in the second quarter , sales went up but in the third quarter , sales were unchanged .
In conclusion , we can see that sales went up every time except the third quarter that it were unchanged .
this is good , because sales mever went down .
My favourite sport is football , I love it .
It is the most popular sport in the world .
I enjoy play it , particularly because it is a competitive sport and because you play with a team and not alone , and this for me is really important .
The thing I like best in football is play it , but I also like watching it , intact I am a fan of the team Lazio .
Some people think that the football is a bad thing because the footballer are all stupid and the fans are all violent and disrespectful , but it is n't like it .
Ok there are some fans who are n't good people but the most important associations of football are trying to stop they and to abolish all bad things in football .
For all the people I advise to start to play or watching football because for me it is a very good sport , but you can play a good football only if you really like it , because first football is fun .
As every year the twenty three of April , day of book , in my school all the student of fifth and sixth of primary do short story competition and the winner have a gift .
the gifts usually are a book and a ticket for the theme park in Madrid , and the children who have participated win a book .
Always the director of my school , called Michael , is who organizes this event for that the children have fun writing his shorts stories .
But this year , Michael is organizes very evil because he does n't enough books for all children and a lot of they had n't gift , so Michel had closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I think my town really take care of the environment , because there are a lot of parkｓ in this town and these are very clean .
However some people are not care of environment that mean some people throw garbage away in the park .
I think almost everyone loves parks because a lot of people go to the park and having lunch , picnic , excersise , nap etc .
I think after eat something at the park then clean themselves is good .
Even though do not everyone doing that , so how much public office is care of environment is important and this town is care of that a lot .
Every morning some peasons are coming park and cleaned that makes feel really thanksgratitude .
When I am walking around here I can see a lot of beautiful gardens and roads are clean so I think many population are care of town as well .
There are many sports grounds for example tennis cort , football grounds and play equipment for child so I think my town takes care of environment that makes everyone will be able to best condition in both mind and body long time .
Espesialy there are a lot of greens these makes good health .
However someone have to take care of them .
The town have to do that and I think in England there are so many greens all around , so a lot of people take care of these that makes good environment .
After I have been to live in England with my family I have goton the feel very much indeed .
pain and gain
This movie is bases quote on quote on a " true story " buts obviously director michael bay know for the transformers franchise puts a lot of hollywood into this movie , its about a bodybuilder named daniel lugo who decides to kidnap a rich guy and make him sign away all of his properties , which obviously its not a great plan that backfires on him , and eventualy police get him .
Its a great funny movie especially for someone like me who enjoys going to the gym and lifting some weights .
Hi Julie ,
thank you for your present .
I love the T - shirt that you gave me for my birthday .
It is a very beautiful T because -shirt I like the colour and the pattern .
My day in London
I went to London in April .
It was pretty warm .
My family and I got a great feeling as we landed in London .
We saw a lot of sights like the Big Ben , which is the biggest clock in the world and the London Eye .
To got to the Big Ben we took the underground , but to get to the London Eye a red bus .
After 3 days we went home .
I forgot to tell you something about homeless people .
A lot of people are homeless , which is sad , but maybe we can change it .
Sport is very important for every one .
Old and young are benefit from sports .
My favourite sport is volleyball .
I like it very much . I practise it in the club .
I play it with my companions .
It makes my body healthy and strong .
when you score alot of points , you will win the match .
Genarlly sports is growing our mind continously .
I practise it with my friends .
I enjoy playing it alone or with my friends .
my parents always support me to play what like and
enjoy .
It make me lose weight easily without doing any effort .
I do n't find any difficulty in doing it .
My favourite sport is basketball .
Usually I only play basketball in school .
We play by teams or each one alone .
Of course we do n't have 2 million balls for each student no we share with each other .
Also , not all the school play in one time no every section have time to play in .
In school I always play with friends never played alone and always my friends and I wins .
Last time I played when won 14 by 5 .
do you know do I enjoy my sport I will tell you why because when you play you have fun and interested .
My advice for people who is starting this sport is to repeat playing until they get it .
My favourite soap opera is " Friends " . I remember to watching it at home at the age of twelve and laughing out lous with my brother .
I still watch it on Saturdays and I really enjoy it !
My favoutite character is Joey , who is a silly innocent man .
He live with Chandler , opposite Monica and Rachel 's flat .
It is very difficult to deny the importance of family in our life , definitely families play an essential role community structure .According to the experts we ca n't create successful society without creative families , and one another specific part of your life is a good partners surrounding your daily activities .
One of the main advantage of family is the recogniton you have been given in specific age , children required special attention to grow up well , and that can only be given by family .For instance , homeless children are more likely to fail in their education , job and adapt to society .
Consequently , they probably fail to experience from their live .
Moreover , families take an essential part in protect their members from bad atmosphere , and it probably reflect on their perfotmance toward country .leading to effictive , creative and useful civilians .
the last film I wachd was " the oders " by it is a horror / suspense movie , I was really scared .
It is about a family ( the mother and her two children nicholas and anne ) , the mother is crazy and thinks her children are allergic to the lightin general .
so the did n't come outside in the day , and in a room it could not be more than a candle at a time , it had to be always dark in the house .
Strange things happen in the house , they are " intruders " in the house , anne saw many times someone called victor who " play 's "
and the mother thinks she is lyeing but after a while she believe her and started searching for the intruders .
At the end theintruders turn out to be ghosts that
yes becouse yes
fsdjgdofg
Public transportation
I think nowadays is more common that people use their car for their normal activities , but the statement that there ir no future for public transportation it is not completely true , I think that a lot of people use public transportation because it is cheaper and some people do n't have enough money to buy a car .
Another reason is that here in Mexico , in some cities you ca n't use your car in specific days , so if you do not have another car , you have to use public transportation .
Well , my college has been provide an organization called Enactus .
I 'm a member on it and its goal that improve the positivity of our society by setting projects serves many people who really needs our help .
So , we actually done 8 projects since i came in and i had a good feeling through helping other people .
we interned 2 national Competitions in 2 years and won second place on one of our projects and gained 2 leagues on other ones .
we made our university proud plus helping people .
Now , we are over 180 members in this organization and getting increase .
We need more of this organization cross the world and there is a lot of students ready for help and wishing for a chance to make our society a better place .
Nowadays , Ways of live have being Changing in many aspects .
Does why , is easy to believe that if things continue with this rhythm and transforming everything , in a closer future of 50 years everything is gon na be completely knew and different .
In the past , people were used to live the instant without concerning about the future .
Lives of everybody were the same and just some of them thought that what they were doing in that moment would have consequences in the future .
For that , everything were kind of similar and static for many years .
But then industrialization comes and with that , the technology , so ways of life 's started to change and everything start to go faster .
As I told you before because of the technology many things has become able in less time , and with the pass of the years this tend to increase .
For example , sharing knowledge and experiences allows that everybody can do or apply things and develops faster .
Also allows that researches can be share easily or for example you can get information about environmental problems that can affect you as we 'll so you can react faster and make some changes .
Another example of why lives are gon na changed completely in 50 years is because also that connection between others cultures make People concern more about her own health , the expectations of life and the way they want to live it , because everyday will be easier to see how much are we hearting the earth so we will see faster the impacts that this brings to our life .
As a result we will be need to change fast , to try to fix what we broke and star to rebuild in order to have that future or health that we dream of .
Least but no less , family perception , has being changed and for that time everything will be different because will be the effect of the decisions that women are making right now about having kinds .
They are tending to work as much as men 's , so is hard to have time for building a family or even some times is hard too , thinking about getting married .
So that , maybe would n't be young force worker in 50 years and people will spend all their time and money in their hobbies , sports , self care and traveling .
I studied in Kuwait schools , after that I joined Damascus university , the faculty of human medicine , I graduated from it in 2008 with very good grade , then I got the Master 's degree in laboratory medicine from the same university ( Ministry of Higher Education ) in 2013 with Excellent grade .
Then I returned to Kuwait , to set at home till I find work or may get a chance to continue my higher education ( doctorate ) ....
Now I 'm working in voluntary works , like translation , editing in Wikipedia & others
This premonition can not hold more true .
Traveling in public transport can be cumbersome and quite eventful .
Talk of getting to meet strangers who may turn out to be thiefs .
That is why i feel traveling by your own car is the best things that can happen to one person .
You get the convenience of traveling at your own pace and stopping when you please .
Someone has suggested putting warnings on some types of food and drink .
This suggestion is controversial .
On the one hand society become increasingly fat and kinds of warnings could be useful to remind them to eat clean .
On the other hand it 's hard to implement this idea .
The companies who produce products with harmful ingedients are very mighty so that this suggestion is very hard to enforce .
The example on cigarette packets shows that warnings like this could be useful .
the aim of this report is to provide assessment to relocate the current canteen of the campus to a location more accessible for all the students , hence it will hopefully prove both , the profitability of the canteen and the relevant role it plays for all the students in the campus .
One day , a man called Jonas was standing in front of a mountain when he saw a big bird of prey .
He was worried that the bird charged him , so the man seeks refuge and goes in a cavern .
Suddenly he understands that he has heard a noise so he decides to stay in the cavern away from danger .
It 's the day after and Jonas has put up all night in the cavern and at cold .
At dawn the man goes out from the cavern and look at the sky to see if there was the bird of prey .
Jonas does n't see the bird and think that the predatory had gone away , during the night .
So he decides to get home .
While the man was climbing the mountain , the bird pecked at Jonas who , worried , did n't know what to do .
He decided to take the penknife that he had in his bag , and he is successful in kill the bird of prey .
After two long day Jonas get home safe and sound and tell everything about his experience .
As all of us know that today 's generation prefers everything to be their own .
An in the process of owning we have moving so ahead that a day will be there when we will strongly claim that public transport does not have any future .
It will automatically diminish its presence .
As our country is developing there will days were each and every individual will be self reliant and would definitely prefer having their own vehicle to commute from one distance to the other .
In 1999 they 're some college friends went to desert in their Holley , they have a camping to get a fun .
But in some day tow guise with quad bike and they saw some thing wrong they sad what 's that , they sow dead body , they skared and run to ther camp .
other frinds coll poles .
Polles came with big investigation .
the investigation accuse them and investigate prison .
after two days poleas sow some boody in crime scene the poles man ask them what did you do hear ? he was skard and puzzle over .
they cache them .
after tow days he was confess .
the poles man whs sham feom the gues and he was apologize .
television serves the multipurpose of entertaining and educating people.in order to cope up the competiting world and get recognized in the corperative world one must strive hard , which in turn increases their stress levels .
Television has become one of the means to reduce the stress levels.besides providing entertainment television has also become a source of information .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I apply to your University and I am still waiting for an answer .
Also , I am do not get an intitation to an interview yet .
The problem is that I am from Poland and I could be in Great Britan from 22 to 25 February .
I am sorry if I do not understood in your previous e - mails .
I am waiting for your answer .
Yours sincerely
Well I 'm Sebastian Vega and I 'm studying engeering sustainable development .
One of the things that I feel stressed are the finals exams , because I have to study for all the classes and sometimes I am very confused with my notes .
To be honest I take the finals exams like a challenge and it becomes exciting for me and I think I learn a lot if I have pressure and the most of the times I have good grade .
Sometimes I trust a lot and I have a bad grades so I feel depressed .
Nowadays the public transporte is n't hardly necessary for our life .
However , a lot cities have a problem about traffic , cause of this trouble that citizen do n't use public transporte such as autobus , taxi , or even metro .
Consequently , gorvernment start to support and take care of the public transporte .
Moreover it 's not only traffic 's problem but also bad condition .
Much toxic and exhaust flow to air .
How can we recover the pubilc transporte .
People are unpleasant because all of them have bad quality , so government ought to update new technology which protects the environment .
Now , the car price is very low 's cost so it very easy to buy a car .
The recenty years before , a family had only one car but today we have a car for ourselves .
Restaurant review
This restaurant is excellent !
It 's not very expensive and there are lots of choices on the menu .
Waiters are always smiling and they are very nice .
They wear black and white clothing like the decoration of the etablissment .
It is located in the city centre next to a big fountain .
They open from 11 am to 14 pm and from 8 pm to 10 pm .
And for spring and summer they open a beautiful and large terrace .
The atmosphere is very friendly .
The food is excellent and copious .
The baking of the meat is excellent .
The wait is not long , only a few minutes .
This restaurant should be the best for our class .
The best place for young people in our area is without doubt the countryside with the lake .
Here they can do many kinds of sport : swimming , sailing , surfing , kiting , rowing and many others .
At least they can meet other folks and relax , have a sunbathe and listen to the music .
In the summer around the lake are so many concerts so you have the difficulty finding the right one .
Luckily the scouls are closed per ten weeks , so the young girls and boys have much time to spend the
leisure time together .
in modern day there is very little public transpotr are used , ganeral public prefer much faster and conveninece ways of traveling around.though the pulic transport are used in mager citys to avoied traffic conjustion , it is wlidly reconizge that public transport are eco friendly .
public transport is used by many people around the world , including me .
Some public transports as trains do not contaminate as cars or motorbikes .
Many people said that public transport is not confortable , that s true , from my point of view bus is not so unconfortable .
Many people like going by car , but it pollute a lot more than going by public transort.public transport is cheaper than buying a car or motorbike , it also contamiate less than these .
Public transport is also used by childrens like me who want to go to school , high school or to the univerity .
Finally , I think public transport has a very good future , because it has very good advantages but also some little disadvantages , it 's also very usefull for some people .
In my opinion public transport souldn't dissapear .
I like to spend time cute little kids and cooking is my favourite hobby .
In the evening I would like to spend some time with those kids by organising some indoor and outdoor games for them .
I would feel more energtic throughout the day If I have some busy or tight scheduled work , I have come across your advertisement For this job and I really think that I would suit this job in every aspect because I have a friendly move with people in and around me . I would be pleased to know for your positive reply .
My town tries to take care of the environment but sometimes it is not possible .
Some people do n't have any conscience of the need of good environment .
Neither they do n't seem to take care nature and all around it .
For instance , My town have a lot of mountains with big forests , tall trees and many types of animals or plants .
However , that is n't protected by government and its institutions .
Local Parliament haven't regulated principles or rules of the environment , then ecosystems have been destroyed , rivers are contaminate and pollution had reised inside my town .
Besides , my town 's institutions have allowed that some foreign enterprises or corporations could to take our own resources without demand that they be careful with environment .
This is clearly a symptom of how inside my town does n't care any element of the environment .
Nevertheless , in the last decade some neighborhoods have taken conscience on their context .
In this way , we can to see inside them that their population have so much control and they know that affect them .
Good management of the rubbish is a new inclination in many neighborhoods of my town .
Recycle plastic , paper , cardboard etc , by poblation of the most important neighborhoods of my town is a way to improve the environment .
My favourite sport is box because it 's the only sport that can relax me .
In my opinion this sport teaches to mature because in addition to set up the person physically , it instructs the mind .
I begin this sport for 2 years ago .
My brother was win so much fight and when i saw him proud i want to try that .
I do n't know what i can tell .
Thank you goodbye .
Must people prefer large colleges more than small colleges for many advantages .
First , the majors offer numerous and diverse .
It has a lot of faculty members .
It gives the students the freedom to choose his major and the teachers .
In addition , it has a lot of facilities that serve students like kindergarten that takes care of children these employees , university housing , hospital the student of medicine can be application in it and it serves the people too , and a big library has many books in various languages .
Besides that it availability some services like transporting for students and faculty , some restaurants , and mini market .
In addition , the location of large college is clear and the center at the city , so that easily accessible .
In the end , large colleges admit largest number of students , so the student may do establishing friendships more from different nationalities , also it serves the community by graduating many students in various majors .
Once upon a time there was a boy his name is Michael .
He had a very beautiful brown hair , Green eyes , and perfect smile .
Michael loves to play football all the time .
Someday he woke up early at the morning he go out for playing football before school , when he 's playing he saw something running very fast and go away .
He 's back home for getting ready for school when he 's try to forget what he saw , but he ca n't .
after school he did n't go to his home directly to check if what he saw at the morning was real or not , but he did n't find anything .
Next day he woke up early too not to play football but to take a look if this stranger will come back this morning . and he saw it again .
he jump from his bed to the street and walk to his way to see what he did every morning.when he walk after the stranger man he notice that he stopped in every trash in the street to take a look and go to the next one , and guess what he saw Michael and run away also Michael was afraid .
The stranger was looking for a food in the street to take it to his family .
Hi Michael ,
I just got back from a school trip to London .
It was very cool .
we visited the Tower of London , Buckingham Palace and the wax museum .
I liked the most in a wax museum .
He puts them on Marie Tussaud in 1835 .
There are statues of famous people from different walks of life made of wax . when you were last on a school trip ? where it was and what you have seen ?
Hello John
Thank you for showing interest in being a part of our company .
The organisation has reached its current position , because of people like you .
We would like to give six months time to scale up your skills .
We are looking forward to see your participation in the Organisation after six months .
My favorite sport is basketball .
I like it very much .
Almost each weekend , I 'll go to the playground to play basketball with my classmates .
And that 's my happiest time .
Further more , I watch TV of NBA matches each day .
I am quite interested with how the stars are going on .
Insufficient ESP teaching skills made teachers pull back to general English .
This becomes the concern of the employers since it may impact on the students ' learning outcomes .
This should also become the ED UMM commitment .
FILM : LUCY ( 2014 )
TThe plot of this film is about a 25 naive woman that was living and studying in Taiwan and one night went out for clubbing and met a nutter guy that involved her in a seedy drug smuggling issue with a Corean criminal band that forced her to be a mule drug .
A new substance , called CPH4 , bound to be distributed around Europe and the United States by which plenty bag was set into her stomach having an illegal clinical surgery .
But everything became out of control for the criminals when one of her captors kicked on her abdomen , the substance spilles through her body and she begins to experience a different state of consciousness in which she dizzily enhanced her IQ from 2% to almost 100% of his capacity .
During this time she contacts Samuel Norma , PhD Professor of University , to ask him what happens if a person reaches the 100% of his mental activity or IQ .
She 'll end up knowing the answer .
It is a gripping film , starring by Scarlett Johanson and Morgan Freeman in a quite good playing , that will you keep tense until the last scene and does n't leave you feel unpasible .
Nowadays people are using own cars instead of public transport , this effect is more obvious in big cities where the price of public transport cost more than small cities .
Pople are getting used to drive with their own car , it provides more confortability , and is more practical .
You can use it whenever you want , and it 's not necessary make a long queues at metro or bus stations .
The government are opposing to invest in public infraestructures , because the benefits are lower every year .
They are preferring to invest in public roads and motorways .
The impact of this fact has a huge consequences in the climate effect , in the futre the global pollution will increase according to the level of the cars .
The travelling by car it 's very bad .
With the public transport we protected the environment .
The pollutes it 's a global problem .
If we will travel by car have more pollutes that with public transport .
Otherwise , the public transport pollutes less that the car but the car it 's very comfortable and not be hour hard .
With the car I feel more free as I do n't depend to other people for move to the site .
I believe that in the future all transport will be with the public transport or least with massive transport .
The actual system is not possible stand long time .
Recently I saw the trailer of the film about vampires .
The film is called ' The Vampire Diaries ' .
It is about two men and one woman .
The girl is 18 years old and men ( as it later turns out ) are vampires and they have over 100 years .
One of vampires decides to return to high school .
There he meets a girl .
He falls in love in her .
They are together .
Then there is the older brother of the boy ( vampire ) and also falls in love in her .
All the action takes place in Mystic Falls .
This trailer I like and I think that the film would be cool .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He had to buy a present for his girlfriend 's birthday but it was Sunday and all stores were closed so he had to found a solution .
A few hours , he was walking by a garden , and suddenly , he saw the most beautiful flowers that he has ever seen , so he picked them up .
However , flowers were n't enough so he decided to think in anything else .
Several hours later , he found an open sweet shop and he bought some bonbons for her .
Finally , he had found the present and before the end of the day he ran quickly to his girlfriend 's house .
If you do n't want to pass this situation , you must always do things with time .
In my thougths , i have the opinion the public transport is better to the enviroment because going in the public transport reduce the CO2 emissions and take out traffic from the streets .
Reducing the rush hours in the main hours cause a CO2 reduction in the air .
it is a true statement about cars , travelling by car is so much more convenient and the new tecnologies apply to the
People should take less fast food and do regular exercises for maintaining a hgealthy life .
People tend to pick the junk foods as they do not get enough time for cooking at home .
Many of us do not get enough time in the morning , to prepare our lunch for the office .
Easy availability is also tempting us for fast foods .
University education is good for the students but they also need to learn industry specific skills .
Students , for example learn many theories , which may not be required at their place of work .
New skills like analytics and data management are in demand .
In my opinion , what is expected is a new role for teachers but not their disappearance from classrooms .
At university level , availability of IT training , software and manuals provide an ever accessible source of information , that otherwise would not be at hand .
For example , India has high rate of unemployment , hunger , poverty which leads to an immense embrassment of being Indian .
Nowadays internet represents the whole knowledge that people have collected over the centures .
So it provides a lot of interesting information , one of which are about how works different machines what can be found at www.howstuffworks.com .
Also ' internet ' in our days helps to get information all over the world , and if you wish to get involved then go to the www.bbc.co.uk.These sites are free way to find most adequate information about actual events both in society and technical life .
One day i decide o buy news paper .
When i was arrived at home , i was started to read the news paper , so i found from there The International Student Magazine have to organize a short story competition , and I decide to call Michael to tell him about this contest .
Michael was told me he was knew about this contest and at that moment he want to call me to ask , if I am able to came with him at that contest .
After I decided to go with him at the contest , I was thinking to go at that contest next year to participate and win that contest , so this year I was wondering how is the program .
When we were arrived there , the emotions started to appear so definitely it was time to drink a hot coffee , before the contest is started .
I was wondering if Michael pass that exam .
I was waiting for Michael less then an hour , so I started to have a lot of emotions .
After Michael was opened the door from the classroom , I was saw in his eyes something strange .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door imagine my surprised by what I saw .
It was awesome !
One Direction was in front of my door !
I could n't believe in my eyes ...
It was weird that Niall was missing .
Then , I asked them why he was n't with them and they told me : " We are on our tour in America and were singing at our concert in New York City .
When we came back in our dressing room , " Golem " waited for us .
" Golem " as we all know , are magical creatures , made from mud and having black rocks for the eyes , which can be brought to life by a incantation .
So , we were trying to save time until we managed to escape , but Niall did n't make it to escape , as they caught him when he stumbled and fell down .
Now , " Golem " hold him hostage in their cave , which is hidden somewhere in Los Angeles . "
I looked at them trying to think of something to do and then I said : " Come on boys , WE are going to SAVE Niall ! ! ! ! "
We took all we needed and started the searching for Niall ... We went in all caves in Los Angeles , but we could n't found them .
One night , which we were sleeping in our car , by mistake the car started to move and we woke up in a huge cave , out of Los Angeles .
I could n't believe in my eyes , we found Niall .
Then , we got out of our car and save Niall , after we were fighting with " Golem " and came back home .
Recently , an increasing number of people try to travel by car for convenient .
In my opinion , public transport will still exist in the society .
There are three main reasons for supporting my idea .
Firstly , for the long - distance , the car is not as convenient as airport .
for example , if you go to another city by car , you may spent more than two days on the way .
On the contrary , airport just cost your two hours , and you can go to your destination .
The time spending of taking airport is lower than taking car .
Secondly , consuming car is not a normal thing for part of developing or undeveloped country .
The fee of buying car and fuel oil is expensive for poor people .
Thus , it is important to use public transport because it is much cheaper than private car , and everyone can consume .
Thirdly , the global warming is a serious issue for human who live in the earth .
Air pollution is the main causes for global warming .
The great number of using private car leads to higher level of air pollution , and the public transport is one of the best solutions for decreasing the air pollution .
To sum up , there are numerous benefits to use public transport , and it will not disappear .
Nowadays public transportation is included almost all around the planet , We can admit that the transport revolution has been plave in the last century but due to the globalization and technological development , the transport sector is always in a continuos transformation :
In the other hand we must remarque how the plane sector has been grown , currently is the most common way of transport for going away and that 's also means than the shipping factory has decreaced deeply , in order to let the plane market blomm .
Talking about local transport , we have a lot of choisses like cars , motorbikes , busses , train but also as we were talking about , planes .
According to the information donne , the most used is the car thus most of the families has one , but the public transportation is getting more and more common for those ones who want to preserv the planet and develop other alternatives more respectfully with the planet .
As we were talking , the new ecological movement is every time more powerful and charismatic , due to that , bikes are also increasing their role in the new age , there are also linked to the new fashion way to be hipster .
In conclusion , we are assisting to a new tend in transport , every time , they are faster and more developer , with the latest technology included but at the oppossite case , we find also a contradiction , as we found an other trend for the tradictional transport which avoid the pollution in order to respect the Earth
I agree that communiting by car is easier and faster than most of the public transportation ; however , there are serious problems come after it ; the amount of vehicles on the roads keep increase and make congestion and pollution which are far more severe than the inconvenience causing by public transportation .
Thus , I think the future for public transportation will be more proferous .
Dear Jo
Many thanks for your message ,
when you can , you call me .
Then if you want we could go to the restaurant of the city
later if you want we could fiand a job for three months , in my opinion a good job for three months I could be the waiter because the waiter get much money in the three months of the summer .
also I believe that a good job could be lifeguard , because in summer the people go to the beach and they need lifeguard .
If I were you I would choose lifeguard because the lifeguard earn much money than the waiters .
If you want we could go to the capital city of my country , we will go by the car because the car is cheaper than the bus or train , we could eat in the famous restaurant of the city or we could go to the cinema also if you want I could visit the medieval wall .
I am looking forward to see you
best wishes
toni
Mobile phones are most important thing in our daily lifeis the most effective method for instantaneous communication .
However the extensive use of mobiles create lot of problems .
This essay evaluates whether its demerits outweigh its merits .
To begin with now a days people are addicted to mobiles.for example young people wasting their valuable time in mobiles .
Moreover their concentration is reduced .
Another serious problem is people are creating relationships with an unknown person and can leads to several issues including crimes .
To sum up let people aware about the drawbacks of phones and use it wisely .
Uncertain future for Public Transport
Public transport is generally is the transport system provided by government for the general people .
These transport includes buses , trains & boats etc .
People of all classes can use this .
This facility helps the general people in saving their money because usually these transport are the less costly .
My favourite kind of sport is horse riding .
The first time when I ride on the horse I was 14 and since that time I enjoy it very much .
When I ride on the horse I feel myself much better and forget all of my problems .
Riding the horse gives me a state of freedom .
I think that the horse is a kind and clever animal .
If you want to start to ride on a horse , the main thing that you should know is " do n't be afraid of horses ! "
They feel your fear .
Alcoholism is a disease that affects many people in the world today .
I think that is an important illness because it affects the family of alcoholic people .
Moreover , the alcoholics should go to the doctor in order to getting well .
In conclusion , alcoholism is a serious problem for all the society .
I 'm a big fan of science fiction movies , however this kind of movies is actually sometimes a little bad , but in the last weeks a new one has been released , and I was absolutely surprised about this one .
Interstellar is a new Christopher Nolan 's movie which includes the participation of some Hollywood 's stars such as Matthew McConaughey , Anne Hathaway and Matt Damon .
public transport has a big role in transportation specially in large cities like Capital city of countries , using the car some times causes traffic jam if all person uses their own car , to avoid this a good roadways is needed , also the cost of public transportation is lower than private transportation .
on the other hand , public transportation takes more time to get to the required station , because already public transport taking long path to go across more places and as more as peoples take benefits from it , and public transport usually crowed and do not be on time .
for that reason using own car is more comfortable than public transport , you can travel when ever you like and where ever you want .
finally , in the near future most peoples will be using their own car , because it saves much time as comparing with public transport and time factor will be more expensive in the future .
On school days , I get up at 5 a.m. and go jogging in my neighbourhood in 15 minutes .
Then I take a shower , have breakfast with my family members .
Everyone is in a hurry .
I leave home at 7:30 to take a school bus .
After school , I keep running on a track field to be an athlete on a school sports team .
In the rainy season , it is boring to do rehearsals as nobody is on the field .
I come back home on the sunset .
Sometimes , I am exhausted due to a hard workout .
However , I ca n't go to bed early because I have to prepare my homework for tomorrow 's school .
My favourite day it is Saturday because I do not need work or study , so I can go out with my friends and on Sunday I can wake up very late
write soon ,
Dyogo
my favorite sport is basketball .
it is amazing sport .
when i jump to throw the ball in the basket , i feel that i am flying .
when i ran with the ball , i feel that i hold a goal or a valuable something and i should offer my best to put it in his place and make it in right way .
i know that i am not professional player and i am n't belong to any team but i like this game .basketball is so simple play but it is need Speed , concentration and The ability to determine the distances , it contains of two team of five player and each team try to get a high point by throwing the ball through the basket .
What I like most in this game is that The fewest number of player can play it even two player , i recommend everyone to exert it especially with their friends or families ,
In this episode of my life I will to talk you about my daily routine .
I wake up early like 7 am , at this moment go out to the backyard to turn on the boiler , then go to kitchen
Nowadays , people live in very modern and fast society and try to have as convenient life as it is possible .
One of the many possibilities , how do our lives more convenient is to use cars rather than public transport .
Firstly , I like to mentioned public transport 's types .
The most common are bus and train , but in the cities people can use tram , subway or boat and for the long distance they can take a flight .
From my point of view , the main transport disadvantages , which caused our lives discomfort are time and place limitation , sharing the space with others , lack of free seat .
On the other hand , people should think of the environment , pollution , global warming , which all are currently warning .
We should think of our better future and try to behave environmentally friendly - try to avoid the huge pollution , which is by cars caused and do n't think only to our comfort .
In my birthday 's day , I directed go to school this morning . I wonder whether my birthday passed it at lunch time .
At this point , someone invites sing to me , after school , he / she and I went to dinner and went to sing .
To the KTV , they touched to me because there are a lot of people had planned a birthday celebrate to me together .
After finish to the home , due to I was so tired that I fell asleep and fell down .
The next day , I was reluctanted to rise and class .
Suddenly , I thought of my gift was gone in the class , the students said he / she did n't take , but I doubt them , so we quarrel .
I came home from school , only to found a gift on the sofa .
Ioffer an apology out of harm students , but fortunately he did n't got angry for me .
It is easy to make boiled egg .
There are four steps to boil an egg and some tips to make it delicious .
Here you are the recipe : First , bring some materials like : a pan , water , one or more eggs , and sure a stove .
Second , pour the hot water and eggs into the pan .
Third , let them boil on the stove for ten minutes .
Fourth , take the eggs out and let them cool for about five minutes .
Finally , to make it delicious there are some tips : if you like , you can put a little salt and pepper on it .
That is how to boil an egg .
Hi Peter !
Personally , I agree with your parents .
I think you should save money for the future , because you may have to buy something importantwith your own money .
In my opinion , there are more important things than computer games , so spending money for them it 's like wasting money .
In the future you 'll have to spend a lot of money for the university , the new home and so on , and I think you should start saving money . I should do it too but it 's not simple , actually .
Everything seems so beautiful in the shops !
Silvia .
Actually , where I live the public transport is highly used , It seems that in the near future they wo n't disappear .
In fact in some countries overdeveloped may will extinguish because I suppose travelling by car is much cheaper and faster .
But , that future is very far for our actual situation .
Collecting book is my favourite pastime .
I started my hobby when I was a chid .
The first item in my collection is ABC book .
And now , I have a lot of books of all kinds : biology , chemistry , novel , dictionary , etc .
Now I have about 100 and more in future , I hope that .
Whenever I find an interesting book I buy it immediately .
Sometimes , my family and my friends gives me book such gifts .
I classify them into different categories : manual , cookbook , biography , etc .
It takes all my spare time to clean and dust .
It keeps me amused for hours , too .
This is the first text I would like to write on this website . I think this is a good idea to contribute to English language research and improve my skill at the same time .
As this is my first time , I would like to find out how exactly does the system work , so I chose to write this random text rather than those serious topics available .
Public transport is more convenient than cars , many ways.when we use public transport that benefits many ways .
Maintaing cars are expensive .
Public transport you do not need to worry about any petrol filling , checking tyre pressures , getting tired after driving long journey .
In future cutting down public transport affects many of the people .
Elderly people wo nt able to drive always depends on public transport .
If public transport stop services people who are not able to drive will affect a lot .
Travelling by car is convenient but there are dis advantage as well .
As our population growing fast in a family both husband and wife working and children at university able to drive , so you are looking per house least 3 cars , so imagine how busy our roads will be .
As now fuel price coming down that does not mean that it will stay like that for ever , price go up and down .
In summary public transport is important for our community and people has to raise their concerns regarding this .
Stopping public transport not going to gain anything rather than impact will be unpredictable .
Due to increased traffic may cause delays in arranged journeys , increase the number of accidents ... etc .
I think sport is a good exercise for need to exercise people , I have a suggestion that want to have good health , choose a interest sport and try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it 's will be fun and health your physical constitution .
It was 8:00 o'clock in the morning .
Michael just had realized that he did n't heard the alarm clock so he get in panic immediately : - I ca n't arrive late at work .
He thought .
He jumped out of bed and had quick shower , there was no time for breakfast consequently he decided to buy aomething to eat near the office .
After the shower he bring his suit , but he had forgotten that he did n't do the iron last day , moreover he hasn't got any other ironed one so he did it quickly .
In spit of that he was dessed up on time .
-Everything is in order , it seems that finally I 'll arrive on time .
Although it was n't , he had forgotten to unplug the iron .
Michael closed the door and he knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Does basketball have the fame that is deserves ?
Nowadays basketball is the sport which rules in the USA .
90% of the Americans wants to be a basketball star , with the dream of playing with Lebron James , Pau Gasol , Marc Gasol ...
According to the results of a questionnarie ( Houston habitants)and most of them , play basketball to forget the homework , problems and to relax in their free time .
Also they think that the main reason for their preference instead of other sport which is more intense .
However they think that basketball is only a reason to meet all the family , friends ...
Furthermore , they give advice to those all novice on basketball " do n't ever lost the passion " if because they give up , they wo nt play with the biggest players of the wolrd .
In conclusion , the real objective of the questionnarie consist on what the people think about the king sport of United States of America .
I 've been start jogging for five years .
It is the way I can unwind because my study it 's stressful .
It gives me a sense of achievement , for these reasons I would like to do every day .
I love jogging because it 's a way to stay outdor immersed in nature .
I think there are not negative side in doing jogging .
I have been really on skiing since I was a baby .
My mother make me start .
Since then every year i go in north Italy to practice .
I fell relaxed staying alon near montains and snow .
Hello Oskar !
Is a good restaurant in my town and I think you will like it .
It is called ' The Rose ' and it is at the city centre in front of the station .
You will see it when you leave the train .
It is a friendly restaurant with a nice menu .
The meals are English kitchen and with some of European plates too .
When I went there the last , it was in my birthday and I went there with my family .
I am like the people who serves there and the decoration is pretty .
They cook good meal .
You must try !
If you go there , tell me what do you think .
I am sure you have a fun time .
Greetings ,
Bob
public transport has advantages and disadvantages.i will start with disadvantages .
first public transport is neither comfort nor safe .
public transport is very crowded so you may not have a seat .I hate public transport as I was attacked by mad man once .also taxi is not a good transport .I wish I have my own car soon to get rid of public transport . travelling with your car make it easier and better .
The advantages may include that it has a low price and may rescue you if your car is not work .
I am writing regard that your service of outsourcing because I am currently having a problem with my accounted for this reason I am looking for a new service that can help me .
Can you say now , if you have this service ?
If you can have this service may you are the people that I am looking .
I appreciate it could arrange an appointment with you to meet your service .
Please , feel free to contact me if you have any questions .
Best regards .
Rodrigo Andrade S.
I 'm a really sportive person I love to different sports I think that it 's something that is great for your body and your metabolism , Did you know that do exercise can reduce depression and increase the quality of your life ?
I think one of my favorites sports of all is the atletism I love it because it is a sport where you prove yourself , you have to be every day better than you where yesterday , it force you to improve every time , also is an exercise that help all your body , especially the legs because it gives them great strength , but also your hands because they have to be in a constant movement , and all the body in general because you run and your metabolism is accommodated and help you to have coordination .
I enjoy running a lot because it relax me , I let out all my worries and frustrations , so it makes me happy .
I recommended all the people who wants to run that if you do n't feel like you 're improving anyway keep going and whit the time you will see results .
I am not sure that mines is the best family in the world but I am pretty sure that I have the best parents I could never wished for .
There is my mother , my father , my two brothers and me .
I am the biggest of the children , than after me is my brother Sidi .
Sidi has 24 years old and at least is Joni , who has only 15 years old .
Generally I miss them all because I live in a distant city away from where my family lives now .
I used to live with them for 25 years a Genoa but last year I left home because I found a job in Milan , which is the city where I actually live now .
Thank you for your attention .
This is an introduction for how to make bank notes .
The first two step is to design with background color artwork and security issues and prepare metal plates with skilled machinists .
Then there are some requirments for printing sheets : color on both sides , special ink and images slightly raised .
The most essential and key process is manual inspections for printed sheets with three categories : good quality sheets , patially damaged sheets and bad sheets .
The qualified and nit damaged severely sheetes are supposed to be packagd and distribued , which will be cut into separate bank notes , packed and then dispatched .
On contrary , other failed sheetes will be disposal and destroyed with band notes in a secure way .
Once upon a time a boy was six years old .
His name was Michael .
Michael lived in a big house in Denton , Texas .
He had a lot of animals : Two dogs and three puppies , four horses , eigth ducks and one cat , Lionel .
Lionel was a black and white cat , and it was a very funny , fast and sweet aminal .
It was the prefer of Michael .
Lionel was the best friend of Michael .
When Lionel was around Michael , the boy was happy .
One day , Michael got up late , and he had going to school at seven o'clock .
It was Six o'clock and he had hurry if he would not want to get to school late .
Michael had breakfast and he forgot to prepare milk for Lionel .
Michael was out all day , and Lionel has not anything for eating ....
Michel closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
When I was a little girl I used to play volleyboll and I really liked that .
One day I had a surprise , I have met a teacher and he invited me to tranee in a huge gym in a team .
I started to think that was born for that sport .
I worked too hard , but enjoe playing really .
Sundully happanned sonething , I need to work to play my studuies in the High school , so the life changes anyway , I needed to stop my favourite sport , because I should need to study in that moment it was more important for me .
Today I do not play volleyboll anymore , but I really enjoy dancing , now I can say that it is my favourite , it is all of .
The line graph shows the U.S. cigarette price in dollar related to cigarette consumption in billions of packs from 1970 to 2006 .
The hugest gab is in 1981 where is the cheapest price combined to the highest expanditure of cigarette packs in the whole interval .
Roughly in 1998 we can notice an equibrium price at 2,75 $ and an equibrium quantity at 23 billions of packs .
Later both lines changed their regular trends so there are an huge imbalance again .
My English is great level and speaking is my favourite part of learning English .
Captain at sports is what I did in high school .
I am very pleased to help organise sports activities .
World is progressing rapidly , day by day there is a new ways of transportation , there is a new technology .
From the beginning of the world till now , human wants the fast income and the easy ways of live , so he tries more and more to find a solution for his problems by creating a new ways of liveing more easy and more convenient for him .
So that , transportation was one of the most important issues faced human , because it is related to the interaction between people like trading and many other purposes .
From this point every human have the ability to buy a car and also buy his rest he will not hesitate to do it .
It is claimed thatour lives will improve in the next fifty years .
But we do n't if this change would be good or bad , I hope that will be good but let 's talk about it .
Fistly , i 'd like to talk about employments , i think that these are the most important thing to worry about , if our studies get better , we will create more employments and as a result the economical situation of the country will be better .
Moreover , our capacity fosr learning more lenguages seems to be really adequate unfourtunatelly while there are a lot of teenagers that are getting prepared really hard , there are others that are all the opposite .
I think it is probable that in some years the tecnology could have improve quite a lote , and this is a very powerful advantage for us , the young people .
Beacuse we were borned in ' the internet generation ' as everyone says , so this aspect might be helpful for us .
In conclution , i 've got to said that now we do n't have to worry about the future we just have to carry on in present and do it the better we can .
Hi Alex!h How are you ? I heard that you went out with Mike !
It 's a fantastic new !
Anyway , I was guessing if you want to go to the cinema with me to see the new Leonardo Dicaprio 's movie because I heard that action movies are your favourites .
My favourite kind of movie is horror , actually my favourite movie is " The orphan " .
It talks about a little girl who went adopted but she is 35 years old in reality .
It is very creepy !
Anyway , I hope that you come with me to the cinema .
See you soon .
Bye
Nowadays the public transport system are running out of passengers due to heavy use of personal transport such as cars and bikes.in early 1990 the public transport systems were most popular trans port system across the world because , most of the peoples had not their own vehicle . but in late 1990 most of the people were able to buy their own vehicle due to many financial institute which has various loan facilities .
today many people use their own vehicle for instead of public transport , the other thing is , it is easy and convenient way to travel to the job and any other personal work . therefore , it can be seen the demand for public transport getting low and lover .
In conclusion , it is true that the demand for the public going down rapidly as thy have their own vehicles .
however , even though everybody has their own vehicles they will have to use public transport once the roads are full of vehicles .
I have seen the following announcement in International Sport Monthly magazine .
My favourite sport is football , and I enjoy because I love football players .
I had the opportunity to meet more about this sport .
I would advise you to the person starting the sport endeavor and can fulfill their dream , many ca n't get what they accomplished those players today are very famous
You can learn with your referee and with coach .
Some people prefer play together but also there competition between players .
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think that this class discussion could n't true .
In the future people 's live had better .
Providing that we care the environment .
It 's really important .
If we live well , we will be more carefully with world .
Otherwise everybody wanted a future better .
Nowadays there are a lot of things that we doing the live easier .
In order that if I were you , I would live well in the next 50 years .
I 'm looking forward so people will have more interesting by this case .
For instance , my family do n't think that will happened in the next 10 years .
They live at the moment .
Besides they said that in all the moment : ' Carpe diem ' .
This is other opinion .
I 'm Emad from Egypt .
my family consists of 5 members - my father , my mother and tow brothers .
my father is a business man .
he is 65 years old .
he works in real state investment .
my mother is a teacher .
she is 50 years old .
she is working in primary school .
my older brother is 30 years old and he is working as accountant for radio and television union in Cairo .
the younger brother is 25 years old .
he is a dentist .
he is doing master in turkey these days .
the last member is me , I 'm Aeronautical engineer in Qatar .
I love my family but everybody staying and living in different place or country .
the best brother for me is the second one who is a dentist .
he is my best friend and brother .
I hope if I can living with him in the same place .
he is very helpful and collaborator .
we spent a fun time in the beginning of our life when we were kids .
I really love my mother and father .
they spent their life helping us to be good men .
my older brother helped us in studying , but he is older than me by 10 years , so the relation between us is n't strong .
Anyway i 'm very happy to write for you .
This assertive is totally false .
The expansion of public transport is one of the keys saving the planet , especially if the energy source used come from clean sources .
Nowadays , the use of vehicles powered by gasoline and diesel is the main cause of air pollution in big cities around the world . Researches show that the private cars are used most often carrying few person at a time , what makes it very inefficient considering the quantity of carbon dioxide and other toxic substances expelled to the environment each time that the engine is started .
Lady decided to visit her boyfriend .
But she is boyfriend live upstate and hasn't got a airport he 's of city because of that she was need choose by train .
She was just prepared a suitcase after that went to train station .
In my opinion I think that the increase of teenage crime is because their parents do not put limits to them , and how not pay attention , they make all kinds of serious mistakes .
From my point of view , the best thing the police can do with these people is send them to a reformatory until they can leave disciplined .
Another good option is give them a difficult work for every day keep them busy , but I do n't know what kind of job can be , because a person who commit a crime is n't going to do something to help society like communitarian service .
I felt nervous when the phone rang .
I was sitting calmly ina cafe , when I heard it ringing .
Firstly I thought
it could be one of my best friends as we really liked to have lunch together .
But I saw unknown phone number on a display and felt a little bit nervous .
What if it were my boss or clients and possibly something dreadful had happened to my job .
It went on ringing and with great fear I clicked on the green button .
Luckily it was my colleague Jane who wanted to drink a cp of fresh coffee with me .
The flowchat provides an overview of the steps of making bank notes , it shows that how bank notes are manufacted from designing to thing we can used .
This process involves five main stages .
First , it should take some considerations in design , including background colour , artwork , security issues .
Next , skilled machinists is prepared , in which there are metal plates .
Then the printer will print some sheets into bank notes(50 bank notes per sheet).Subsequently , the technical must be used specially for distinction , for example the colour printed on both sides , Special ink is used and imges slightly raised .
After this , printed sheets will be inspected carefully .
According to the quality of sheets , it will be two results.if the quality is good or the bank notes is partially damaged which can be used , it would cut into separate bank notes , then it is packed and disoatched.while those bad sheets will be securely destroyed .
This is Iqra . I am from Karachi , Pakistan .
My hieght is about5.2 , hair color is dark brown , eye colour is black and I will be wearing jeans and long shirt . I will be arrived at 20 past to 3 .
Describe a supermarket near your home
There are not very big Supermarket near my home but there is a nice one .
It is situated in main bolivar cross my home .
The space is about 100 m^2 and it has different automatic doors for inter and exit .
Near to the entry gate person say welcome to customers and answer their questions .
There are some big shelves in center of market are divided to some different parts for kinds of goods like Dried fruit , nuts , flour , condiment , beans , grains , rice , etc .
Also a section for Detergents , tissue , perfumes , etc .
You can see some store fridge around the market for Drinks and Dairy like milk , yogurt , cheese , butter and cream Also chest freezers for Ice creams .In a corner , they sell cosmetics and a salesperson helps customers to find their required .
There is a cashier next to exit door and you can pay by credit card or cash .
when you talk with someone have you ever thought in your words before you say it ?
a lot of us never think before they speak and that is not good thing to do .
you must think a little bit before you talk as one word causes a lot of pain for others for the rest they lives .you may not actually notice that but you will feel what am really mean if someone tells you a painful words .
it is clear that everyone is ought to make a mistake without even noticing .
for example a kid named Michael .
Michael is a good boy and he always listen to his mother .on time Michael was very angry as he got a bad score in his test .when he was home his mother was cooking she asked him what is the wrong ?
he said bad words that he will regret saying these words .he went to his room .Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear friend ,
It was great to hear from you again .
In your last email you told me about your lack of time of enjoying your hobbies .
I can understand how difficult this decision must be .
However , if I were you , I would do what I have always want .
And I know which matter you 've always been interested : music .
I remember when you told me once you was playing a violin for four hours .
So , a good idea would be to keep yourself doing creative things .
Anyway , you could always do any sport in your extra - free time .
As it 's often said : a good body makes a good mind .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you again .
Tell me what you decide .
Love ,
Anabel
I do n't like the public transport of school .
It is slow , inefficient and dangerous .
I prefer travel in the car or motorbike , i am feeling security .
In my family travel in the taxi , because the taxi is fast and secure .
Today I felt bad in the public transport .
It was solwly .
Also i can see the air pollution is tallest .
Compared car or bus , the car is the most expensive than bus , because the car is comfortable and faster .
The taxi so it is .
In the morning , I go to the school in bus with my brothers but they get out earliest .
I prefer travel in the car .
once upon the time there was a little man called Michael , that man has a heart of a little child and the brave of big man .
he had a girlfriend called sinha who was a girl with a big heart but unfortunately broken one .
one day Michael decided to make a surprise party to sinha to make her happy and feel his love more so he arranged everything and to keep it surprise to her he was busy all the time and did not show off all the week as usual .that make sinha worried and suspect that Michael do not love her any more and know another girl and she become extremely sad and even it become worse when Michael asked her to go to his apartment to make the surprise to her but he did not answer his phone after that .
when he come she start crying and thought he would break up with her and she did not give him a chance to talk or explain anything she started to cry louder and accused him of cheating that make michael astonished how she did not trust in him , how she thought that about him and he told her that he can not stand that anymore he would break up with her and he left .Michael close the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake
There 's no discussion which is my favourite restaurant in town , The Seaside . I will tell you why and also why it 's so appropriate for us , as a class to take our last farewell there .
Our class has reformed over the years , with great classmates leaving and coming we have always been welcoming about it , and not at least towards the new ones .
It 's not necessarily to be nice and keen to everyone but our class actually is , in the weekends the whole class gather in different events together .
I think the welcoming process in the beginning is crucial for this fellowship we have today and probably in 10 years too .
What I just told is what the restaurant Seaside means to me . Welcoming .
Fellowship .
At the Seaside 's you are genuinely welcomed at the first doorstep , they accept you whoever you are .
This makes th
It all started in the Parson Institute in the class of art history students of the race of Fine Arts in the class the teacher in charge , Jimena , commissioned a task to his students , saying :
-To Begin with this course , I want to be sure they know the meaning of art , pro I want it translated into a sculpture or painting made by yourselves , without any specific technique , only your imagination , with it you explain to me what it is art .
His excited students began coming to their homes with such work , since they had only 4 days to perform their duties .
After 4 days all came with spectacular pictures , portraits of people , large sculptures , to a student , her name was Sandra , she arrived with a piece of crumpled paper , old in which only had a name written in a style different letter , only there reflected , exposing the moment everyone laughed at her for her work , but the teacher said :
Art is complex , and seeing that everyone laughed with the work of his partner , can see that nobody understood the real meaning , since art is different for each person , each creates a different definition , so we must respect each of them understand that each person is a different world and everyone is art .
A student that really moved him , and reflect so apologetic , and out of the room , closed the door and Michael knew then that he had made a mistake .
In fact , this topic is very important in our modern times .
my favorite sport it affects me greatly.i'm a kung - fu player .
this sport is my favorite , but sometimes I think about to leave this sport . because in later time I hate a blood , so I think a lot of time to leave this sport . but it is dominated to me .
it 's makes me likes an animal when i 'm standing and get ready to fight i 'm convert into enemy.i'm a fucking ghost and I can kill anyone who tried to stop me .
so , i 'm rely thinking left this sport .
Everyday i get up early and exercise in the garden with my friends.i'm exercising more and more again to improve myself and become the best fighter in the world.i'm champion in my sport so , i 'm seek to do all my effort to be the first one in the world.finally I did not find encourage of my family or my teachers .
Hello to every body ! !
Now I 'm going to talk about the benefits o learning another language .
I am from spain so my foreign language is Spanish
I start to study another language when I was a child , I started learning English because every one said that English is the future language , when I finished my school time I tried to study French but it was so difficult for me .
I have to say that study another language give you more opportunities because on these days you need to now other language to look for a work and be more inteligent than your college to take the work and that 's great .
And to day is necessary because if you want to travel around the world and meet people and have conversation with their you need to now more than your foreign language , because in the rest of the world and particularly in Europe people now more than two language and that great .
I think learning other language never have drawbacks because all you learn is good for you and your main , you never stop to now new things .
These days , most of the people feel comfortable to travel through car and then they believe that public transport is not going to be sustain for longer time .
However I do not agree with them because in most part of the world mass transport system is still popular and they are environment friendly and cost efficient .
Firstly , Public bus service is very popular in most part of the world .
In most part of the Europe , people still prefer public bus instead of car to travel .
Secondly , public transport are environmentally sound in comparison to private vehicle .
It carries more people while private vehicle carries fewer people .
Public bus do not let more cars to contaminate environment .
Finally , Public transport 's cost efficient .
People need to spend more money on fuel if they want to travel same destination by private vehicle .
In conclusion , although car is convenient to travel , it is not enough to finish the future of public transportation .
In the towns of the future , the care of the environment is one of the most important thing .
People have conciencied themselves that we need to respect the nature and the human places where we live .
Human beings have destroyed our environment along the time and now , the earth is in danger .
First place we need to care about is our near place , the town .
I like to take out the trash every night and I try to recycle my trash throwing it in different bags .
I have recently bought an electric car in sustitution of my traditional car .
An electric car is less harmful for the environment .
When I go out to the camp , if I lunch there , I take care of cleaning the ground .
I like nor the dirty people neither the dirty places .
I hope to live in the future in a clean town and I 'm sure that the most of the people are now thinking in this way . We need to care of our town because nobody like to place into a dump .
Military service is the military training which needs people have to join army or voluntary for a period of time .
In Korean , people should completed military service at least 2 years .
Similarly , people have to join it 1 year in Taiwan .
It is a debate that should everyone have to complete military service when they reach 18 years old .
With supporters maintaining that it is important for national security and make people maturity , whilst opponents claim that the military service have effects on study and should have freedom of choice .
Firstly , every countries acquire stabilization must be protected by a stronger armed forces for national security .
If the war or other dangerous threat the safety of country , they can not get help from other countries immediately .
Therefore , people accept military service could be easier to protect their country .
Especially some small population of country have policy that is people need join military service due to develop into a powerful country .
Secondly , the important for people become maturity when they completed military service , which probably is a particular experience for 18 years old .
In addition to have hard physical training and get different special skills , people also can improve personal quality in military service .
Consequently , people could be more independent and strong , they seems to earlier become mature than other people who do not completed military service .
In contrast , opponents of military service point out that study is the first vital thing for people who reach 18 years old .
Military service mainly to improve physical , however study might be completed better in school at the age because it has professional teacher team and a good study atmosphere , people usually easier to concentrate on learning knowledge .
For instance , some countries allowed people join military service after their all courses was finished .
Additionally , critics argue that countries are able to allow people have freedom of choice for military service .
Relatively some people unwilling join military service , people volunteered in a military service possibly enjoy it .
Furthermore , it also can respect for right s of people , especially for women who do not can adapt the hard training .
In conclusion , it can be concluded that military service is necessary for national security and good for people improve themselves .
The best course of action would be government attempt to allow people volunteered in conscription when they completed their studies .
dear .
lou
This is danbi from ueecx13
By your favor , I can study at UNSW from the next year .
I really appreciate your encouraging us for every time in class .
Best wishes for a beautiful holiday season and a very happy new year .
I live in a small city in the middle of Vietnam .
This city do n't have a lot of citizen but It 's a travel city .
So in the street always have a lot of trash cans .
It will help people not throw the garbage in the street .
In our city have a billboard to urge people to have attention to environment .
In the school set up a workshop to tell with students important environment to our live .
The citizen of the city want to build the city with the slogan " The city green - clean - beautiful " .
So they have aware to keep the city reach that .
So everyone bring the trash to the place permission .
Every year have " earth hour " .
In this hour , many people turn off the light in their house to save energy and protect environment .
I am very proud about the awareness from my city people .
I wish have a lot of people around the world see the important of environment .
And they have act to protect it .
I was in a museum of New York looking at all the beautiful paintings and sculptures , when I hear the alarm of the museum everyone was afraid including me .
The police was chasing the bandit that stole a painting , but he escaped instantly .
The police let all the people go .
I went to my apartment and turn on my TV and I watch in the news that the bandit escaped with 3 paintings .
I decided to solve the case .
I went to the museum and follow all the tracks that I found were a broken sculpture .
I search for any clue and I found something , it was a piece of paper with an address on it .
I follow the address and when I get there it appears to be an abandon house .
I decided to wait , and hide on the bushes if I see someone entering .
In the night I see a shadow entering the house .
I carefully approached the window of the house and I see two men with the paintings .
They left the house on a truck .
I follow them in a taxi .
We were on the terminal of New York it was a very famous landmark .
There were a lot of commuters on the terminal so I lost the two men .
I located the instantly because I recognize their hats .
I was focal to them .
They threaten all the people cruelly so all the sightseers were angry with them .
However the modernization of the terminal was unknown to me so I was completely lost .
We entered on a train , the ceiling was comfortable but everyone was objecting of the two men .
When we arrived we were on the other side of the city of New York the features were so common because it was a good economic and conveniently because would attract more tourists .
I finally trap them their names were Lucius Fowley and Bob Parker I tell the police and the police put them on jail .
And the paintings were on the museum again .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do somethig immediately .
Today is a very important day for the sake of his future .
The watch shown the time is 9.30am and 2 hours left before he go to the place that made his heartbeat so fast .
He have an interview for getting the scholarship so that he can pursue his dream to study medical in Ireland .
He went to the station bus to ride on bus .
He took a few minutes for walking to the station bus from his house .
After the bus arrived he ride on and half an hour he arrived to the destination .
When he took a few steps from the bus he saw a very tall building that the interview places located .
After waiting an hour the time comes and bravely with high confident level he walke to the office .
Suddenly his water floaded and tears drop from his eyes .
The interviewer who is sitting infront of him was a person with blue eyes that he really loves .
The situation suddenly changed .
Peter without doubt hugged the intertiewer who is a man about 4o years old .
The man who is crying together with him was his father that have leave peter and his mom because they had divorce 6 years ago .
Then the interview became a meeting between father and a son that really touched .
Killed two birds with a stone is a perfect idiom to describe Peter 's situation because he got his beloved father back and still can pursue his dream to studies in ireland.q
hello ,
i want the job for the summer camp i 'm looking for children between 8 - 12 years old i will help to organise sports and evening activities and if you want i could work in the kitchen
if i have the job write soon
victoria
Hello ! I am begin to study technical English .
I need this course for my new job .
I want to this course , it helps me to enlarge my vocabulary .
And I need your help with this .
Would you like to improve this course with me ?
Please , writes me a list with the words when I need for technical konversation .
Thank you very much .
Dear Teacher Mary
I am writing to give my opinion of the restaurant " The Crazy Cat " this is a very good restaurant .
first the restaurant have wide variety in his food .
The chef can make the menu of the day to the dinner or you can choose a special menu .
The purpose of the chef is soup and creamed corn to start , beef medallion covered bittersweet of carrot sauce with nuts and the dessert chocolate cake with cheese .
the atmosphere is also very good has music in live with different bands .
you can choose two bands of rock or pop and one dj .
the cost is accessible .
The pack have a cost of $ 350 a person .
Can a TV programme get to entertain and educate at the same time ?
Nowadays , it is the most important challenge for television .
People complaint about how the information about different TV shows do n't contribute in the process of learning , that 's why many of This programmes are considered trash , because of the multiples shows such as realities , talk shows , or showbiz that hardly ever have a good message or something interesting for people .
A good example of this shows are how people are paid to act in realities or talk show where they show exaggerated or hilarious familiar problems , where the only aim is to get more audience .
Another good example are the endless showbiz that are appeared recently , this type of programs where the information is often gossip about personal life of famous singers and actors without taking into count if they are true or not .
It 's a pity to know that exist just a few programs that try to educate people with the most update information through documentaries , investigations , cultural or opinion programs , which in my opinion help to acquire more knowledge .
Knowledge that sometimes are unknown even though it is part of the general culture or proper of the history of our country .
I think in the future do n't exist public transport because we will drive their car .
When you drive your own transport , a car for example , you going to from a specificlly place but in a bus you go to the bus stop and no to your house or school , work ...
It is better from the people be more comfortable because you drive and not the other person . I know some people , the drivers , began haven't got work , but the public transport is free and is free because it is the government pay , this money bacame do to make more work for others .
No all is good some people haven't got money ca n't go to another place to another place and the pollution became more and more , it is a serious problem and the solution is only for the rich people , the solution is buy an electric car , the other solution , more economic , is the government give the money to the population to buy an electric car .
I do n't know what is better no public transport or public transport .
There is no future for public transport since everybody prefer to use their own car .
now time is valuable for every body nobody bothered about money .
traffic is very high in now days so it will be difficult to reach office on time .
public transport is always crowded so it is not comfort to travel
Find your joy in scary movie
I would ignore thriller films due to my fragile heart , but my mind is changed now after watching this film .
The film is entitled " Scary Movie " which is directed by Keenen Ivory Wayans .
This story was shown a murder who completed the mission : killed everyone that he hated .
At last , only one person could be alive even those sacrificed had tried to escape this horrible result .
This is a combined story of horror and comedy .
I can not find a word to describe this film easily , what can I say is you will be regret if you miss this film .
This first reason is all actors shown their talent in this film directly and audience can follow their steps and the story certainly , this essential element which also makes a big success to the film .
Besides , the attractive story line makes a lot of climax so that everyone can finish this film from the beginning to the end and creates the billion box office to this film .
However , I think the tools should be improved , such as killer 's knife and actors'costumes , the knife looks like as brittle as a handicraft , I believe those are seconded - handed clothing . I think this is a pity to this movie .
At last , your bravery can be improved after watching this film .
What are you waiting for ? Go and check it out !
Hi everyone , my name is Jaime and I have my wife and a little child .
My wife 's name is Maritza , she is 30 years old , she is a beautiful and joyful woman , my son 's name is Rafi , he is 3 years old , he is very handsome and fun child .
My wife likes to go outside when she is free , she likes to visit touristic places .
My son likes playing sports , he is very little but he plays football , she is a very active child .
I 'm studiying medicine , this major is too challenging although stressful , because the self - study is every day and there are a lot of information .
This major involves all , always we have to consider the all possibilities to resolve homework , you have to know the most possible information for can resolve it .
When you got the answer or solution you can see that all effort worthwhile .
Our teachers are doctors and they are in charge of teach us about work - team , so it 's common that one / two people do all work ... with this I want to say : is rewarding when our teacher ask something and you know the answer because you could study all topic .
I have experience to go to the hospital and was too interesting .
I deal with medicine students who are superior to me , for example , doctors and surgeon .
I only could oversee what they do to obtain visual experience and know how was a surgery .
How learning English
It 's proven that to learn a foreign lengueage you have to go abroad .
You can study hard for years , but if you arent't obligated to use English for things of everyday , you wo n't became good at it .
There are n't other options .
Of course , also studyng in a foreign country has disadvantages .
First , it costs a lot .
Even there are lots of different possibilities and scholarship , not everydoby can allows they .
Living abroad , even though for a short time , it could be very stressful and people can feel homesick .
Despite that , there are more reasons to go studyng away .
It is a very useful experience in many ways .
You will learn better and faster than studying at home .
In addition , visit new countries and meet new cultures , helps to open your mind and to foster a lot .
I did several school trips in the past years and I 'm going to do it again sure .
Hi Patty ,
My name is Lucia Pérez .
I am 14 eayrs old .
I live with my brother and my parents in a house in Punta Carretas .
I like going to the cinema to watch movies .
I like travelling with my family and friends , I like travelling because I can meet new people , places and cultures .
I do n't have a favourite subject , but l like English because we can comunicated all over the world .
I love my cousin 's house so I always visit him .
He is 16 .
He is in 5º. He is going to Clara Jackson High school .
He lives in prado so I have to take tow buses and that is very tiring .
The name of my Best Friends are Agustina , Emilia and Micaela , we are strange friends , we anre in 6º together and in that moment we bacame friends .
My name is Facundo Mendoza .
I 'm fifteen years old .
I live in La paz , in a house with my mother and my father .
I have two pets , a dog and a bird .
I like watching television , playing computer games and swimming .
My favourite types of film are science fiction , animation and historical .
My favourite film is Avatar because the effects are amazing and the sound is very good .
My favourite types of games are adventure , war , historical and horror .
I play online with any people from the world .
I went to a club for two years and I swam there for two years .
Sometimes I go to the beach and I swim in the sea .
I prefer playing football to basketball .
I play basketball in the school .
I was born in 1996 on the 31 of January .
carbohydrates are essential for a healthy diet .
It provides energy for our bodies .
Nutritionists recommend the quarter of a person 's diet should contain carbohydrates .
When your body takes an insufficient amount of carbohydrates , the protein replaces the lack of carbohydrates to supply the body with energy .
And this will cause diseases on the long run .
Dear reader ,
My name is Andreas Miret and I am 18 years .
I am from Sweden but I have been living in Barcelona since I was young .
Nowadays , I am studying a degree in economics at the University of Barcelona .
I am applaying for the job vacant in the summer camp .
I have some experience working with children aged between 5 and 17 years .
Last year I was working every friday and sunday at a ski camp in la masella .
Also this summer i went to the United States and I was working in a summer camp .
Now our company is going to do multidimensional operation , not just focus on furniture but also for home appliance .
In addition , we will adjust company 's management direction in each department depend on market 's reaction and environment
Like retailer ,
We have sold our products to KA system for few years , however , the products that we sold were usually popular consumer goods , it means cheat and have no enter obstacles for other supplier .
In addition , it is hard to collect money from KA system .
And because we have our own factories and professional machines , we can easily to avoid the price competition .
To make high obstacle furniture , like R - angle wooden cabinet , high gloss cube .
We will search the market demand based on our core products , also produce high quality products .
For the factories , because Chinese demographic dividend are not like before anymore , the low price and undiversified products should become verity and premium goods .
Focus on user experience , inventive , unique and our core products
Therefore , we are reforming and doing high - tech items , likes LED , photoelectric , vacuum , steam mop , etc .
Use this core technology to develop blow machine , air cleaner , iron , etc .
Besides , factories are keeping going on our professional items and service like , high glossy , auto painting and 4-side edge sealing , honeycomb board , etc .
Also for our wire rack , plastic
products .
And still working hard to build our own brand .
Nowadays , people have a lot of afraid about contaminations of Planet .
All governments increasing their politic laws about this topic and also they promoted new rules in the daily life of the population .
One of the new rules about the reduction of contamination in the cities is the transport public .
According to the general world laws about the global world warm , each country has considered its owns arguments about it .
I can give us an example how big cities around the world can reduce more contamination .
London is a good example and Barcelona too .
These cities do n't allow to drive in the centre city , the industry reduces its taxes if it 's increasing the politic nature .
My city is a good example , too .
The town major has offered to population free bus .
It 's a good idea to remove the traffic jam .
I think , in conclusion , all people should have a good behaviour and an open mind and they and myself also to catch more often the public transport .
My country is the best country in the world .
I love it so much .
We have different cultures here , and two main languages , Arabic and Amazigh .
Morocco is a kingdoom , like Spain and England , We have king and princes .
My day in London !
I went to London in the summer .
I liked London , because there are a lot of great things .
On Monday me and my friend Chrissy went to the Big Ben .
we wnet to the Trocadero .
But the best was the Guarda from Bukingham Palace .
chrissy made a funny face but the Guards did n't say anything .
We had very , very good weather .
It was fantastic .
The temperatures was over 20 degrees .
We travelled to London by plane , but to come back we travelled by car abd boat .
After we came back I told my family everything .
Environmental changes really need in the current situation .
People contribuation is very important in this matter .
The report explains how my town people taking care of my surroundings and to preserve this planet in a betterway .
Firstly , hyrid cars only allowed to use during weekends as result of this most people not using there cars all the week .
This attitude reduced enromous amount of smoke pollution from the pipes .
Government policy changes help a lot for water preservation .
Many factories follwing the regulations and not draining the harmful wastage in the water .
Secondly , Closed trash bins provided to the people in order to collect the waste and recycling .
People come forward and utilising this bin effectively instead of throwing away .
As a result of this town looks clean compare to previous decades .
In addtion to that recyclable waste , sell and the money will be given to respective person .
This gives motivation to the public and they can earn by using right way to dispose their waste .
Thirdly , Public toilets has been opened for the public to elminate attitude of urinating in the public places .
Town council not only encourage people to planting or garndening , it subsidise money for their green improvements .
Example , free fertilizers , water pump failitiesand pesticides .
Is summary , people taken many intiative steps and moving forward to have safe and attracticve eniroment surrondings .
My favorite sport is football .
This is a internacional sport because in all parts of world there are persons that they play .
football is a fameous sport you can whatch it on tv or yo can see it on direct.there ara a lot of level categories , the most fameous categorie is the first .
people that they play in this categorie are fameous althoug you can see them on tv.if you want to be a big football player you must to practise more time and yoor life should to be healthy .
you must to care your food and yours habits for you have a healthy body .
this sport is the best of the world and the most fameous annd i think that this is the most enjoyed .
Soccer is the best sport for me because you can get fit , meet other people and participate on competitions .
If you want to start practicing this sport , you should be prepared to work hard .
This is a story from a country where there were no cats .
One day , an elderly foreign lady visited the country with no cats .
She gave the King an adorable kitten which she had brought with her .
Goodbye letter
Dear Ms Cumings ,
How are you ? I am fine ,
I am very sad to hear you say that you are going to leave our school soon , I do n't really want you to leave this school !
Because you are the best teacher in the whole world!many of our class classmate really like you too!We know that you are going to teach Discovery - bay primary school .My English result is better once you taught me I really love you , Ms Cumings!your friend Ms Decock told me that she is going to Australia , and I love you two both I hope you that you will come back some times !
Love , Qiana Kam 2014.1.9
The graph given shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream from two places at an Englishl seaside resort from 2012 to 2014 , they are separately an ice - cream van and an indoor public swinmming pool .
As the graph indicates , the sales at ice - cream van was generally larger than that at indoor swimming poor .
For the ice - cream van , it saled most in Jul - Sep each year , nearly reached 5000 dollars and it was still slightly increasing year by year .
In every year , from January to July , the sales slightly increased and reached the peak at the third season , then it gradually slide back to the year 's bottom .
Each year was nearly the same .
For indoor swimming poor , its sales did n't have large changes , usually saled about 2000 - 3000 dollars for each season .
It usually saled most in Apr - Jun and Oct - Dec and slided to the bottom in Jul - Sep .
In general , its sales were falling with the time went by .
There was a nice spring morning .
Both of them were young , beautiful and naive .
She put her cup of coffee on the windowsill , hooked up the brist on her beautiful little breast , put right her colourful light - minded skirt , took her orange scarf and red little handbag and went to the door .
He stood up near the open window , smoked and looked at her without any words .
When she said good - bye , he just nodded .
When she looked at him from under her long eyelashes he turned away and stared at the landscape outside .
When she made step out , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Nowadays we constantly use means of transport to go everywhere so that our lifestyle .
Society depends on them .
We are used to travel by car , in fact each family has one .
Despite , travelling by public transport can be a better option in so many cases .
Certainly cities will be crowded in the future because population is always increasing .
Using your own car to go to the citycentre could be a nightmare , it would be a stressful waste of time .
Ubearable traffic jams and no parking areas would be the main problems .
Besides , the price of petrol is increasing too , and it likely will be as expensive that most people not be able to afford a car .
In contrast , there will be cheaper alternatives as bus , train or even plane for long distances .
In other hand , many drivers enjoy travelling by his vehicle because they like to drive and they feel free .
Finally goberments and society are concerned about the environment and I consider that they will decrease levels of pollution and co2 emitions .
From my point of view public transport will not disappear even if cars are much more comfortable , faster and more evolved than now .
Time is precious .
Every one ca n't deny that time is a big factor in our life .
The life divided to terms of time , we live through time , we grow with time
till Now , we talk in time and finally , we perish after time .
World change by time .
Time never stops and does n't wait anyone .
We must value time . I hope my country to be as a developed countries in using the best use of time .
once moment lost is lost for ever .
it can never be regained even the strongest monarchs have been helpless to prevent time .
So should be careful about the importance of time .I hope to not waste it and use it as the best use for giving opportunity for rising .Those who waste it , will be behind and they will fail to make a mark in their life .
The great men and successful guys became fame and rose by a suitable use for time .They guide and source of inspiration for a new generation .
So , we can say that time is a double - edged sword , either help you or agonist you and in the popular say is right that say " do n't delay the work of this day to the next day " because our works will accumulate then it become more hard to finish it .To ensure best use of time in our life , we need to be punctual.punctuality avoid tension and trouble things , finally even scientists have another vision about time , they discover that time is the fourst dimension by relative theory which exchange all concepts in science .
I ca n't say expect that time more important in our life and we need to save it .
My town is very small .
His name is Santa Marta and he is near Trujillo .
In my town , we can see a big swimming pool , five parks , four bares and one state school .
in my town there are a lot of old people , and there are nor much children , because they love in other cities .
I love my town , because when I was a small girl , I went there , and I was with my grandparents , my cousins and my friends .
my best friend live in madrid , but We always were together in her house or in my house 's grandparents .
I have been very happy , and today I am happy there .
Dear Amanda :
How are you ? I am fine .
I miss you so much . how are your baby ?
I could go to madrid .
You and me can see us .
Next month , I going to go to our town .
You be able to go ?
Will is fantastic !
I hope to see you quick .
Our friends always ask me for you and your family .
oh ! my brother , David , going to marry ! Sorprise !
I wish that you be able to go to the wedding .
my boyfriend and me have a present for your small baby , Nick .
I love so much , my dear friend .
The diagrams below show how bank notes are made through four steps and how bad shees and notes are disposed .
To begin with , the format of the bank notes needs to be designed , factors of considerations including the background colour , the artwork and the security issues .
Sencondly , equipments like skilled machinists as mental plates should be prepareed for the next steps .
Thirdly , print the sheets of bank notes(50 banks notes per sheet)with special ink , where colour is condidered on both sides and images will slightly raised on the bank notes .
Most importantly , manually inspected on each printed sheet in case that there would exist damaged sheets .
Once damaged sheets are discovered , partically separate them into good and bad ones and them burn the bad notes , making sure that the remaining sheets are of good quality .
Good sheets are cut into separate bank notes , then packed and dispatched to other place , comparing with which , the bad ones have to be destroyed securely .
the movie which I have chosen to write about is microphone .
it is An egyption movie acted by khaled aboelnaga and young actors . the actions of this film took place in Alexandrie city of Egypt and it talks about some young people who need a good chance to deliver their voices to people as they did n't have much money to produce their own albums ,
that sort of bands is famous between the youth and they call it " under ground bands " .their songs give a big concenet to the political and social stituation in Egypt and they become famous after the25 january revoulation , why I choose this movie as it reflects what happens in our society , there is no chance for the youth and if they found it , they face lot of problems to save it and they did n't find time for other activties and in sometimes they worked in thing which they never learn or love
I live in a small city , then there are few things that my town made for the environment : like the recycling , therefore we must know of what is made the material that we throw , and put them in the right dumpster .
This is a little act for us , but if we all contribute will be a big help for the environment .
We also can use appliance that not consume so much , if we can adopt sustainable electric systems or buy organic products .
In the big cities they have began to build green buildings , they use the electricial public transport not to pollute .
In my opinion there may be many rules , but if we do n't respect it , we will not help our habitat .
The most exciting day on my life was May 9th , last year , when I attend the secondary school .
I stayed on France with my friends and my teachers .
I woke up very early .
I catch the bus and I waved my mum .
Then I talked with my friends about our holiday .
After six hours we had lunch on a fast food to France .
Next we visited a famous aquarium where I looked a lot of fish .
It was interesting !
On the evening we had dinner on a particular restaurant and my friends and I did many photo with a famous sight .
I was admiring the sea while my friends looked around the shop .
The days after we were in a parfurms and I bought a present for my mum .
My teacher wanted to our speak to French .
In the end my friends and I jumped into the sea .
It was crazy .
I will never forget this experience !
The cat LOZAH
At a nice day , my old brother surprise me .
He bought a cat .
It is a first time for me to play with a cat .
It is a nice experience .
I called it LOZAH because its color like an almond .
The almond is called in Arabic LOZ .
LOZAH is four months old .
It is female cat .
LOZAH plays with balls and ropes .
It likes my laptop and it play with the Cursor .
That is funny but makes me nervous .
The LOZA cat is Shirazi type .
It sleeps eighteen hours per a day .
The nice sleeping of it is when it watching anime .
It plays with children very well .
when the children went out it became sad .
I love its soft hair .
It runs behind the ants and flies .
It eats chicken , tuna , milk and cheese .
It hates the water .
When we need to punish it we spreed some drops of water at its face .
I hope it to be a good cat and a good experience for me .
Dear Bob ,
my firs job was baby sitter .
I have to look forward at two little boys : seven and nine years old .
I was seventeen years old , when I decided to accept this work .
The parents of these boys were friends of my parents .
I have been the baby sitter of these children for all that summer and I enjoyed so much with them .
They lived in a big house with a lovely swimming pool where we can swim and play .
At the end of the summer , I have kept on seeing these boys to help them during the school year .
This experience helped me a lot because I become much more responsible not only with these boys but also with my brothers and sister ( I had two brothers and one sister)and I have learned the meaning to work and receive money .
I did n't have problems because the children were quiet and respectful , and also because I known them since they were newborn .
I hope to have satisfied to all your questions .
Have a good work
cla '
I grew up in a parent family .
Sometimes I felt that I was alone and not loved .
However , we were lucky enough to have a great mother who tried all her best to keep my older brother , my older sister and I for completing our college studies .Of course my uncle , young brother of my mother gave a big hand to go through the hard , so that made us often help each other in my family when the member who was in hard .
Especially I was the youngest member in the family , made much more troubles when I was young .
I had truancy and did not pay attention to studies .
That really the biggest harm to a hard - working woman whom my mother tried all her best to feed me up and help me complete my studies .
All the members of my family never give me up , and I finished my college studies , too .I have a good job now .
I do really thank my mother and all the members for paying the patient and exertion to me .Now we have great relationship with each other and treasure the happiness we get not so easy .
So , are the members of my family my best friends?I'll answer you : there 's not much better answer than Yes !
How my town takes care of the environment
First of all let me to introduce my town I live in Kabul city the capital of Afghanistan .
This town is located in the central zone of the Afghanistan with 4462(km² ) space , and has more than seven Million populations , the economic and security situation is not suitable and these factors have directly effect in to the carefulness of environment .
The most important factor in the environment improvement is the lock of the required knowledge between the local people .
Based on the Necessity people and government in this town together effectually takes care to the environment .
Municipality of the mentioned town is collect the garbage Form Street and roads and shipped to the
specific area .
Fortunately Kabul structured by Mountains and have mountainous climate , approximately this town have 15 ( mm ) Raining per year the remarkable Agricultural area and forestry all around the town have a positive effect for the Kabul city environment and producing Fresh air for the citizens of the mentioned town
There is no future for public transport .
I agree with this point .
Public transport are busy now a days .
More people are using it and it getting rush .
It creating lot of troubles by standing on the edge of the buses and metros .
Doing sports is my hobby because I find it interesting and it makes me healthy .
Actually there are a lot of kinds of sports that I like , but the most interesting sports for me is football .
Usually , I play football with my friends in stadium .
I suggest you to do sports because it makes us healthy .
Dear mr / ms of summer camp .
I am interested in work with you .
This is an opportunity excellent for me because I want to work like English teacher .
I studied in an English school and learning English since I was a child , my teachers were all natives and I practised my English with them always .
After I studied to be English teacher in the university of Extremadura .
I am English teacher now .
I like the children and working with them .
They are very good pupils .
They learn and understand very good English .
I have worked in the holiday English school this year and I have learned a lot of with this experience .
I have organized activities like : sports , visit to city , festivals , etc .
I love be with them , they help me to do my work , they teach me to be better person , I have more patient now and I know now to be happy .
I live alone , so I cook always my food .
The cooking is one of my hobbies . I like to eat very good and I practise several kinds of foods .
I think that I am the person for your job because I have all that you are looking for .
I hope yours news .
Sincerely
Selena López
My favorite sport
There are so many sports in the world , like basketball , baseball , running , yoga , swimming , and so on .
Anyone has their favorite sports .
Someone likes go hiking , others likes dancing , still others like playing
volleyball .
And , either do I. I also like sports .
One of them which I like most is badminton .
Why my favorite sports is badminton ?
There are some reasons .
First of all , exercising can make you
become more healthy .
Second , playing badminton can active all body , like hands , arms , feet .
Third , when I
play it with someone , whatever just for fun or for the game , my body will feel so hot in thirty minutes .
Then , it can play indoor , also , it can play under the sun .
Finally , I am good at playing badminton .
Playing badminton can do lots of great things for you , expect good for health , it also can make a lot
of fun and play with family or friend happily .
If someone answer me what the best sport is , I will say :
Badminton is .
My favourite sport is badminton because I used to practise it when I was a child and I loved it .
It seems to me a complete sport because you can practise it in pairs or in an individual way .
To be good at badminton you need to prepare yourself in a physical way but also the psychological part is very important .
You have to be able to play for a long time , analyze your opponent 's mistakes to win and to have measure about your energy for no to be exhausted before the match is over .
For someone who is starting this sport I would give just one advise : enjoy .
Because if you are trying to win you will lose the most important thing , to discover how wonderful to play a sport could be .
now days young people are influence towards the western culture so , they are getting more fashionable.youngster are interested to wear different stylish and colored clothes.they are happy with wearing different color clothes.they did n't want to wear our cultural dress such as sari , dhoti , choli and many more.they only like to wear shirt , pant skirt , t shirt and many more.youngster are influence by watching different programmes on television .
Sport is important part of my life .
Two years ago when I was still in school .
Many classmates went to different sections of the sport .
But I could n't go with them at the time , I was sick a lot .
One day my friend invited me to karate .
He gave me 3 days to think about it .
I decided and went .
It was strange because I never went to the sports .
From the time I started going to karate .
After one month my instructor told me that I will go to the competition .
I was very worrying and nervous .
The day of the competition and I came with others to show how I 'd practiced .
Then instructor said my name and I went out on the Tatami.when I left I had a special feeling many people look and clapping .
It took 3 minutes I won with three accounts too .
I was very happy because it was my first competition .
After the end of the competition , we were all awarded medals and certificates .
Then as always sounded Kazakhstan hymn .
This time I felt like a Champion it was really especially feeling .
When I went to karate I 'm not even sick .
Sport has given me a boost of vitality , energy , optimism and strengthen the immune system .
My most exciting day was the June 8th 2014 , an international competition in Belgium .
The day before there were the qualifications , that I passed .
The day of the finals I was so nervous , but determined .
There were athletes who are European champions and I picked up all my courage and I did my exercises very well , except for a fall from the beam .
After the competition I was relaxed and happy , because I have done my job .
Eventually I placed 7th both beam and floor , and after we took the photos I go back to the changing room .
When I left , some girls were out of the dressing room with a sheet and a pen in the hands and they asked me an autograph .
I was really surprised and happy , I would never have thought !
The little girls thanked me , then I go to eat with my team and the day after we went back to Italy .
An easy recipe are cookies .
You need butter , flour , sugar , eggs , vanilla and chocolate .
Mix butter , eggs and vanilla .
The mixture must be smooth and compact . Pour the chocolate and cut the cookies with a round shape .
Baker them for 15 minutes
Dear Mrs. Morgan
I am writing with regard to find accounting services for my company .
I know that you have experience to search the best employees and you have quality .
I need the services for a year so Can you provide those services ?
I need that my employees are punctual and that they have responsibility in their job because we are talking about the money of the company .
Thank for your help and I hope you will find the best company for me .
Yours sincerely
Alejandrina
The world is changing around .
Technologies are moving on in high speed .
As the technologies world is moving fast and the auto mobile industry is also coming with new variant of cars & scooters in very economical way .
Buying cars and scooters are more convenient than the last decade .
In few decade people earnings and living style have also changed .
People now buying cars and scooters as per their convenience and pocket .
Earlier people used to buses , taxes , autos for reaching offices , schools , colleges , shopping etc .
Which was time consuming and obliviously cheaper way of commuting from one place to other .
Since today worlds is time saving world hence people do n't care about their pocket .
Using personal veihicles is more convenient to them than using public transport .
So the public transports importance is reducing every day .
If it so their will a time when single people will not interested for public transport .
This has tremendous impact on other aspect .
Fuel consumption has increased in few years .
Net of cars and bikes is reason for heavy traffic jam every side .
Ratio of road accidents has been increased in few decades .
People not even care about safety parameters while driving on road .
I must say that Public transport is life line in today worlds .
PUBLIC TRANSPORT
Public transport is a very useful resource , you can travel without polluting the atmosphere and it is very cheap .
But , why it will disappear ?
Nowadays , we usually travel very often to many different places , so for us is more comfortable our cars , but for the atmosphere and for our wallets , it is n't .
Using public transport we will avoid traffic and so many accidents , so why we do n't use it more ?
It will be a great advance for people and for the atmosphere , and as well for the countries because we will save a lot of money
I recommend you to use public transport .
I think that family 's members could n't be friends because the relation is very different .
There are many good reasons to say that .
Firstly , family is the base of the relationships .
Secondly , although the friendship and love are the most important feelings , the family structures the person and influences their behavior .
I feel my family in a different way from my friends .
Although I have a good relationship with my parents , I could n't think them like friends .
Some people think that this is possible but I disagree because it confuses roles in the family .
The parents have to give education to the children over obviously love
In conclusion I think that two relationship are different .
Perhaps I think that this statement is false because I think that statement should say that the the public transport is going to have in the future because travelling by car is not so much more convenient .
I think that travelling by car is good because you have your own sit and in the winter your car is hot and you also can listen to the radio .
In the public transport you do n't have your own sit so sometimes you travel standing which is not very comfortable and in winter you do n't have air conditioning so if it 's cold in the outside it 's cold inside the transport to , sometimes you have to travel with sick people that can transmit you the illness .
Otherwise the public transport do n't pollute but the car pollute so for us travelling by car is better than travellng by public transport but for the atmosphere is better travelling by public transport than travelling by car
My bedroom is light and modern .
The walls are green and blue , on the green wall there are some of my photos , and on the wall there are some photos of my brother .
There is a bedside table in the middle of two beds , on this there are the alarm clock and the book that we read
There are two wardrobe , one for me and one for my brother .
There is a stereo system on the bench and scareted around the room there are a lot of puppets
There is a clothes hanger near the window and the curtains are yellow , green , blue , violet and white .
Near my bedroom , there is a little room , in this room there are my red desk , a white bookshelf and one globe .
Hello , my name is habiba jahid I am fifteen years old I live in Egypt .
I like English very much I like learning new languages and things .
I am not a native speaker of English but I wish that I will be one day .
what makes me like learning new languages is how it makes me communicate with others easily , I also like traveling so much as it makes me see new places and learn more about other countries around the world and their cultures and traditions however , I do n't travel outside my country because I am a student and I do n't have my own money which I can spend it on what I like .
my dreams when I grow up that I travel alot around the world , marry a romantic funny person , have a good life and be a good mother like my mother .
Years ago I was very worried how will happening in the future .
About the contamination , technology , obesity and other things around the world .
Nobody cared how we lived .
But , in this moment the people think different , is to start to help the world and
Contamination is big problem for us and the planet .
In the past the people bought thing , and they did n't care how is dangerous for the planet .
Now , the people is more conscious and they know how dangerous is for the planet .
Also , TV , radio , internet , big companies has adverisement for helping the planet .
Moreover , schools since kindergarten is educating for clean the planet , simply like separate the garbage .
Obesity and other thins about help , is a topic very important because the people is dying for this problem .
For example , the form to prepare the food , is gon na be dangerous because a lot food have artificial thing that is no good for us .
To turn to , alredy people cook the food in form organic o with products more naturally without chemical .
But this kind of food is expensive and the people can not buy .
Technology has good thing and bad things .
The technology is advancing very fast , in the best way this is good for us because we wiill do a lot of thing .
Maybe , in 2060 we will be able to go to the moon very easy , like go to Europe .
Also , the cars will fly , and maybe is better for the city .
In conclusion I think that we on track for the next years .
Compared with the past the people is more conscious and is worries for the world .
As a result for that we going to have a better life , more healty and clean for the next years .
I hope to continue in this way because is our future , is our life and we have to care it for have good and happy life in the next years .
No one can deny the importance of the public transport , but actually this importance is turn to private sector transport .
And this importance of private transport because private transportation provide a comfortable mean to move from one place to another , also it is help to keep a time and reduce costs which spending in public transportation .
firstly , that private transport provide a comfortable mean to travelling from one place to another without sharing stranger people a way and by using this kind of transport also comfortable in free with choosing time of a trip .
Secondly , it is a good way of travelling or moving from one place to another without wasting a time in waiting a specific time to move or even waste a time in waiting a public transportation to reach all point it should get it , but in the other side when you have your own transport or a private transport is get a right to choose time of trip or when you want to move or stay , and nowadays we can not waste our time in taking public transport .
finally , a public transport need more costs , because public transport ( such a buses , train ) fees every year is increasing , and this problem we do not face it by private transport ,
The main goal of the thesis is to discuss the three different children 's editions of the dream of the red chamber : Tian Wei edition , Jia Wen edition and Feng Che edition as the object of research .
To begin with , Li Ren edition of the dream of the red chamber have 120 units .
In comparison with Li Ren edition , the three children 's editions have something dissimilarity in plot , title , topic , character , language and so on .
We will discuss how to present the feature in differ aspects such as education , entertainment , literature and children .
Besides , an adaptation is connected with Li Ren edition .
It can help readers to feel the culture and traits in Qing Dynasty .
This graph shows people from India Pakistan and West Indies entered the UK , from 1940 to 1970 .
People from India and pakistan , came the UK significantly increased around 10 times in 1970 , compared to 1940 .
Now I will talk about the Daruma , a Japanese restaurant that was for me a very good experience .
First of all , the food was very delicious .
The Yakimeshi , the sushi and all the dished was like a taste of the real Japan .
Also you can see how they prepare your food in front of you .
The tables have a grill where the chef makes his magic .
All the place was surrounded by a nice and warm atmosphere .
That makes anybody feels a new level of pleasure , in the same process that everybody repeat everyday , eat .
It was a sunny day , a special day in my life.the day was 29 October in 2009,that day I had a university admission test at shajalaj university .
Before this day I was frustrated so it brings a happiness in my mind .
Very luckily , a beautiful girl sat on my bench .
With talking her for a few minutes , I become too happy .
In fact I fall in love with her at first sight .
So I was just thinking how to convince her .
there was no other option for me i just want her . during the exam time , i was thinking whole time how to communicate with her .
When the examination is over , again I started to talk with her , asking how was your exam .
She told me not good at all , but my was good and she also added that you may got the chance and finally I got it .
After three days later our result has been published and I got the chance but the girl did n't .
Then I become too much unhappy .
I expected if both of us get the chance then it will be very good .
But alas ! my dream did n't come true .
When I was returning from syleth I called the girl and talk to her and assure that I got chance in university but girl says that she knew it .
Hi Duncan ,
How are you ? I hope that you are well .
Please , give my congratulations to your cousin .
I have my cousin 's wedding the next month too , so I am very excited .
Well , the weddings in my country usually is celebrate in a church .
The fiancee wear a long white dress and the fiance wear a black suit .
It is all very religious .
A lot of people go to a wedding because it 's a very important moment for the couple , normally about one hundred person .
The food is always in a big restaurant where we eat the best food of the city , I recommend you to come a Spanish wedding .
I think that 's all , I hope that it will helpful .
Best wishes ,
MARIO
Hello i 'm Arnau and I am twelve years old , I live in Manresa ( Catalonia ) , I am very hardworking in the highschool and I 'm funny and very talkative and I 'm not freaky .
I very tall ( 1,71 m ) my face is normal , I have brown eyes , and black hair , my nose and mouth are normal .
I 'm really into Ps3 especially Fifa 15 , and fan of riding a bike but I do n't like computer games , they are very boring , but I like chatting on the internet with my friends , sometimes I like playing on my Ipad
In my free time I watch TV , I play PS3 , I ride a bike and I sometimes play football in the " camp municipal de la mion " , and my hobby is running in the afternoon with my father . I spend money on clothes and I sometimes spend money on PS3 games but I spend some money on my bike .
I really want to meet boys and girls from different countries of the world , I 'm really interested in practicing English and I want to learn Chinese and Russian , I 'm really interested in learning languages ,
I really love languages ! ! ! ! !
The most beautiful museum in Mexico
Now , It is holidays and we need or we want to meet the places around the country .
Well I explain in this article about one museum that is considerate : " The Best in Mexico " , but why ?
The answer is simply ; this museum has many types of momias .
In 1810 have been a war for indepedent of Mexico many people were fight with other people ; for example : Miguel Hidalgo is considerate : " The father of indepedent " and he was to fight with monarquia Spanish .
He gave the arms all the city .
Later he was killed and he rests in peace in this museum the same other famous people in this war .
The Museum is stay in Guanajuato , Guanajuato .
You should knew about the prize for coming to the museum is very cheap ( $ 15.00 ) for hour if you want to stay more time the prize increase in $ 10.00 .
The museum is the most interesting place in my country because describe our history about our country .
If you want to take photos the way free you can done .
Finally you enjoy the museum with all the family and you can invite some people from other city or other country .
Article written by Martina Alejandra Montero Pascoal .
Magazine : " OUR COUNTRY " .
Football as a favourite sport
My favourite sport is football . I love football because it involve two team .
Being a double team sport makes the game competitive and interesting .
I am an Arsernal fc fan .
Have been an arsernal fan since 1999 .
I love Arsene Wenger .
He is a good coach but he does n't like to buy experienced footballer .
Buying cheap football has wretched arsernal team several times because of lack of experience of the cheap player .
Football is an important sport that unite nations .
It bring unity among country .
People from diffenrent culture are playing in this same club .
World cup unites the world .
Football is indeed a union .
hello ..
mine was shuttle and am really enjoyed it when I was playing .
it is one of the exercise for the body who will want to become thin .
when am in the court other side participants are fear take off my service ball and am very at my position to cover the entire court .
coming to the infrastructure of the shuttle it is all about the cock and the bats .
the court contains 2 players or 4 players depends on the court .
each team contains 1 or 2 players .
and court contains one net in between those players .
they can shut the cock above from the net .
if that cock touches that net it counts as point to other team who can receive from the cock
At present , many people think that English is the world language and it is absolutely an essential skill to communicate with other countries people .
Due to this reason , Taiwanese parents do not want their kids to start behind others , thus , many kindergartens started to teach children English .
It 's december .
But in my city there is no snow ..
And it 's sooo bad .
On the streets there is a little warm .
About 9 degrees , I guess .
Yesterday it was very windy and 2 days ago it was filthy rain .
Yep , it 's our weather .
Nobt all Russia is always under snow .
Michael just felt nothing different as usual.he was on his way to school .
he went through the park where children playing around .
he saw some street performer by the street .
everything seems so fine , and nothing is wrong anyway .
Michael is a college student majoring in music .
he love music so much that he turn down other courses just concentrating in music .
he learns how to composition and plays some kind of ancient instrument .
professor say that Michael is gifted and talented .
Michael may become a great musician someday .
meanwhile Michael is also a guy of sensitive .
Michael saw a homeless guy on the street .
At first , he just pretend as nothing happened .
after all , he changed his mind , he turned to give the guy some money .
he thinks that he did the right thing then went back home .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Television is one of the most useful inventions of the modern world .
It is one such commodity which serves the dual purpose of both education and entertainment at one and the same time .
The tv shows broadcasted on television play a vital role in shaping the thoughts of the viewers .
I think , I can agree with the opinion , that shopping is not always enjoyable .
In my opinion it is dependent on that , what we buy and with who we go to the shopping .
To tell the true , shopping is so bored to men , particularly when they go to the store with women .
Shopping with women is nightmarish .
They always run in the shops and ca n't choose anything .
Then they are always crying and yelling like wild goats .
When I 'm listening this , I want to commit hara - kiri .
No future for public transport ?
why do use public transport some of us use it to save money for not buying gas or they ca n't buy a car or if they had problems in their cars or they do n't have the mood to drive .
Now a days with technology we have different ways to transport like hoverboards , skateboards and maybe it makes No future for public transport
Another point is we have our own cars and it 's more comfortable , I do n't have to wait in line to buy tickets .
I do n't have to be late for the delays , I can do anything in my own car I can put music I can drink , eat , speak or wherever .
I do n't have really an opinion I just do n't know.we will wait and find out .
Tell me your opinions about this subject in comments .
My Favourite Sport .
We are living in rush world .
All of us have to choose some activity .
In my opinion it 's have to be like brushing teeth .
We do it for hygiene !
My hygiene is running or more familiar word is Jogging .
Run Forest Run !
It is the most simple form of activity .
Jogging has existed since the beginning of the earth .
I can say that is the most natural move for human .
All that you need for become Runner its motivation and plan .
That what was happened with me personally .
Motivation for my been 15k run competition .
But I never before have work our Jogging .
So for finish competition with pleasure I needed work out plan witch is diary day by day about our jogging distance , time , mood during work out .
First of all it is absolutely minimum , you just need boots for run !
It is one main condition , rest of your dress are not important .
Shoes are for protect and prevent your health , you have got only one body look after them .
I enjoyed my favourite sport because I feel better after Jogging I think better and I meet lovely great people because of running .
My advice is : eat a lot of vegetables and fruit , drink plenty of water and run at least 3 times per week .
I will tell you a review of a thriller , the thriller is Hunger games it is about some capitals and people are choised and play on a game , you have to kill persons for they do n't kill you , is a movie that have suspense because you want to know ho survey , in the movie someone love someone and protect each others , is very cute but on the 3 movies they are bad moments with the family , capitals , Friends , etc .
But you will love the movie and you will want to see others one so go and watch that movie .
I would like to explain about the my favourite sport cricket .
Cricket is a sport that have two teams of eleven playeres each ..
I like very much cricket because , it gives immense pleasure while playing the cricket .
We can enjoy cricket with our friends by playing cricket and we can also have fun , entertainment .
Playing the cricket will also gives physical exercise to our body.we can bowl , batt , field in the cricket which requires lot of physical activities .
Playing the cricket will gives relaxation and reduces stress .
I can give the advice to the people who are interested in the playing cricket they must know the all rules in the cricket before playing it .
My bedroom
My bedroom is n't very big and is untidy .
There are two desks with two computers , two chairs and two bookshelves with my brother 's school books and mine .
There are three bunk bed next to wardrobes .
There is a big window with curtains .
Finally , there are some posters and some shelf with my games .
My favourite sport is tennis .
This sport is an invidual sport , then you win alone and do n't win a team , but if you play tournaments in double the one who wins is the team .
This sport is very famous all over the world , but in Italy is n't very famous , becouse in Italy the soccer is more famous than the tennis .
But i know that a lot of joung people play tennis , i hope that the italian tennis player in a few years will be very famous all over the world , then you do n't wait you sign up in a tennis club and you will become a famous tennis player !
If you start playing tennis you go to a famous tennis club , or you choose the best tennis mister , who will introduce the tennis and you will the shots , including the forehand , the backhand , the smash and the service .
So you will become one of the most famous player all over the world and you will win a lot of tennis tournament , including the four slam : the Australian Open , the Us open , the Roland Garros and the Wimbledon .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
In 2 hours Mary 's plane was leaving and he had to go to the airport to stop her from going to Scotland .
He had to tell her she was in danger .
He went to the garage , and rode on his motorbike .
It was a cloudy , rainy day and there was a lot of traffic .
Though the road was wet and slippy , he rode his motorbike fast and skilfully , getting his way through the other cars and trucks .
My favourite sport is soccer . I like to play soccer because it 's a great sport .
It is great when you are in a cup and goes very far in the tournament .
It is also really fun to be with everyone who 's is whit in the team .
When you playing a cup you playing really much football and you are also very much with your friends .
When you go far in a cup you got to play a lot of games .
If you are going to begin playing football you need footballs shoes you also need protections for the legs .
If you starting this sport you need to think it 's funny to play it .
If you do n't think it is a funny sport you would not go it .
The best thing about football is that it 's a fun sport to play .
You should not play the sport just because you 're friends doing that , do it because you like to play .
Dear Sir/ Madam ,
I saw your ad in a newsapper .
I 'm a young guy who finished his study in tourism and ecology this year .
I 'm also a member of a asocation of toursim and ecology since I was 10 years old .
I have traveled a lot and I have a lot of knowledge about travel .
As well I graduated a Climbing course and I practiced climbing since I was 12 years old .
I love to travel and I know that I was born for it .
I worked for few diffrent companies and asocations in past .
Usually I was a voluteer but I also was a part of few European Project where I was paid for my work .
As a person I 'm friendly and I like to do my job .
My best leisure time would be hang out with my freinds .
l like to go to the beach with my freind or alone offen .
I enjoy watching people and childern having fun .
l like the cool breeze from the oacen while i 'm walk along on the shore and listening to my favorite music .
Hi Alex I could n't wait until I see you
I really think taht we should go that new centre that you wrote about in your last email and do some of the activities .
I would prefer to do the sailing on the river , because as you know I never learn how to ride a bike .
But we could also try the climbing but it would be better if we could cimbing outside , in the countryside .
Perhaps on Saturday night we could watch a horror movie , as we both love , or comedy .
However if we not too tired at the time we could go out .
I will really like if my parents could take me to your house on Friday evening but I think that we have a party that night .
But I will try to convince they .
See you soon .
The future of public transport is one of the key issues large cities have to face .
Citizens want at the same time efficient and quick means of transportation , personalised solutions to meet their transportation needs , and the cheapest transportation cost .
Hi , Isabel .
How are you ? I hope you 're ok .
I have some to tell .
I have been living in New York city ! !
I used to live in Cancún but for my job I had changes mi city .
This place has some restaurants and sport bar 's when I can talk with latinos and I feel at home .
Emeil me soon and let me know how you are getting on next holidays .
See you soon . Kisses .
I think that public transport is much better for the enviromment than the private .
If the people travelled more often in public transport we would n't pollute so much .
I think that public transport is the future because many countries will have to allow the entrance in their towns to private cars for stop the CO2 emissions to the atmosphere in order to protect the planet and the health of their citizens .
So I do not agree with this afirmation , in mi opinion travelll by car is much more expensive and harmful to the environment than public transport .
After that kiss , Elizabeth was very surprised , but Jason was a little bit rigid .
Maybe he is sorry she thought , but why if she is perfect , she is everything that a man could want , so what happen .
-Are you ok ? - She says , a little bit afraid of his forthcoming word .
-Oh , amm- He gets a little bit of blush in his face- I … amm , I am sorry ! - He screams and his face gets totally red .
He seems different , she never imagined that Jason can be like that , she fantasy with someone , brave and strong , and she never foresees something like this , but she feel something for him , maybe she is in love with this guy .
-I'm sorry - he repeats again but more serious and with his normal face - Is cause , well is my first kiss ok ! , I can fight with Bloutums , Dragons , Two - Headed snake and everything that you can imagine .
But this thinks of l … lo … love , can put me very nervous- the blush comes again .
- jajaja- she smiles - it 's ok , do n't worry , it is my first kiss too , and I like it- she smiles again , but this time , the smile seems false .
Elizabeth apparent to be a very sweet girl , but Jason is not convince , because when he kiss her , he does n't feel nothing , he does n't feel that gravity disappear , and when his face turn red , he just put a face of horror and surprise , like if she was very sorry about kissing him .
Almost at the same time they kissed
-Hey , do n't run Snow
- But it 's very late Margarita , OMGG ( Oh my green god ) it is very late I 'm goanna die .
They stop in a dressmaker market .
-Why do we are here ? - Margarita says .
- I 'm goanna give information to Lucresia .
- What kind of information ?
- Prince Jason is here
- Prince Jason ?
Who is him ?
- The prince of blue city , he is very handsome , and his family has military studies , thereby he is the second more perfect guy in the world .
-ja amm second ?
Yes , the first one is the " Duque of Venomania " .
-Who is him ?
- I tell you later .
When they enter in the dressmaker market , Lucresia was n't there .
But there were a lot of beautiful dresses , in high - tech closets with lights .
-This dresses are made of textile fiber almost everything here is synthetic and portable for everyone - explain Snow .
- Wow , everything is beautiful , its make me feel like I am suspended in a dream of fairytale .
- Do you want to use one ?
-Yes but for what ?
-For the dance in the green palace .
- But are you sure
-Yes , just wait in a fraction of second you are ready .
My favourite sport is running .
I run everyday .
When I was running , I feel relax on it .
That is the reason why I love running so much .
Moreover , when I was running , I can through a lot of thing about myself or how to solve some of the problem from daily .
Therefor , running can let me feel happy .
In the past , cars are only affordable for the upper level while for the middle class and lower there are not many choice for them beside walk and public transportation .
Since technology and standard of living are improved , many people left the traditional habit in using public transportation and choosing car for several reasons .
The first one is to preserve time .
As we know public transportation has not a direct way to fulfill our all destinations then it force us to stop in many stations first , moreover we should take the other one to reach our destination so it is already obvious why using a car is better .
Secondly , public transportation usually very crowded and make us not feel safe since there is an opportunity for us to be theft .
Then by car we can enjoy the scenery , share laugh , change our destination by sudden and many more .
For these reasons , it can not be doubted if people think a car is more comfortable to be used rather than public transportation .
Since cars are affordable nowadays , a family can have more than one that make the number of car growing rapidly but they do not think further about the negative side effects that a car has .
Firstly , it leading us to global warming since the concentration of pollution are higher in many countries , moreover actually it is not only leading but also make global warming faster and also can threat our health .
Then roads are more crowded right now and there are so many traffics so people wasted longer time in the road , then it makes one of the positive points of using a car is gone and the importance of public transportation is needed .
While in the statement is written that public transportation will be left by many people , in my opinion is the opposite that public transportation is our future .
It can be proved by now that the willingness of people to use public transportation is higher , beside it is not as costly as using a car , the quality of public transportation are improved so citizen have no worry using it .
Would you like me to help you ?
There is n't any animal on the farm .
That is hardly surprising , it is close since 2005 .
You 'll have to take the cow by the horns and get some work done !
In the future , people will go out of the Earth .Because of the damage , people on the ground ca n't survive .
When they want to find foods , there will be nothing .
Even of the grass ca n't alive on earth .
Thought , but most people do not be the member of the team of alive .
Cause of lots of damage , but they did n't Take responsibility .
I wonder for sixteen years .
And I do n't know if they were change their mind in after the next fifty years .
Firstly , I agree about learning different concepts because you can analyse different opinions .
It 's not necessary to say the same words .
But you need , understand the main idea .
In other words , some professor when teaches different topics they explain the concepts and it 's difficult to learn .
Sometimes it 's so difficult say the same words for the students . I recommend read different ideas .
Anyway , if you read different books you can understand better .
In conclusion , it 's very important to learn the concept than saying something stupid ....
So , if you need techniques for learning you need to analyse and create your own words , this way you will never forget this definition .
.All about me
Hi my name is Leon Johnson , I am 13 years and I live in Stocksund Sweden .
I was born at Danderyds hospital , 2003 5:th September .
I have one sister who are ten years old and one brother who are five years old .
I spend most of my spare time playing ice hockey and golf .
One of the best place I ever visited is Leksand in Dalarna .
( It is my country place ) I like it because it Is near the water and we have a big lawn where we play football , volleyball and have fun .
Three words that describe me is : Sporty , friendly and happy .
One of my favourite books are Diary of a Wimpy Kid .
I like almost all music , but right now I listen to Calvin Harris most of the time .
My favourite subjects at school is mathematics , geography , and of course English .
The location of the restaurant is fantastic , just in the centre of the city , and with plenty of space for parking .
Decoration is not too modern , but not too classic , it has a comfortable atmosphere .
The menú es very well constructed , and food is based on local products .
Prices are more than good if you consider the high quality of the dishes .
Dear Carlos Sotelo ,
I am writing this letter because we need to improve the facilities in the gym .
In the gym they are many people .
The days that we have to do sports if the weather is good we do it outside but if the weather is bad we have to do in the gym .
That day we are many people and classes at the same time and sometimes we ca n't have the class comfortably .
Apart from this problem we have another problem that it is important too .
This problem is that some aparatus are brouken and the paint is bad .
For me the solutions to that 's problems are esey .
In the first problem you have to organis the time table in order to have 1 class in each time4 .
And the solution for the second problem is that you have to do maintenaits ouans a year .
I hope your positive awnser to me .
yours sincerely , Maximiliano Khachaturyan .
Mrs Gate
I 'm so glad to hear from you and I also would like you to know that your idea to our new school project is really interesting .
I am exicited about the idea to be with and interview other students from different parts of the world .
On June 21st Is impossible for me because I have an appointment with Mr Set , my dentist .Can we set the meeting for the next week ?
Hope to hear from you soon
Anna
In the last year sales at Benton Electronics were in the first quarter of the year 500 and increased to 620 in the second quarter , in the third quarter sales maintained in 620 and in the last quarter of the year sales went down very quickly to 420 , as you can see sales were very unstables .
I just want to express about what I think painful , and I think coming back to your own home after many years of parting and seeing your closest person have departed is the most painful feelings ever .
Good evening , my name is Lydia , I am a new comer of IMAS .
I am a local from Taipei .
It 's my pleasure to be part of you here , my major is actually not relevant to social Sciences , I really want to learn more about the research methodology of social sciences .
I think it will be helpful to me taking this lesson at the beginning of the semester , I believe I can learn a lot from the professor and you guys .
Thank you !
My Life in University
The life in university have a lot of difficult and interesting things .
Of course , everything always have two - faced .
When I live in university , my life has become change a lot of .
Firstly , studying is very difficult because you have to accept new ways of studying- studying by myself .
In addition , my major is English so teachers will teach and explain by English , which I ca n't catch up on lessons well in the first time .
I was very inconfident about myself and i ca n't make friends well so I think that it 's too difficult to ask teachers or friends .
I always try to find out reasons which take a lot of time .
Moreover , I need to improve my skills such as reading , listening , writing , and speaking , they help me to catch up on my teacher ' s lesson .
Secondly , studying in university , I have to live far from house which make me be homesick , sad , and worried I have to live in dormitory with many strange friends , they 're very noisy and I have to share my room with my roommates .
It 's not convenient .
Everyday , I have to clean our room , wash clothes , I must take a lot of time to finish everything before I star learning .
The first time living here , i used to called my family and complained about here 's life .
However , life 's university have many conveniences .
Living alone , I have to manage money well .
Before I want to pay money for something , I always think carefully that I 'm really necessary or not .
Sometimes , I broke up nearly and I was really worried so I have to pay money suitably .
When I living alone , I have to save money because there are many situations which I have to slove without family , and you can become a good person with many good characters such as confident , independent , friendly .
Because my family always prepared everything for me when I lived with them so it 's very difficult to be independent .
But today , I have to do it , I have to solve my problem , manage money , wash clothes by myself .
In addition , I can be confident because teachers require everybody in class have to stand in front of class and speak English .
Living alone you have to make friends when you 're sad .
Studying new lessons from society .
Jogging the sport in the nature
My favourite sport is jogging .
During I go jogging I can think about all the daily thing in my life .
When I am in a bad mood I go jogging outside and hear how the birds singing .
For me jogging is very stressless .
At one day I go alone for me , so I can calm down or think through .
At an other day I go jogging with my best friend , so we talk a lot and have fun while we do sport .
Jogging is a sport you can start it every day .
You do n't need a lot of aquitment , so you do n't have to buy a lot .
I think for people who are fat , they can go jogging but a little bit slowler .
You have to notice that and go tomorrow jogging .
It is never too late to start .
Have fun !
It is a hot summer 's day and Agatha has just switched off the computer of her office for coming back home .
Suddenly Agatha sees , behind the windows , a 30 years ' man , he 's tall and wears 19th century clothes ; he is John , a known vampire who lives in that district .
He was gone in Agatha 's investigation office for asking her to look into some murders happened recently .
It was murdered four vampires .
Agatha knows that John is a dangerous man , so she decides to refuse the charge .
Unhappy , John insists until Agatha accepts .
After the agreement , Agatha come back home and in first place she call her friend Michael for telling him to go to her .
When he arrives she tells him the event .
Michael , that is a policeman , decides to help her .
Two weeks later , Agatha meets John in the old palace 's undergrounds .
Convoyed by Michael , she goes to him and gives him all the documents found .
Unfortunately , Agatha ca n't find sufficents trials for understanding the guilty .
Irritated , John knows the Agatha 's difficulties and before to go away , he calls Agatha without Michael for telling her another important thing .
While Michael goes out in John 's eyes comes a red touch .
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
We had taken lunch , so we started a little walk .
Then , we saw an eagle flying in the sky .
We had never seen such a beautiful eagle like that .
Charlie thought that if he was taller he might be able to take a picture .
Therefore , he climbed a tree .
Suddenly , when he was trying to focus the eagle with the camera , he fell down .
There are several reasons why there is no future for public transport .
One reason is that travelling by car is more comfortable .
If you share your own car with other people , you will save money .
Another reason is that you can hear the music that you like in your car .
For all these reasons , I think that travelling by car is better .
My name is Monika , and I 'm 21 years old .
I 'm from Poland and live in Poznan .
I have a lot of interest but my favourite is volleyball .
Volleyball is a discipline which I practise for 6 years .
An important place in my country is the Museum of Prado because it is complete with much world fame painters .
It 's very large and has special lights at greek performers room mainly .
This museum save the historical collection of the spanish royal family a lot of centuries ago to actual time .
You can see there some of the most greatest teachers painters .
The car is very easy
I have a car and I can go a lot of places , because it is fast .
The public transport is slow and have got much people .
I prefer walk , because the bus , helicomter , metro is very polluting .
The pollution is the firt problem for the public transpor
Long time ago , in a small village in Spain happened a story I 'm going to tell you .
A man called Michael gave us a new machine to wash up our clothes .
He was trying to switch it on again and again but the machine did n't work .
Suddenly , a man in black told us if we were putting the machine into the electricity .
Michael face was awfully red .
He was very embarrassed .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Good morning everyone and welcome to your favorite program " you can also do so " , today we 're going to learn how to make a cake for the birthday of children , as well as Sofia please tell us what ingredients we are going to need to be able to make the cake .
hello John good days and what we need to , do this delicious cake is : eggs , flour , yeast , sugar , and flavor of the cake that we want such as chocolate , vanilla , fruit
While I was ringing the bell the neighbourh 's dog stared to bark .
It looked like afraid and nervous .
It was like whether it was waiting for a terrorific event .
I stayed in front ofthe door during forty minutes and I rang again and again .
Nodody opened .
I had called Michael that morning and I told him that I will go to his house that evening .
I would suppose that he was waiting for me .
I look through the Windows and I could see a suspicion shadow .
I thought he might be Michael and I became shout his name .
When Michael saw me he openened the door , however straightaway closed the door and at that moment knew he had make a mistake
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to you to apply to the position of Summer camp as advertised in the newspaper .
I am an Architect , I have 5 years of professional experience .
I am also part of a charity organisation in my local town , we
there are many sports and my favourite sport is badminton . I had liked it when i was young .
i remember that the first present my mother gave me was the badminton racket .
I was really surprised .
Because I do n't know how to use it .
From that day , my older brother taught me to play with it .
I often play it about 2 hours in the afternoon .
And now , if a day I do n't have any practising , I will feel bored .
I see that it 's good for my health .
It helps me be stronger and more active .
As you know , practising in the sports give us many benefits , you can take part in a club and have more friends .
Moreover , if you have a good ability you can attend in a competition to try your best . I am a member of Badminton club in the city , if you 're interested in badminton , let 's come and enjoy yourself .
Dear Anne ,
Thanks your letter asking about the Young people are interested .
Saying that , the music that they like is pop music and reggeton as they can dance together .
Also , the televisin programmes that they watch are the reality show .
This programmes are fashionable .
Moreover , regarding the clothes , the Young people wear a dress skirp and jeans .
Everyone wear that he wants .
See you soon ,
Fatima
My nightmare journey was taking place in August of two thousand and eleven year .
I and my family were backing for the holiday that we spending at the seaside .
We were going to gdańsk to seeing new statium that was built for UEFA European Championship .
We were saw the stadium , backed to car and wanted to drove to Bydgoszcz .
Bydgoszcz is my family city and destination of this journey .
Sadly our car was crushed ... in big and busy intersection !
This was n't some big , we still had four wheels and motor , but electronics in car stopped worked .
This was very scared !
We were n't have speedometer , blinkers and lights , it was very dangerous situation .
We were stopped on the side and looked for solution .
My father was rung for friends but unfortunately no one could help us .
We must took risk and went to nearest market .
In parking in front of this building very nice and crazy old man was helped us and charged acumulator in our car .
This was worked and we could backed to drove .
We were very scared because car could crushed again at any moment .
For this reason we were n't using a motorway .
Fortunetly we were backed to home healthy and happy but very very tired .
To pursue a career which is relevant to Mechanical field and expect myself to contribute my experiences and knowledge with enthusiasm and would love to take challenges and be yearning for the sense of accomplishment .
Shopping facilities in Moral de Calatrava .
This report shows the sorts of shop which are localizated in Moral de Calatrava .
1 . Shopping cheaply .
It is though that Chinnesse shops are the cheapest by far .
We are offered a lot of bargains in this kind of shop .
But maybe , the most important thing is the variety of products which can be found there : from cleaning products until a little furniture .
2 . Fashion in little towns .
Traditional clothes : that kind of clothes can be expensive but if you want to live like in the past , you can put on that and you will have really fun although that clothes went out of style a lot of years ago .
Something more fashionable : there are also a few clothes shop were you can find a lot of sorts of fashionable Italian and Spanish designes .
If you need something for a special event like a wedding , you can go to three shops which are specialited in that .
3 . Farmer markets .
Every Saturday morning , this village organizes a market where people can buy some natural vegetables or fruit which had been grown up by local farmers .
That is the reason why its price is so low .
Some pieces of advice :
-Even though you can find a lot of bargains , do n't spent too much if you do n't need it .
-Be careful .
If you look like a foreign people , local people can try to rip you off .
-If you buy some clothes , assure yourself that they fit you and you like them enough to conservate .
my town tries all the time to make our town more beautiful and comfortable by taking more care of the environment , they provide us by good buses which are friends to the environment and offer the tickets for this buses in a cheap price , they also trying to find the best way to make the rubbish more useful by the recycling , also the people tries all the time to find the best way for keep our village clean;they never throw the rubbish in the streets or the gardens , also they take care of the fuel in their cars to not to be bad for the environment , so , it 's our duty to take care of our village and the whole environment beside the government .
There are many accidentally problems encountered by international students studying in Australia .
It is believed that the most important one of the problem is culture barrier .
Because of different culture backgrounds , the talking style of internaional students who come from different countries are various .
Meanwhile , different countries have different rules .
For example , people always walk on the right of the road in China .However , Australian 's rule specify citizen drive on the left of the road .
Secondly , loneliness would be a big problem when a person who leave their own country getting away from family members and close friends .
Thirdly , students ca n't be accustomed to western eating habits like burgers , pizza and bread .According to the unfamiliar environment students may lack the sense of security .
There will evaluate viable solutions to the problem .
The most important way is that individuals should participate in student activities which held by the students from the same nationality so that they may not feel lonely .At the same time they can also actively communicate with local students to acquire more information about Australia culture in order to suit quickly .
I would like to work in a summer camp because I love them .
I would be fantastic to spend this summer in the USA .
I 'm studying teach at college so I want to be a teacher .
When I finished my studies I will stay a long hours with children .
My best skills are dealing with people as well as I am able do two things at the same time .
I take care of them so it feels me a useful person .
I think about some ideas to help you to organize some sports or evening activities .
For instance we could swimming on the beach , we could .
Evening we could tell them horror histories besides we could play with gestures .
In addition we could play outdoor games and they may do paints about the landscape .
About working in the kitchen It is n't a problem for me because I love cooking .
I am willing to cook lot of different meals for them .
I used to work in a restaurant in Salou and it was quite satisfactory .
I enjoy cooking so I always make different kinds of food .
I think that I 'm a suitable person to look out them because I am quite responsible .
I 'm an energetic and a responsible person .
whether you had more questions about me I 'd be glad to answer .
I 'm a hard - working person so that 's why I never have time to relax .
As children love playing I think that I am a suitable person to do this because I am like a little girl .
If you have me a chance I will be very glad .
To whom it may concern ,
My name is Margarita Varela and I 'm interested in the Summer camp Assistant 's job position .
I am in my last year of a Visual Arts major .
I have a special interest in arts and crafts .
I am a responsible person who can cope in crisis .
I took a first aid course last year in order to know what to do in case of unexpected accidents .
Also , I have good sociable skills and can speak two languages , English and Spanish .
My available time is on Mondays , Wednesdays and Fridays .
Then , I was wondering if food , accommodation and expenses are covered by you , or do you give any kind of help to your employees ? I will appreciate a lot to send me this information .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Kind regards ,
Margarita Varela
A game of gentlemen is my favourite game , yes I mean Cricket .
In my country we follow cricket as a religion .
Cricket is played by 11 players , which includes a captain , a wicket keeper and rest batsman and bowler .
Player who can bat and bowl is called all - rounder .
This game is played in three format i.e. Test Cricket ( 5 day game ) , One day Cricket and Twenty - Twenty .
Test cricket is old format and I love this format as it really tests the players skills and only best player can get success in this format .
But as this takes 5 days many people do n't have time to watch this game and its loosing its popularity in young generation .
One day cricket is played often .
My favourite sport is football .I think , this game is the most enjoyable .
Its popularity spreads all over world too .
There are many reasons behind it to be popular .
Everyone is able to enjoy the excitement throughout of this game the session .
The people who eager to play football must follow some basic rules which are described below :
1.A football player should be punctual and hard - working .
2.He should be disciplined .
3.During his playing time , he sought to give his full concentration .
Hi , I 'm sangjin .
Do you have any Diffrent eating customs ?
If you have any specially eating customs , will you tell me ?
Because , It 's my project .
So . I need more inpormation about eating customs Diffrent sountry 's .
In Korea , we usually ues Chopsticks when we eat Meal ald spoon as well .
Have you ever used Chopsticks ?
It may difficult for you .
When I was young , I could n't use it .
So , I have to Leand to use Chopsticks to eat .
Also .
we Have Meal Manners .
When we Have meal , We ca n't eat before your parents also older people start to eat .
we think it 's Improtant meal manners .
Well .
Have you ever heard Stamina food ?
When your feel is really Pusillanimous .
Then ?
We eat special stamina food .
We have many stamina food , I think dogs meat is good stamina food than another meats .
Because , When I was young , My parents Feeded it for me every summer Seasons .
And they said it 's a really good for your health .
So , every summer I have been eating it for 12years .
I have to Presentation this project next Monday .
So , tell me as soon as possible . in your country 's specially eating customs and manners also stamina food as well .
Hi ,
I think that for people who want learning English Write and Improve it is great !
I like it very much , it is very useful for me .
I tried it last weekend and I will use it all days ! if I used that every day I would improve in a short time !
Thank you for that advice .
Chiara
There is no doubt that the man 's lives are evolved .
All thanks to new creations technologies , the innovation in the field of medicines and the new scientific discoveres .
To my mind our lives has been improved in these years by smarphone , satnav , digital TV , Internet ..
Let 's suppose a teenager of twenty - first century during the Middle ages .. do n't get out alive without Wi - fii !
First of all in the next 50 years the people 's life do n't resamble at all this .
As far as I 'm concerned we would be submerged by too many tools which will replace manpower and craft , in addition the globalization will lose cultural traditions of each country .
On the one hand I 'm for development on the other hand I would that the innovations will not destroy the old .
Often the evolution is return of origins however I hope that the man in the next years will be to do n't forget the past .
Apart from that I imagine the world with everything automatic , planes that took me from New York to Dubai in three hours and robot instead of the weiters in a restaurant .
To conclude I ca n't think which wonderful thing the man will do in spite I hope make the word even better !
Hi there ,
I am writing to apply for the job of camp organizer .
I have read the advertisement and I promise you that I am the perfect for this post .
I 'm a veteran camper
and I know how to take care of a camp . I 'm funny and cheerful but I 'm also professional so I know how to take care of the children .
I am an experienced cooker so I can also cook for the children , I am also a good singer so we can sing songs together with the children .
So tell me what you think and let me know .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you .
Your friend ,
Peter Hansen
I can not agree with the statment of " no future for public transport " provided that the premise is " travelling by car is more convenient " .
First of all , the public transport is more rather convenient than irvate car .
The subway reaches most part of the London , and people can travel many places .
The accessibility is not just improving underground , but also on the ground and bridging .
Therefore , public transport will have a brilliant future .
The environment is becoming a more and more burning issue , especially from many years to nowadays .
That 's because pollution has now reached critical levels and that 's why we must take it under control and solve it .
We already know that a great part of the pollution comes from the exhaust fumes of the transports that invade cities worldwide .
However , we can already fight this - waiting the developing of advanced technology which can better exploit renewable , sustainable energy . - for example taking advantage of public transports .
The best idea is still , obviously , valorizing the use of bicycles .
Apart from that , even greater is the pollution of seas and rivers .
Polluting them is like endangering the life of the whole world .
This is caused by the waste of factories , but also by the damages that tankers do not only to the sea , but to the mainland too .
In addition , what about domestic wastes , which are our reality ? We should all learn to manage our wastes , because each of us , in our own small , is a great damage for the environment .
In conclusion , I think it is never too late for saving our wonderful world .
Why not do it now ?
Hello Joe
It 's good to hear from you !
Well , in my hometown there is about a little more than half a million people .
The nicest places to go are the malls , because of the very hot weather .
But if you leave the city about 30 km , there are a lot of rivers and waterfalls .
My best regards !
Thais
When you have skill to read a book and in that moment you are searching for good job you can find a lot jobs because you can develop easy when you compare with another person that they have been searched job to
My favourite restaurant is situated in Modugno .
It 's placed in a quiet street , so the restaurant is often very relaxing , especially between 8 and 9 pm .
The furniture consists in a set of chairs , tables and some sofas , covered with red clothes .
The restaurant appears very elegant and traditional .
Usually , there is no music in the restaurant .
The owner prefers to leave on only the TV , but often the dining room is silent .
In this way , customers can have the chance to have a conversation , without being annoyed by television or music .
I find it appreciable : I really love to talk to the people I 'm eating with .
Despite this , the resaturant is decorated with a full set of musical instruments , hanged up to the walls .
I really like it , because I love music and I enjoy trying to guess which instrument I 'm looking to .
You can eat different types of pizza , starters and pasta there .
Everything is delicious and very tasting , especially pizzas : they dress them in many different ways : I try a different meal every time I go there .
At last , it is not expensive at all .
she finally felt that she is wanted that she could do anything she wants , and that no one is more clever than another , they 're all the same .
The thoughts which people put in her mind was absolutely wrong she ca n't deny that those thoughts affected her badly , reached her to the point that made her hate herself .
The words they said to her was a killing ones , they colored her life in black , till it 's the only time to prove to them that she can do anything , she 's good at everything like them all , that she just did n't want to do like them all as she just hated the way .
that 's it , not for being non clever .
being unsuccessful in studying is a horrible thing , it affects man badly .
That was me , I never liked studying , I never found myself in those subjects , but it was n't the big deal to me , I hated is being seen as unsuccessful or a loser , as I was n't that , I knew that I 'm clever enough to study all these subjects and do well in exams so I can get high marks but they 're all did n't get that , they judged me for my marks but marks do n't form brains or thoughts , marks is n't the only way that makes you great now and then in the future .
whatever , In high school the senior year here in our country identify your future ; the college you 'll spend your life studying in and working by its knowledge , so I get that i should do all my best this year so my future could be better . and it happened I showed them all that I can do whatever I want even if the things I was n't like as they see me , and that all my previous marks was n't my best . I got high score and entered The faculty of Engineering which was the top college .
People thoughts have the power to make you feel the best feeling ever and literally the opposite , just do n't think about anyone 's thoughts but you , as you have the control of your life not anyone else .
your thoughts are the only ones that will make the differences , so take care of them only and believe in yourself so you could reach the prestige you 're looking for .
Do n't give anyone the opportunity to make you give up and continue in the successful life , Fight .
Hello camps !
I am Montaña Tomaso and I am twenty four years .
I read this news , now .
I am interested in the work .
I am studying primary education because I love children .
I would like to play with the children , to practise sport and we can dance with them .
I could help in the kitchen , too .
I love cook .
My best dishes are chicken and omelets .
I hope that we could work together .
I promise that if I go to camps , we would have a good time and we laugh a lot of .
Hi Luke , I tried the program called Write and Improve for a week and I liked it .
Although I do n't have a teacher available there , the program helps a lot because the corrections appear at the same time you check it .
I intend to write every day for practice my writing .
I believe that it 's a good thing to share to everyone .
You should shout it from the rooftops !
In our earth , Hunderds of millions prople living in here .
Except us , There are also a large number of wildlife .
All of us need air\water and food .
Humans life also want house , And transport facilities .
A great number of bulidings stand in land ,
Even the please probably shold belong to animals .
We build road to us and make the life easy and better .
However , we forget the one importent thing , The earth is belong to all life .
Our flat and house make theaother animals lost they are home , and it is lead to environmental deteriation .
We take the thransport easy , hewever , we take away other animal 's life in careless .
THE PERSON I ADMIRE IS MY BROTHER , HE IS THE OLDER THAN MY BROTHERS , HE WAS BORN IN 1970 , MY PARENTS TELL ME " HE IS GOOD BOY " WHEN HE WAS A CHILDREN .
THE REASON WHY I ADMIRE HIM , BECAUSE HE WAS DETERMINED WHEN HE WON A SHULARSSHIP A STUDY MEDICINA IN RUSSIA , HE LIVED FOR 7 YEARS .
HE HAD TO LEARN ANOTHER LENGUAGE AND LIVE IN A COUNTRY VERY DIFFERENT TO OUR .
MY PARENTS AND MY ARE FELLING PROUD FOR HIM .
NOW , HE IS THE BEST MEDICAL INTERNAL , HE HAS A BEUTIFUL FAMILY .
I 'm living in Taiwan , Taichung .
How is the area to take care of the environment ?
It build a lot of facilities for residents .
For example : Lots of Bicycles .
This provide people who want to go to a place that distance is not too long .
And it face another question : morality .
People probably destroy those bikes , and cause bikes become less and less .
But , fortunately , people living in this area all use these bikes carefully , so we do n't care so much that thing .
Second facility is public bus .
Large of bus all around the city .
When students finish their class , they take but to home .
Worker are off duty , taking bus to home , too .
And when the weekend is coming .
Family can take the bus to place to place , instead of driving .
It makes farther or mother more convenient !
Third , lots of green area .
Taichung have plenty of tree at the park .
So when children are playing around these tree , they can feel more healthy with pure air .
And that 's talk about the bigger area , Taiwan .
Taiwan has a complete traffic system .
Train , bus , Mass Rapid Transit , and air plant .
People living in Taiwan , no matter whether you are local people or not , you can use all of these facilities .
And lots of city government advocate protecting animals .
Good afternoon USA SUMMER CAMPS committee
I am Julia Timmerman from the Netherlands and I read your advertisement for working in summer camps in the USA .
I really would enjoy doing this job in the summer because I love to look after children , learn things to them and sport with them .
Since I was 13 I 've been teaching children from 8 - 9 years old how to play hockey and I am still doing and enjoying this .
I also would like to do this because I have always been wanting to visit the United States and I love to sport .
I can work really hard if its needed and am very energetic , so I think and hope I am the suitable person for the job and I would really enjoy the job and look after children .
Kind regards ,
Julia Timmerman , The Netherlands
It was directed by Richard Curtis .
This movie is called " About Time " .
The main character is Tim .
When he was 21 yeasr old , his father told him something about his family 's secret .
It 's a quite strange sounds , because his father , grandfather , and greatgrandfather had been to travel time .
He could n't believe that .
But it 's so simple .
Go to a dark place , and then ckeuck the fist .
After the action , he can go to the time in the past .
After he knew the truth , he moves to London for his job .
He tried to go out with her .
So he used to his ability travel time for his family .
Finally , he married Marry .
After the married , He and his family face a difficult situation .
He always to fix the problem , but his father says to him .
If you have a great time with your family and co - worker , it is not necessary to travel time .
Just enjoy your day by day , and thanksful an ordinary day .
He realized that 's means .
I watched this movie several times , after I arrived in the UK .
It 's good for studying English as well as the plot .
If you like a good drama , you will love it .
I 'm sure , you would be like this movie .
I am writing to tell you about the Spanish military academy .
This school located in Marin , where is in north Spain near Pontevedra .
The school is the Spanish institution in charge of training the Spanish navy officer class .
And it has been established in 1943.Moreover , there are not only the royal navy but also the royal marine crop .
Students have to study two parts which are engineering part and military part .
In engineering part , there are a lot of laboratories , which is help us to easy to understand about subject such as Physics , Chemistry or even Economics .
In military part , there are many obstacles and weapons for the marine corp .
And the are a lot of equipment for the navy cadets .
For example , the planetarium in a navigate room for learnt about the position of star , four small boats use for practiced the leadership and navigation in Pontevedra river , or even the simulation for maked the situations which are seldom happen .
To sum up , The Spanish military academy have a lot of equipment for teaching the future officers .
On the other hand , five years in school are not superficial because now there are not only the military subjects but also the engineering subjects .
But , I am really proud of my school .
There give me a lot of knowledge which I need to use in the future career .
A lot of people use public transport every day in this world , but some people prefer use your own car to go to the work , school , and whatever .
Some people have your own car , but prefer use public transport .
Today in the streets have a lot of cars , bus , motorcycle , other kind of transportation .
All the people should use your own car to go somewhere just when it 's necessary , because each car on the street is bad to our environment .
All the people should use public transport to reduce the number of the cars on the street
I know a good restaurant .its name " moon light " it is locatedin Abbas elakad st .
It is large , clean and comforktable and has air conditioning and internet wifi
it introduces many kinds of delicious foods like meat , cheeken , sea foods and if you want anything different you will find it there .it is suitable for my class because it is difference from any other restaurant
In my city there is an old town who was declared in 1986 World Beautiful City .
One of the most kown building is the Churruca Earl Palace , who has a medieval tower with the battlements ( the rest of the towers in the city does not have ir because the Muslims took them out ) .
As well is important because during de Civil War , the General Franco was living there for a week .
There is an office with so many things that he had there .
If you want you can visit it .
Nowadays the Palace has a very good restaurant with a comfortable patio where you can taste the most exclusive products from Extremadura .
The present chapter aims to introduce audiovisual translation ( AVT ) - one of the most popular type of translation nowadays .
Audiovisual translation brings a lot of dilemmas and constraints with which translators must agonise .
But it exists a variety of techniques which helps to tackle with this kind of problems .
So , I will elaborate on this subject .
The chapter will also cover the definition of the notion of pun a stylistic figure and how puns transfer from one language into another .
In extension of this , I will evaluate whether the effect of the pun in the original version is maintained in the dubbing version .
I live in Serdobsk .
The people in my town take care of the environment .
The garbage cans are about each home .
Garbage truck pick up them twice on the week .
There are many a small garbage cans about cafe , stores , and other public place .
Every morning special track to clean the roads and walk way .
The advance of technology in the last years has been awesome .
The first computers was created in 1946 for John W. Mauchly and J. Presper Eckert in the United States .
In 1960 , computers were very basic .
They were bigger and heavier than today and they were very expensive .
Its keyboard had a lot of buttons and its screen did n't have any colours .
Computers did n't have any programmes and resulted limited , boring and tedious .
In the present , computers are multifuncional .
For example , they have Internet access .
WiFi , port USB , among other things .
These computers are very popular .
They are faster and smaller than before and you need a mouse to use it .
Its screen has colours and HD
Hi Maxi !
How are you ?
In my last week went to Florida with my family .
I went to the beach and played volleyball with my brother and sister .
Then there went to the cinema and saw the Harry Potter film .
My brother went to the NBA league and see the match the Arenas vs Orlando And now I go to my house and then I 'm going to invite friends .
Tomorrow I 'm going to play soccer with my friends .
See you next weekend !
IGNACIO
In my opinion , the public transport has future because this is cheaper than other transport , also its pollution is lower .
The car is a transport more comfortable than the public transport but is not sustainable , its cost is higuer and if all people move by car , The cities will be very pollutes .
Also , in the big cities , the public transport is more punctual than the car because this transport usually has its own lane , while if you use the car , you takes more because there are a lot traffic in your lane .
Other transport that can be very used in the future is the bike , this transport is cheap and ecological , also , more and more the cities are building a lot bike lane so is a good alternative .
For travelling other cities or town , in my opinion , the car will remain the transport most used , although the new transports could change this situation .
For the finish , I think that the transport most use in the cities in the future will be the bus , metro and bike and for travelling enter cities the car will remain the most used .
Dear James !
Thank you for inviting me there !
It was really enjoyable and funny .
I was especially delighted with national music and Latin American dances .
I would like to invite you to the celebration of my birthday in two weeks .
Bye !
Your dear , Vitaly
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Now a day , more and more people have their own car .
When they go out for work or other purposes , they choose to drive by themselves .
People do n't need to wait for public transport if they were driving their own cars .
It is not only convenient but also time saving .
With these benefits , it seems that there will be less and less people willing to take the public transport .
Dear sir ,
I am writing to you about the adverstismen on the Mirrow daily .
I am really very interested in the job of your summer camp , I have worked during seven months in Spain in a similar job .
I can speak severeal languages like spanish , English and Rusian .
by the time i have stutied a degree in journalism .
I am available to start to work inmeditely .
I looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Your faitfully .
Rafa
My favourite sport is football .
I play this sport since I was child , and today I still love it .
The dream of every person that play this sport , as well as a hobby , is to make it a profession , but very few people did it .
Nowadays I play football twice a week , Monday and Friday , because for me it is remained one hobby .
I like to play football cause for me , as well as one hobby , is one way to stand out of the world , of the problem that every day I have to face , and at the end it makes me calm and happy .
I recommend this sport to all people , because it could be , as me , one moment to distract from the world , one moment to spend without thinking about tmorrow .
The football could be one way to meet your friends , and to spend time with them .
Trust me , I 'll be right .
My undergraduate studies in Pharmacy at the University of Asia Pacific gave me a solid background in health care sector and chemistry , as well as strong theoretical framework , while allowing me to explore my personal interests in pharmaceutical technology .
This undergraduate work along with the diversified professional experience helped shape the specific research interests that now drive me to pursue graduate work in the field of Industrial pharmacy and gave me the opportunity to learn and work with the new medicines and delivery ensuring their safety and quality academic and research opportunities for my interest in pharmaceutics as a scientific career .
Dear Kennedy
I am very grateful for your invitation to the interview .
I am glad to tell you that i am able on February 16th at 10:00am . I will appriciate if you could reserve a parking space for me .
Could you please tell me how long will be the interview ?
Kind regards
Andrés Fernández
I Live in Egypt .
It has a lot of historical places .
The most historical place is the Pyramids , they were built since more than 7000 years ago .
If any tourist decide to visit the Pyramids , he / she shall enjoy riding Camel , horses or buggy .
Also having some pictures will be a great idea .
The pyramids are famous because of the way they are built , it was a great job by the Egyptians .
Many people think that for badly behaviour of young people are responsible their parents and they should be punished for that .
I agree with that only in part , because in my opinion there are some more reasons .
First of all , when children are small , they are polite and always listen parents , for example they are doing homework , going to sleep in regular hours and back home after school .
This is a time , when parents could create behaviour of their children , because when they grow up , they are beginning rebel and do things which are good in their opinion .
Secondly , for behaviour of older children like teenagers have an impact other factors , it are not only their parents but other people , whose surrond them .
It is a time when children must choose , which people are good or bad , which way they will go to difficult situation for example they will be drink alcohol or they will have fun without any suplements .
When they choose bad , they could began stopped do things which were important for them in previous period in their life .
In summary , I would like to point out that the most impact for young people have their own , because life is a time when people only choosing .
Parents are very important , because they can suggest some solutions , but final decision must undertake their children .
Great Wall is a great military construction in China , as known as a miracle in the history of ancient human construction .
The exiting Great Wall remains mainly built in the 15th century of Ming Great Wall with a total length of 8851.8 kilometres .
It is a symbol of China , along with Tiannanmen Square and Terra Cotta Warriors and Horses .
It was listed as a world heritage sight in December , 1987 .
The area of Great Wall has been inhabited with many ethnic group since ancient .
The development of each nation and their relationship is the key point by observing and understanding the area of the Great Wall .
This week was a little bit difficult because it was the beginning of classes , I got up early to be on time for my classes and to start with all the enthusiasm in the new semester .
The next day , on Tuesday was hard for me to get up , but the simple fact of seeing my classmates it was so much easier .
I arrived at the school with all the energy , and I decided that this semester will be better than the other .
Thus the classes have just begun with new teachers and others who have already taught me .
What heavy was that teachers have already given us all homework for the week .
Later , I went to my house with my mom and I helped her make the meal and did the clean up .
After that , I did my homework because I had a lot of and it was pretty hard .
So every day I kept awake .
My dad told me do your best and if this semester going well for me , my dad will give me a tablet because I really need it .
So this is my week .
However on Saturday I went to English classes in the evenings .
Later , my parents , my brother and I went to turn around to relax us from all the stress of the week .
Finally , on Sunday I rested at home with family .
Every second , every day , every week , every year , the life goes on and the human discovers a new thing .
The scientists try to make people 's life easier but that 's harmful for people 's health because that make people do n't move and more fat .
In future , The cars will fly and be faster .
we wo n't use oil as a fuel .
we will find a new resources for energy which will be clean and cheap .
The renewable and new energy is clean and so cheap , we can use the sun rays to generate electricity for houses and cars .
The computers will write what you think in , the mobiles will be smaller and less weight .
The tourists will travel to another plants , The people will live at moon and under seas or oceans .
Working as an ITC si very exciting because you need to program all , is like a challlenge , although you can do varied things . You can be in duty in your house and deal with your boss in the cellphone so do n't be alarmed if your son 's bother you .
Is a little streesfull when you have a lot of work .I hope when I have me job be in charge of security IT department .
It 's a very worthwhile job .
I agree with that opinion because I do n't like shopping at all .
I think it 's very silly when you go to the store and you have no money .
But you want to see all goods and maybe buy one of product .
It looks very stupid .
But if you have much money you can go and by something from the fact that you really need .
Everyone has an opinion on this statement .
There is no accounting for tastes and I can not answer for everyone .
i do n't know my name .i do n't know my age all i know about that i want to be a great woman , i want the world to hear my voice , to prove that i can do it i can do any thing i am not weak i have woman power
Michael went into the teacher office , but he found that his teacher is n't here , maybe teacher went to the bathroom , suddenly , the door is opened by teacher , a teacher who wore bikini came into sight , this incident came as quite a surprise to Michael , she flirted with Michael , Michael felt excited but run out of the office , but he had regret for his action , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Bob ,
I am so glad to write this letter for you .
I had been worked at local cinema last summer .
I would like to tell you this experinece and how I enjoy working in there .
As you know , my hobby is go to movie so you can image that how happy I am when I got this job .
I responsible for selling the moive ticket and have a good time .
How about you ?
Best regards , and look forward to your reply .
Bill
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
I am writing in connection with the advertisement for a job in Green Pepper Cafe .
I would like to get this job and I think I would be suitable for it .
I own all needed traits for this job : knowledge in cuisin , politeness and diligence of work .
In additions , I want to say that I always try to do all my duties with responsibility .
I am looking forward to hearing from you if you are interested in my application .
Sincerely ,
Kim Page .
Once upon a time , a young boy called Michael , was walking opposite of a beautiful lake .
When , he saw into the water , he found a little ill frog .
After that , Michael decided to bring it up because the frog was very ill .
The frog got well while I was at home for two months .
However , Michael discovered that it was a bad wizard .
The wizard attacked him and he went away from home .
Michael closed the door and kew at that moment he had made a mistake because he lost his house .
It was a sunny and hot day , Peter decided to go to the waterfront promenade and have a walk .
He was feeling so free because of the fresh air .
Suddenly , he heard a high - pitched scream .
Then he saw a woman started to jump over the enclosure !
Peter thought that he must do something quickly to avoid her from committing suicide .
He shouted out loud for help but no one was around him .
So he contacted the police for help immediately .
In a flash of an eye , the police came .
At last , the life of the woman was saved by the police and the police thanked Peter for confirming them .
The one I most admire is called Ronaldinho , a football player that in my opinion is the best of all time .
He won only one gold ball , but he should have won more than that .
He mostly played with number 10 even thouhg he also played with numbers 80 , 45 .
He was born in Porto Alegre , in 1980 , and played in several teams like Barcelona or AC Milan .
The skills he make are wonderful , he know everything about football , his passes were fantastic , he passed the ball even with the back !
Even though most of people think that Messi or Ronaldo Nazario are even better than him , other people think same as me .
There are 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms .
The kitchen looks like small and simple .
The living room shares area with dining room .
We have a small garden .
My mom likes growing plants such as vegetables .
it all started when I found a book on the bus .
This book made me interesting and I begging reading more and more while I read the more I love it this time everything did not matter to me I want to finish the book as soon as possible I do not know the end but I want the end of the book was amazing but the same time I do not finish the book because the mystery to open up finished in .
In the end a lady interrupted me and I was angry about the situation .
that was the reason I do not finish the book
Nowadays our world is fighting everyday against diferrent problems , one day there is the problem of violence , one day the atmosphere conditions or many others .
Today we can try to imagine how our lives can change in the next 50 years , if it will be better or worse .
In my opinion everyone 's life will have a great improvement , from the economic point of view but also from the social and cultural one .
It is known that in the future will come the day in which any kind of unrenewable resource will finish .
But I imagine that in the next years we can begin to spread the use of alternative resources , as the eletricity given by the light of the sun rays .
Or in addition , we can use the energy given by the environment , as the wind or the inorgainc rest .
Maybe there will be also great new discoveries from the medicine that will make disappear any kind of diseases .
To sum up , I think that we have to expect a great future in which men will regain possession of his whole capability and thanks to it he will change everyone 's lives in best .
Today I was at the university to learn new things .
My friends are Mariana , Cristina , Fernando , Jose , Pedro and Ivan .
They are good people .
Mariana loves Panda songs .
Cristina really likes dogs also she is too pretty .
Fernando is a young man , he likes to hear English music .
Jose is not in my university but we are good friends .
Pedro is a good friend , he loves to read books and he is working with your mother .
Ivan is from Machachi , he is not studying anything but I am sure that he is a great person .
We are from Ecuador and live in Pichincha .
I am from Ecuador and live in Machachi .
Machachi is a nice town .
I am 20 years old .
When I was a child I wanted to be doctor .
Two year ago , I won a nice cap .
I have 6 people in my house .
We came from Loja to live in Machachi .
I grow up in Machachi .
I like to travel .
Last mouth I went to Machalilla National Park with my friends .
It is a free park .
Los Frailes is in Machalilla National Park , It is a wonderful beach , the sand is too white .
I really love that beach .
I 'm interested in sport;football .
Because it 's the most common sport all over the world as well as I 'm good at football , so I play football with my friends every weekend always play on Tuesday evening .
Also , it 's good for fit and health .
I 'd like giving you some advice about how to start playing sport .
I think it 's good idea if you buy some kits for football and training with your friend before match at home or playground for two or three days .
Next , you can play with anyone on confident and control match .
moreover , sometimes why do n't you run in the morning ?
In my opinion , it 's useful to play football .
THANKS
I understand what you mean because cars are so convenient as you said .
You can go anywhere , anytime you want .
You do n't need to care about time tables .
Also , during your journey , you might be able to stay night in your own car .
But nowadays , cars are one of the reasons to cause the earth warming and air pollution .
Car companies try to spread electric cars but it seemed to take a long time .
And some people have already switched to use public transport like trains or buses .
Moreover , it 's still popular to travel long journey with trains or ships because the scenery you can see from them are totally different from the one from cars .
According to these reasons , I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
" Annabelle " is a horror movie which i am going to watch this Saturday .
I am wondering if i will be scared after the movie .
The movie is about a doll called Annabelle which was closed in a museum from Conecticut where she is visited by a preist who blesses her twice a month .
John From finds the perfect gift for his pregnant wife : a beautifull colection doll dressed in a wedding dress .
Unfortunatelly , in a horribble night the couple"s house was invided by a satanist group who attack them and leave just blood behind them .
The satanists invoced an eavel entity that is capabale of the worst things ... Annabelle .
After Mia gives birth to her doughter Lilly , Annabelel wants to kill her .
Even the preist doesn 's know how to help the unhappy familly .
Everyone is terryfied and find out that a demon is attached by the doll .
Idon't know the end of the story but i don;t think that is a happy one ...
The aim of this report is to highlight how the citizens care of the environment , in order to give suggestions to keep this area clean .
In the matter of that , information concerning what people do , or could do , are going to be shown .
Few people who live in the suburban areas have the following routine :
1 Check if your dog or anyone else 's pet damages streets or gardens .
2 Divide wet rubbish from the products which can not be recycled .
3 Denounce those who leaves rubbish in the wrong spaces .
Disadvantages :
If the majority of citizens , including the ones who live in the city centre , had followed these ideas , this city would have been surely cleaner .
Unfortunately , deeper problems are linked to the difficulty that all the inhabitants respect those principles .
Some thought that volunteers should involve careless people in many project to keep their city attractive and marvelous .
It is proven that to be a part of a project always make people feel useful .
I would , therefore , recommend this idea .
Nowadays we can see that each time more public transport need to improve the quality of your services , the people daily need this kind of transport go to work , go to school and in general depend so much of the public transport .
The government can to improve the public transport making a great investmenting like changing the old vehicles for new and increase the number the bus , trains and build more bus station and trains station this kind the action will help a lot the quality of the public transport for population and will become the life of the people more easy .
Today many people prefer to travel by car than public transport because of the bad quality services , the bus , the trains are full and many times are until dirty and late .
However if this situation not change and if our government not take providence about this important subject will be the end of the transport public and will more convenient to use car .
I am writing this letter because we have to improve the gym of the school .
The gym has many problems that we are gouing to explain :
the first problem is that we do n't have enough aparatous for all of the students
the second problem is about that same aparatous are not working well because the school did n't the manteinace long time ago
For the first problem in my opinion , the school have to buy some others aparatus because there are not enough for all of the students
For the second problem the solution for me is to hire someone to do the maintenance and say to all of the students to take care of the machines of the school
I hope my proposal wiil be useful for you
I look forward to hearing from you soon
Sebastián Ferrari
I work as freelancer journalist , prepare reports dealing with a whole situation in the city of Jerusalem , and publish my reports in many of the websites .
I am also committed to preparing monthly reports for newspaper supplement " The Voice of Women " which issued by the WATC " Women 's Affairs Technical Committee , and I have the cooperation with the Environment and Development the magazine which issued by Center for development work " Maan " , annd other web sites and news and media organizations .
the world is sadly lacking in an environmental mind in consequence , it caused the global warning which been the most important global problem it does n't mind to more than three quarters of the world population .
Currently we have got more than six different types of banks in our streets but as far as I know it is not sufficient to meet the needs of the environment because nowadays we do produce a lot of different materials , all of them overproduced and we do only learn this education in our home in our childhood , accordingly I am one of the few worried teenagers in the world about it so I really do help the environments as far as I can .
Frist of all at home we recycle plastics , glasses , papers and cartons , oils , clothes , batteries , organics in an especial composting bank where we avoid burning or burying in excess those scraps with other materials and finally all the other things are sends to an especial tip where we avoid to drop it anywhere . then when I have time and I see a senior citizen in the street introducing their scraps bag in an wrong bank I explain them who they have to recycle and who important it is for our environment carefully recycle it
A couple of years ago , I hardly could see any bins in supermarkets and houses .
Nowadays , I see everywhere bins and even a small kid of 3 years being teached to put unwanted materials in the bin .
It is truly an amazing experience and how much progress my small village has had done in 2 years of time .
Even though , there are not provided separate bins for different categories of dirt .
So , We can easily see people throwing everything in the same bin .
In spite of throwing dirt in a bin we also making some harm to environment unknowingly .
As there are different kinds of materials , dirt . some are renewable and some are not .
In my opinion , in the next 50 years , humanity will increase and there wo n't be resources enough for everybody .
There will be on another planets , for example the moon , many citadels inside an enormous domes .
Then , I suppose that in every country will be used much more renewable energies instead nuclear energies for reassure a secure future for the next generations , and maybe everybody will use electric car for decrease the atmospheric pollution .
The people 's live will change even by policy and the economy .
I hope that in the future there will not be any war by the economic crisis .
I think that public transport has a future , indeed travel in car is much more comfortable , because you do n't have to walk to take a bus or the underground .
But there 's a thing , no one have enough money to buy a car or maybe two ; that 's why there 's a lot of people who prefer the public transport .
Perhaps in a future public transport it can be more comfortable for the rest of the people who does n't have a car .
I think that there is n't for public transport because nowadays the people usually use your private car .
This is some adventeges such us it is more comfortable and fast .
when you travel by bus you must have a timetable and it is less comfortable than travelling by car .
However when you go by car you can take your car whenever you want .
Sometimes private transports is cheaper if you go is other people .
for example when you go by car you can go with other people so you pay less money for gasoil .
On the other hand , private transport are damaging for planet because we must take care of the planet . we can help to prevent the contamination of the enviroment , if we take travel public transport which do n't pollute .
At the moment , there are more one car to person , it is a problem for me because people do n't take cure envarioment .
they prefer to be comfortable .
in conclusion using public transport produce less damage to the environment and most people prefer .
I want to describe a famous actor from my country , he is Sergey Bezrukov .
He participates in many interesting movies and operas .
Some of them I saw , when was a young girl .
He has very important skills for the actor , these are charisma and charm .
What is more , he is a good husband and father for his children .
I think he deserved to be famous , because he is a very talented person .
Now he has opened his owned company .
I am plannning to visit his company .
One of his interesting film about musician , which was popular for 1980 - 2000 years .
His name is " Visockiy " .
Life is unpredictable and unforseen .
The immense possibilities of life give us opportunity to explore life but some times it lead to threat and dangers to our life .
We surely pray for the best life of our dear and near ones .
But insurance is also necessity and invetable for peace of mind .It gives us surety to live life securely .
It just not only to save our life but also secure assets like houses cars etc .
The insurance for non accidental death is known as general insurance and for life is known as life insurance .
But we still sold it not bought it .
Number of countries give attention and provide secure life to their citizens .but our country still under insurance .
Government should play key role by providing trustworthy organization surveyors loss assessors etc .
To aware people by run awareness campaign .
To provide insurance at nominal prices.and claim polocies should be easy .Give surety so that people can accept and trust the insurance companies .
Fdi can play important role in it .
It give competition to national companies .By virtue of which they work properly mannerly and give better option to policy holders.people can always buy nominal premium we should aware them about the types of insurance as well as benefits of the insurancce .
Soccer is one of the most games in the world and I like it very much .
I love soccer because when I was child my brothers were taking with them to the club and I enjoy it when I watch them .
In fact , I really enjoy it when I play soccer for many reasons .
First , soccer is very famous game in the world and a lot of people like to play soccer and I try to play like them .
for example , I can watch many matches a day and I enjoy it when I watch famous players such Cristiano Ronaldo with Real Madrid and Messy with Barcelona .
Second , soccer is very interesting game because when I play soccer I feel very happy .
Moreover , soccer help human body to be very healthy because when someone play soccer his organisms become strong .
Finally , I like playing soccer because most of my friends like me play soccer too much everyday that makes me love it too much .
I would like to say for anyone wants playing soccer to be very careful when he plays it because it may cause a lot of injures , but in the same time it is very nice game .
Hello John !
I read your e - mail , so let 's talk about books ! I usually read a book on my free time , because I prefer story than short articles .
Recently I read four great books about Shoah , they were very interesting , my favourite was : " The Book Thief",I read it for school , but I have already saw the film of this book .
It 's a very mooving book , but it is n't difficult , I think that 's for teenagers , but is also good for adults .
I love the thing , that in this book , there are a lot of German words , so I also could improve my German ( I go to the languages high school ) .
And what about your book ?
What are you reading ?
I hope you 'll answer me soon .
Bye Serena
Last Friday I 've visited Balla without any planning .
I usually wake up at 10 am at that day my father called me at 8:00 am and asked me to go Balla with them .
He usually avoids me in this kind situation .
Nowadays he treats me as botheration .
That is why I was very surprised .
The reason he told me to go Balla is Noman will feel alone there as Badhon and her mother is not going .
I was in a bit hesitation latter decide to go .
Actually I do n't have enough courage to say no to my father .
I got ready very quickly so I did n't do my morning exercises .
We have been told earlier that Abul kaka has got a very nice PAJERO Jeep from office nonetheless the performance of the vehicle was awful that day .
It shut down at the road for several times while we were on the way .
So I was feeling very anxious that if the car fail in Aricha highway .
Because I was so sure Abul kaka and Noman will prefer Aricha highway rather than the Singair road .
I do n't feel comfortable in hi - ways for many reasons .
Those are the most risky roads of the country . if there is an alternate way I always use that .
That 's why when I go to village I like to use the Singair Road than DHAKA - ARICHA highway .
My father also uses this road .
When I was a youngster , my father and I rode motorcycle to visit our place using this road .
As I was a kid I fall asleep sometimes .
May be for that I have a high regard for the road .
noman engaged the front seat .
Though he was unwilling to sit there as because abul kaka or my father should be seated there .
But they insist him .
So we four were occupying the back seat uncomfortably .
When the car stopped to take oil at a service station near Gilando , my father asked me to go the very back benches of the jeep .
I thought I should n't come as because those benches were disgraceful for me .
I feel like I 'm depriving by my family .
If I were in a better position it could not happen to me .
Peoples humiliate me in many ways because I do nothing for earnings .
I found it very painful when my parents do it to me .
I keep my brain cool and try to overcome the situation by thinking one day I will prove myself . I know who I am and what I 'm doing .
My thoughts are unquestionably better than others .
Hence I 'm waiting for good time .
We reached our home at 1:00 pm as well as planned to back Dhaka at 4:00 pm .
It gives the impression that only going and coming in a big car is the main purpose of the tour .
That was ridiculous .
That the I spent most of my time with Noman with his over talking habit .
My usual stance with this kind of person is to listen .
We visited nagar chak with much anticipation .
In this season I kike to see the sun shine .
The crystal clear and mild sun is very favorite of mine .
While I was listening noman I was discerning that I should question more .
When he talks he has done many mistakes because of his over talking habit .
at 4:00 pm we set for Dhaka was an early move because of faulty car .
I fall asleep as soon as we crossed jhitka bazar in addition when I wake up we had crossed Tora bridge .
We stopped our car to a road side tea stall to take tea .
Than we set for Dhaka .
We talked about a lot of things .
When we talked to our seniors I think I should control myself though they talked unreal things .
They prefer industrialization over nature .
At the same time they also keep saying that nature was more green and vigorous in our time .
A never ending argument took places and thus we reached Dhaka .
Travelling or moving from place to another by car is much more convenient for a man than public transport .
By car you can go whenever you want on time with no need to wait for hours at the stations for bus or subway .
It is faster and cleaner and much more comfortable .
For example , if you are in a hurry and want to catch the place you are heading to , you can drive as fast as possible .
You can have some other choices that you can stop to buy something : water , juice or snack if you get hungry your way or thirsty .
You even can take a rest for awhile pleasingly to sleep or to have a nap .
You would n't suffer anymore from the trouble or annoying stuff on bus most of the time like : no room for you to sit , bad smell people can make , or get bothering or bushing .
It 's convenient already .
But , on the other hand , because of recently traffic has been terrifically unbearable ; cars are so many ; very noisy , unclear air produced has become the public transport better to save earth .
In all over the world people always need advices to keep looking after their environments .First , the municipal should do workshops in schools and universities providing students by tips that should help us to make our environment clean .Second , they should make awareness campaigns about environment ; for example , telling people to put their rubbish in waste papre basket which helping workers to recycling it easily .Finally , to stay healthy we need a healthy environment .
I used to find a kung - fu sensei to teach me .
But at the region where I live I had not found .
Sundly , started krav maga class in a gym close to my house .
I did not think two times .
I went there and sang .
I discovered a new world .
It is a good self defence ... it is object , simple and fast .
Krav maga teaches how to control ourselves in hard situations .
Sometimes we are with people that we love .
When someone wants to hurt our relatives or friends , we must do something .
There are a lot of bad people in the street .
If it was not true , the life would be so better .
The most exciting day of my life was when I and my sister discovered that we would spend one week on a cruise with our friends ! that was a very beautiful Holiday !
We spent a lot of time together every day ; we visited some fantastic cities in Greece like Santorini , Athens and many others .
In Italy we also visited Bari and Venice too .
Every day we spent time on the beach and across the sea .
Every evening we went to the restaurant on the cruise .
Meals were very good and also in the morning I ate English breakfast or eggs and bread because I wanted to change my routine while I was on the cruise .
I think it 's the most exciting holiday I 've ever spent and my favourite too .
I and my classmates with our teachers and other classes went to the cinema to see the film " Fantastic Boccaccio " .
It was an interesting experience to go to the cinema to my class and see in a film what I have studied during the Italian lesson and understand better the stories of Boccaccio , one of the most important Italian writer .
Seeing the film we have had the possibility to watch the characteristics of the main characters of Boccaccio and the different places where the stories took place .
In my opinion the film was made in a very good way : the registers of the film ( they are two ) tell us five novels with only one main protagonist : the love in every situation .
The registers of the film said that they want to create a film without time , and they were able to create this .
The scenes of film , the costumes and the music are very beautiful and I suggest this film to all of my friends .
According to the past century , we have seen lots of change in the world .
It 's obvious that nowadays is really different from 50 years ago , so we can predict that the people 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
When it comes to change , we can think of what way of our lives is still inconvenient that it can probably change .
Most of the labours will probably have been represented by machinery , the people who is lack of academic might be very hard to get a job , the knowledge might be demand if the people live in the future .
There are some issues that make worried , the environment is getting worse , we have to come up with the methods to solve this and save our Earth .
The relationship among the countries is also significant , as we can see discord is among the countries , hoping that it will not draw the war .
television entertains as well as it will educate the people .
These days are educating themselves by watching the television .
Televison not only provide entertainment it will give lots of information about the happenings around the globe .
Channels like national geographic and animal planet will tell us the animal behaviour and the origination of species .
Few programmes some intellectual programs will increase the creativity of the people
When Michael wake up that morning he feels , a strange smell in the air , he do not know what is the origin of that strange smell but , in his noose , he receive a kind of sign something bad happened .
Very quickly he went of and try to put of his head of that sensation , but ... the smell , the feelings , the sign ... but " what ?
what is that ? " he thing .
He star watch the kids there running , playing , laughing a lot , the same couple of yesterday talking about love , the sadness in the city .
With a great effort sate down on the grass , he feels tired , and has a little sensation of pain in his boson , site there with many sounds on air , he star recall ... his face is changing is dark , he has now a clear image of all , when opened the door of the house his girlfriend is there dying on the floor , Michael remember all , the fight , the lays , the screams , the knife ... the blood ; but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
The diabetes is the increasing of the glucosa in the blood , The have two types , first the Diabetes Type 1 that is predent in childrens , pacient needs insuline every day , also this diabetes is caused by the destruction of the insuline realized by the person 's immuny siste .
The Diabetes Type 2 is present in adults people , the insuline is generated but this not work in the body , so the amounts glucose is storage in the body .
This diabetes is caused by the bad alimentation of the people or because the people have a bad life .
So it is necessary to eat vegetabl and fruist and also to do ejercises .
My view is that public transport is good because it has prevent pollution which is good for the public .
May people can think travelling by car is more comfortable for them .
However , they must understand travelling by car is not any kind of exercise .
if planned to travel by public transport people will walk to bus station and get down from the bus and walk for necessary thing .
So my opinion is good for both parties
Hi ,
It 's Rosevelt , hope you know me .
Hope this message finds you in good health 
On 25th January 2013 , Vrinda came in to my life .
And I want to give a surprise to Vrinda by sending her a short movie .
If you guys could share a quality , memory or any eventful time that you shared with her through video message would a great favour to me .
Please record your message and send it to my email i d f9u54t4g245@gmail.com before 24th eve .
I know it 's too late but hope you guys will support me .
Please do n't tell Vrinda about it .
Thanking you
Rosevelt
Hello Maxi ! !
I was waiting for you email .
How are you ?
What are you doing ?
Do you do any sport ?
I this week , I went to the country Is was very funny because we went to the cinema and we eat in a lot of different restaurants .
Bye I have to go .
See you soon
Hi readers of international sports monthly magazine .
I wrote to sponsorize my favourite sport , the most beautiful sport in the World ,
basketball .
basketball is a complete sport , aerobic and anaerobic .
it 's a team sport , the team it 's made of 5 people and you need a ball and a hoop .
I enjoy this sport because I love team sports and games with a ball .
Some people say that basket it 's only for tall guys
but it is n't true , in the A league in Italy we have different players not very tall
like 1 meter and 60 , so if you love this game you can play it no matter what
find only a ball and a hoop and play it .
If you want to start this sport , find a friend that can teach you the basic movements and how to pass and shot
than the practice makes the rest .
if you train and you have willpower nothing can stop you .
Nowadays basketball is spreading around the World .
I hope that the amount of players will increase and increase every day more .
so let 's play basketball .
Ryan Gordon loves all sports but he works hard at school too .
At the moment he is doing three A levels at camden college .
He is going to go to university next year .
At the weekend he usually plays football or basketball and this year he is learning how to roch climb .
He goes twice a week to the local climbing center .
School is finishing in two weeks and next summer he wants climbing in Scotland .
I have the best friend when I was a student at high school .
We studied hard together to prepare the university exam , shared about our problems and almost things has relatived with us .
It 's great time for me .
He made me happy and safe .
He seemed as my boyfriend .
The first year of the university , I showed my love to him .
Unfortunately , he refused me .
I had an affair love .
Day by day , I tried to forget my love in his quiet .
I did n't call , send message and met him .
Although I did well for a long time , one day , he contacted again with me , so I did n't ignore him .
He said that he wanted to be the best friend as before .
But no , what I can do it ? I still love him , even my love become bigger .
What I should do ?
Should I show my love again ?
Last week from September 11 to September 21 , we had a minivaction .
From September 11 to September 14 , I did nothing besides watching TV , taking care of my little sister Ellie and chat with my friends .
On the rest of the boring week , I solved a 1000 pieces puzzles .
On Sunday , my family and I went to Causeway Amador then to Albrook Mall .
After the examns finished , I went home and had nothing to do , so I thought that I needed to watch my dramas because it was a week I haven't watch them due to the exam week .
So after watching all my dramas , I had nothing to do .
From September 12 to September 14 , I was too lazy because I was tired of the exam so I was all day laying on the sofa doing nothing apart of watching the TV and chat with my friends .
Besides I needed to take care of my little sister Ellie , who is very cute and funny and right now she is always trying to get up and stand and walk .
On the rest of the boring week , I was watching TV and suddenly my cousin found some pieces of the puzzle inside the cabinet , so I decided to solve my Paris puzzles with my sister , which was less than a half solved for about one year but it had too much color in the sky so I did n't finished then a year ago .
We began to solve it again and took us the whole week to finish it .
While solving the puzzle , I decided to count how much pieces was left , after counting them I realized that five pieces were missing .
I was too angre because I was finishing the puzzles and five pieces were missing so I began to search the whole house for the five pieces but did n't find it .
On Saturday , I finished my puzzle but with five pieces missing but I was happy too .
I finished it .
On Sunday , my father planned to take my whole family to Causeway Amador .
Also my uncle , aunt , grandfather and cousins went with us .
After arriving to the Causeway , my brother and my cousins went to drive bicycle for one hour .
I was hoping that my father can teach me to drive the car but was not possibly because we went to Albrook Mall to eat and my father did n't want to return to Causeway Amador to teach me drive .
Mini vacation can be fun but sometimes boring because you haven't planned anything for the vacation .
The best thing I did was to solve my beautiful Paris puzzles and went to Amador with my family and have a good time with them .
Mini vacation are a break for us to have a fun and good moment with our adorable and lovely family and friends .
when I was child , I wore usually blue , grey and red colours .
My bedroom is blue and orange , the colours of my toys when I was child are different .
I chose always my clothes because only me know my favourite clothes and when I was child my toys .
Now I wear different colours for example black , blue , grey and other .
Maybe they will change
Pompei - the destroyed city
I 'm sure you 'll agree Pompei is the most important archeological site in the world .
It was destroyed by a vulcanic eruption in 75 BC .
Vesuvium - this is the vulcano 's name ! - covered it with a lot of cinder so that walls , houses , food , clothes , corps of citizens has been preserved as well they were .
You can walk through the same streets and enter in the same shops the romans entered some centuries ago !
It is n't incredible ?
Besides is possible to book special tours in which there are guides dressed like pompei 's citiziens .
I love the overnight tour , in which only fires light the ruins .
There is an unique athmosphere !
In my opinion anyone could n't come to Italy without visiting Pompei .
If you come , I promise you 'll never forget it !
I do n't think there is no future for public transport .
Especially in urban , for example , Taipei city in Taiwan .
People who lives there almost know the convenient public transport called MRT , it 's fast , cheaper and does n't have to find the parking lot .
Besides , it 's harmful and makes earth environment more worse for emission so much carbon dioxide .
That will cause the global warming .
So , it is better to use public transport .
But , if you live in the country , car may be essential , because it 's will spend so much money to buy the tickets if their family have many people .
So , I think the government should have to draw a proposal to solve the problems between the use for urban and counry .
And think deeply the problem about protecting the environment .
I love my small family .
My family members are very helpful and supportive .
My parents are very support .
My parents are my best friends and guides .
If any problems faced , i 'm went to my parents and say the problem , there are solve the problem .
My family is my world .
My parents are the good guides .
There are my role model.some times we were go to the tour programs , it 's very happy moments .
My mammy told the story in night .
Mom make the special foods in festivals .
my family is a nuclear family .
My family is great .
Steve Ramsay work in the espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D and live in Washington D.C. after the Battle of New York .
Someday , an S.H.I.E.L.D. 's agent was attacked by the ghost .
After that Steve become an America captain to protect the world again .
But he does n't know he is involved in a conspiracy .
He meets a strong opponent who is winter soldier when he wants to find out the wirepuller .
Walking every day is what I enjoy .
Besides to be an excellent exercise , is also the more comfortable , because it allows me to concentrate , to be with myself , talking and praying to God in each step in the morning .
I woke up 5H00 o'clock in the morning ,
I consider this is the best time to do sport , taking into account that the pollution is down at that time .
There is not so much traffic , and my senses and lounges perceive and respire all the smell that flowers , land , the First , I walk slowly and then I begin to walk as soon as possible to improve my fitness and I end walking 5 turns in the park .
What I really enjoy it is to lie in the grass .
It is in this moment when I get to talk to God .
I feel that he is near to me that he listens to me every word that I pray .
Doing so , I begin my routine day , come back home , begin to do my breakfast , followed by the lunch , because I have to get to work at 9H00 o'clock .
It is an activity that goes according to the capacity of each one , that doing it each morning improvement our health and move away all the bad of our body .
The graph below gives information about seasonal sales for ice - cream of different places in ice cream van and indoor swimming pool in Jan to Dec .
Overall , average of 5000 dollars of year about ice cream van .
In addition , indoor swimming pool sales have a slightly declining from 2012 to 2014 .
First , the graph showed an upward trend to ice cream van , and in 2014,it has the largest percentage of sales nearly 5500 dollars in Jul - Sep .
No matter what year , its lowest level always in Jan - Mar .
May be because this paragraph of time the weather was cold , the purchaser greatly reduced .
We can be seen from the diagram , the highest peak in the has increased year by year , as the low as .
Second , for indoor swimming pool , it generally appear wavy falling , from 2500 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dollars in 2014 . We can infer , it will not rise sharply , and it is impossible to fall sharply .
Most people like to have their own car , because they think is more comfortable and flex .
You can go out from your house and take your car park and leave to your job and park very close .
But I think that the future is the public transport , we need preserve nature , this is an imperative for our world , then the solution have to take the point that the governments do more invest in public transport , so the people do n't need to get a car for being able to have a job and do n't need it for normal development of their lives .
As well , we have to promote that the people get jobs close their accommodation or get the accommodation close to the jobs , because we have too much pollution and we could reward the companies that hire staff close to the place of job , maybe in a circle of 4 kilometres , as well we could reward the people that turn their accommodation for live near to the job or for going there by a bicycle .
Maybe this sound a bit crazy , but whatever solution will be good , we only must make our minds up for able to look across .
What the fine weather today !
What a fine day !
It 's April now , and spring is finally .
The sun shines bright , snow has melted in the March .
Birds returned from warm countries .
They sing joyfully and build the nests .
People look happier .
They feel tired after long snowy winter .
In the March we set forward our watch an hour ago .
Summertime was first converted in 1900 year .
Days are getting longer but night are getting shorter and lighter .
We convert our watches an hour ago in October .
It 's pleased some people because they will be able to sleep an hour more .
I like spring and always wait for it and wait for summer holidays with impatience .
Summer is really little life .
As soon as I pass all exams I will travel .
As they say in English proverb < travel broadens the mind>. In summer you can switch off of daily routine , relax , have a talk with friends .
I did n't decide as yet where I will spend the summer .
It became a big problem now .
I always want to see the world , to swim in the Ocean .
However I am stopped last tragic developments in foreign countries .
I think , it 's better and safer to go to Black sea , to Crimea or to Kuakas .
My friends have bought ticket to Sochi yet .
It 's the best , the most beautiful and the most comfortable resort in the South .
It 's possible , I will join them , because I have never been in Sochi and everyone should visit this wonder city one time of their life .
What is my favorite sport ?
Well , I 've played martial arts .
I 've been doing that for around twenty years .
Some martial arts are not really sports .
They 're more for self - defense but for what I do , and my way to stay healthy , is martial arts and running .
As far as watching , that 's a good question .
I would suppose I would have to say , in Japan Sumo is my favorite sport for watching .
I 've never tried it myself .
I would have to probably be three times as big as I am to even begin to qualify for something like that but , yeah , I enjoy watching it a lot .
I have to start saying that I never imagine swimming like my favorite sport , because until my back 's injury , I practiced other sports , I most like extreme sports like downhill , skateboarding martial arts like Aikido , jiujitsu or ninjutsu , but for my injury I have to start swimming and now I love it .
The think because I enjoy these sport is I feel free when I am in the water , it is so relaxing and I red it is the most completely sport because you work the whole body .
If you want to start swimming I think you should looking for a swimming teacher because if ca n't swim , you must need it , and if you can swim but not well , if you are not on practice and know your swim style is not the best I recommend you a professional assistance .
More time that you do n't have that assistance is going to be more difficult improve your style and enjoy swimming more because if you really know how to swim are going to have more resistance in the water .
Last week was a hard week for my wife .
She works at a language school in local University .
It is just the beginning of winter vacation courses , so she has been struggled with a lot of work and students .
I think , that may the reason she had the Sleep Paralysis last night .
In Korea , we call it ' Ka - Wee - Nool - Rim ' which means being pressed by ' Ka - wee ' ghost .
Yes , she actually felt as if someone was pressing down on her chest by hands .
Even she was not able to lift single finger tip as if she was turned into a stone statue .
She opened her eyes .
Then , she realized that four indistinct strangers were staring at her as standing just beside bed .
She was so scared and frightened .
She tried screaming and calling me who was sleeping peacefully beside at her .
But she could n't .
She could n't open mouth , say anything at all .
Even worse , two of them started whispering on her ears , die … die ..
Well , actually it did n't happen .
She just dreamed a terrible nightmare because I was not sleeping .
I was watching a YouTube clip by my iPad .
She reproached me for not awaking her up despite she had been calling me so eagerly .
But it is not true .
She had n't called me at all .
It was just a dream , very real like .
Most of those dreamers claim that it is like real .
They think they really opened eyes and awaken since it is too vivid and detailed .
Often they explains and describe the scene in detail like a cup on table , friends who watching TV beside them , room light and so on .
But nothing is real . They realize that no cup is on table , no one is at room , and the light is off .
Commonly , the dreamers say that they ;
- experience when they are so tired physically and so stressed .
- feel drowning down when they are about falling in sleep(so they know it will happen )
- feel a lot of press on body and can not move in dream .
- see someone or some people as standing beside or riding on them .
- feel the dream is so vivid and real .
- repeatedly dream again if they rarely awake themselves .
Some experience so easily and often .
Most scary case I heard is that the ghost pulled hair into under bed as stabbing chest with a sharp gimlet .
Luckily , I have never dreamed it .
Hi ! My name is Cátia and I am a student of electronic engeneering .
I am on third year at the university , I do n't know what will be the master than I go to make , but I want a master relationed with programming .
I have many difficulties in programming but I think that if I work hard I can to win my difficulties .
Now I am on Christmas holidays . I have to study so much .
On last days I and my group made some experiences for our project .
We used some resistors and a source of two hundred and thirty volts to control the temperature of water .
Initially , we had some problems because the resistors did not increase the temperature enough to warm the water .
The next week we go to prepare some material for to resolve this problems .
But I also have other tasks .
I want to make a review about my book about Nigeria and read another book about robbots and their mechanism .
I go to try read this books for to evoluate my english , because in the future I intend to make the first certificate .
This is very important for me because when I went for a company I will need a certificate ! ! !
Hi Jo !
How are you ? I have receive you letter in this moment .
I think that you can to come to my country when you want because I will help you .
In the first place , I think that you must look to internet . you would see diferents city of country and you can choose the best .
In my opinion , you must go to Madrid or Barcelona because its are more atractives .
Barcelona is big and there are a lot of indutries so there a lot of jobs .
Also , Madrid is a nice city , you can to find all things that you need .
In Madrid there are some jobs too and you will be near me .
Spanih 's food is fantastic , althouh there are a lot of restaurant for eat you and i think that the food is more expensive than your country .
If you do n't like spanish 's food you can go restaurant the other country , but i know you love it .
On the other hand , people is friendly as you know , because you know some spanish person .
you must come because I think that my country would you love it and i always help you .
I hope to come you here .
Take care
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He picked up the keys and came out fast the home .
By the time he was going down the stairs from the fourth floor his neighbour Mary stopped him .
Peter was very worried .
He needed to arrive at the Train Station on time .
Despite the urgency of taking the train on time .
He was kind and spoke with Mary .
The widow woman who was very nice gave a present for Peter .
The young Polish very grateful replied to the woman : " Thank you , it hasn't to make any present "
Mary smiled to Peter and said:"You are welcome , now , you have to enjoy your family .
Have a good journey " .
It was a pity for Peter to leave Bath , but he had to come back at its country .
Dear Jo
I 'm so glad you come to my country . I 'll give you some suggestions , hoping that you can have a wonderful summer vacation !
If you want a short - term job , I think a restaurant is the best one for you .
It not only offers high salary but also the employee there is kind .
You must can gain a great experience .
When it comes to travelling , you can never miss night markets .
At there , you can have a taste of cuisine from all around the world which will make you freshen up .
Moreover , once you have a bite on sausage , you must fall in love with it .
If you still have any questions , just call me .
I will help you as much I can .
Hope you can have a good time .
Best wishes ,
Paulina
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he has to do something immediatele .
He had forggoten to go to his English classes .
It was half past seven and her class begun fifteen minutes ago .
Last week her mother told her that he had to go to his classes if he wanted to hang out with his friends .
He already knew that he was late but he could not go now , so he decided to cheat her mother .
He did homework from his books so his mother might believe it .
But he did not realise something , His little brother was watching him througt the window .
When her mother came back from work , her little son told her what his brother had done .
She was very angry and she could not believe that her son did that .
After that Peter did not hang out for three months , so he can learn the lesson , You must not lie or cheat to your mother .
I think that the public transport always going to be so important in our life because not all the people have the possibility to buy a car because the public transport is more expensive than a car , so for that reason the public transport in the future could be exist , because public transport is a necesity in all the world not only for the money but too for the facility to take a bus or any other public transport
Yesterday I went to the Ulster Museum in Botanic Gardens at 2 pm .
I went to nature section , which is interesting as it is about natural aspects on earth like elements , rocks and periods of life related to organisms .
The section was big and it had a lot of information in a scientific manner , some section had complete information part while other had not .
Beginning in one of the complete parts that I preferred and liked I 'm going to write about the Ice age .
It was a period of time in earth 's history when temperatures fell globally , causing ice sheets and glaciers to form far from the north and south pole .
¿ What did you learn about debates ?
Mel , who was a teacher for young people .
Teach about a debates .
How be a good debaters .
He uses a rule for debates : preposition+ result = positive or negative ( Why )
Every debate has a hot spot .
Hot spot is a place where the debaters can explain the idea .
Hot spot helps to get more security .
Always infront on your public .
The result depend : security , volume in the voice , body posture and public .
The main idea is keep the body , take the mind .
The great debaters , have to believe in your idea .
Does n't matter the idea , only the arguments .
I do n't know is n't anwer .
An Important deal , is never quit .
Always fight if you want .
Debates is a combat
Peter has just got out by school and he realized that he 's overdue for his weekly guitar lesson .
But before the lesson , he has to lunch with his family and leading the dog from the veterinary for his annual vaccine .
Peter gets a fast lunch in ten minutes , other two minutes for finding the bike and putting the dog on the basket ; at the office of the veterinary three people wait , so Peter is forced to wait .
After an hour the dog is vaccined and taken at home , but her mother needs a milk bottle .
Unfortunately Anne , her sister , has just taken the bike , so he 's forced to walk until the nearest supermarket .
Peter 's mother needs a special kind of milk without lactose , and the market behind home does n't have it .
So Peter had to make a choice : going at the lesson or waiting his father for getting to take the milk with the car ?
After an exhausting afternoon , Peter has a bit of luck , infact his father Jack has just came back from the work , so he could get to take the milk and giving him a passage .
With a little delay , but Peter did it !
firstly , I want to introducude my self .
I am a young women with a melancoly 's character .
I am an introvert too .
I have many problem with my speaking skill .
if stay of the public and want to do presentation , I always get nervous .
I do nt know why , it 's always accur to me .
sometimes , I feels so stupid because I really ca n't speak in front of the public .
second .
I love bwrite but I not confidance with my grammar .
I do many mistake in every story I already right down . the wrong tense I used .
I call this mistake with " Du " .
Why " du ? " . yeah ..
because I love used this word .
I have no idea after this sentense .
An excessive amount of cars on the road is not an option as this could cause problems in most metropolitan areas .
There would be a tremendous amount of pollution and traffic jams .
As the population grows , you will an increasing problem .
Thereore , public transportation is the future and more and more people will be using the metro , publis buses etc .
Cars are not good .
They have pollution .
But they go fast .
Cars are red .
Choo choo pdajd
Sport is the activity that help the people at have an optimal physical .
I think that sport is important for discipline in life .
My favourite sport is football , it is a complete sport , there are aggression , mentality and fun .
my favourite football club is Napoli , it is the heart club , for this team I feel indescribable emotions ... when I see my team , I smile in moments of joy , I cry in moments of sadness and suffering and rejoice when they score and win the game .
i advice at all people that want start sport of they do begin , because this sport helps to grow and mature .
work in your own company is very challenging because you deal with a lot of areas , manage all departments and learn about busines , management , economics , sales , engineering , tecnical support and other skills .
you are responsible for your workers and the customer satisfaccion , However is very satisfying to see how your own company is grow up and your customers return again because they loved your job .
that work looks depressing , demanding and stressful but is very rewarding and if you like the challenges you never will bored
Dear Friend
hope you are fine , kindly be know that I miss you so much and I hope to see you soon .
I 'm very happy to know that you want to come to Egypt and work in it .
Here are some tips about the Egyptian people
they are so kind , friendly , stressed but have a lot of problems now days the level of poverty , standard of level , the fixed cost is increasing dramatically and the purchasing power is decreasing .
The salary or the income in Egypt does not match with this increase or this inflation .
So if you want to work in Egypt you must have a complete information about the job ( location , salary , incentives , Allowances , work environment , position titles , company type , policy , mission , vision )
With best Wishes
Sameh Sabbagh
Military service is people who is forced by the government be a part of the army to serve and protect the country .
There are many countries which should be complete the military service when people who reach 18 such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore .
The duration of the military service should be around 12 mouths to 20 mouths .
Also , there are different sections of training during the military service people generally do a lot of training to their obedience or how to use the weapons .
Thus , there is a cause of agreement and another cause of disagreement which is freedom of choice and mental maturity .
As this topic , the one of the reason of everyone should not have to complete the military service because the freedom of choice .
Some people may think it seem to be a human rights that let the people to choose if they want to join the military .
Otherwise , when the people are forced by the government , they probably feel the freedom of choice is restricted .
So some counties would not force the people to join military .
In contrast , it could be the benefit that improves their mental maturity .
If people join the military service when they just 18 , it may learn a lot of life skills as there are quite a high claim in the military and the chancellor who work in the military may request to the soldiers that everything frequently be regular .
For instance , they usually need them to fold up a quilt in a specified angle or there is specific time that you must wake up and get sleep .
People should not be complaining about anything even if they seem to be right .
But after a period of time , people could develop their obedience especially to the young people ; they will be likely to become a more independent person .
To conclude with both sides , there are reasons to effect by people should or should not have to complete military service .
However ; the effects may different which is base on how length of the duration .
Hi mum and dad
Today I had a trip to a museum and an art gallery with my school .
The museum and the art gallery located in the capital city .
The museum is huge and beautiful .
I really like antiques even though it is not much to look at .
The art gallery is nice too .
They have some paintings of Leonardo da Vinci which is really impress me .
My favourite part is listened to a guide introduce to panting art .
I ca n't wait to back home and tell you more about the trip .
Love from your son :) .
Thanh .
In my city , we have not a regular care for the environment .
There have been many projects to improve the caring of the environment .
But there is a big problem : the people 's culture .
In my country you can do a lot of efforts to take care of the environment , but the bad culture in our people is a great problem .
That is because we do n't demonstrate interest in the problems of others .
We think that our authorities are responsible for these themes .
Then , we do n't take positive actions , individually .
We just wait until others clean the streets .
The people put their rubbish in bags and threw it away near their houses .
They do n't spend money in a good container .
Then , the dogs can break the bags and eat the rubbish .
In this way the streets are always dirty .
In my case , I prefer to have a clean Street .
It does n't matter if I lose time putting the bags with rubbish in a good container .
If everyone 's demonstrate a better culture , it is possible to improve our environment .
Nowadays we grow up with the possibility of choosing a lot of sports .
This fact allows young people do exercise and enjoy at the same time .
Do team sports also help to meet other people and make new friends .
Favorite sport of many people is football , instead of my favorite is basketball .
I started to play it when I was twuelve years old and currently I still love this sport .
My main reason for love it is how you feel when play a match and finally your team win .
Also , I known great friends who play basketball .
Every sport focus on some parts of the body , however basketball is the most complete sport .
It is true that basketball require a lot of physical activity , but a good mental attitude is very important .
You ca n't be disappointed because you do n't get any point or have a bad day , due to the other players can sympathise with you .
If it happen , you will continue doing the best as you can .
To reach this , I recommend do exercise three times a week and follow a healthy diet .
Adolescent has always been the hardest part throughout anybody 's whole life ..
turning out in a fleeting glimpse into an adult , perceiving the other side of life , how tough and complicated it is , trying to deal with its different circumstances ..
at this point you merely have a brief look at your whole life , many questions spinning in your head , accusing yourself of being a lost cause , wishing if you could turn the clock back,,but it 's all no good ..
then you find yourself standing ahead clouds of reality , which sucks ..
life is stages , this stage of your life is timeless , no way out ..
at some point you wish if it was all illusio , you need a time machine makes it possible to go back in time when you could see the purity of life ..
However .. here you are completely different made of life lessons , preferring to make a stiff upper lip .. cowering in your own reality .
Yes , television entertains , but it can also educate .
Television can improve knowledge on current affairs .
Education does n't lie on current affairs or related concepts .
Television helps us to find the fields that interests us , like music , sports , movies or nature .
These days television allows us to see happenings all around the world .
However , there are quite a lot of disadvantages of television .
Especially , the fake news spreads faster without much effort .
It depends on the individual , how to make use of the opportunity .
Watching TV seems to be top on our list of things to do after a long hard days ' work with a hot cup of tea in dark winters .
TV were and are seen as entertainment channels , but have you ever questioned if they are more then just entertainment ?
Are we subconsciously educating ourselves ?
You ask how ?
Now that would be an interesting question , we can watch anything from news to cat fish the TV show , in the name of entertainment are actually learning .
The truth is we are always learning , but how we learn is another matter , there main type of learners are auditory , visual , and kinesthetic .
TV stimulates at two learning style which is visual and auditory .
Some may argue that TV just does not have sufficient content for us to be able to learn , other may argue that TV is an amazing source of learning . i.e we learn about new technology via a mobile phone advert air on TV .
We learn about social values , World news etc .
I have personally picked up information I would not have come accross other wise for example , I have be able to learn that new BMW seven series , has ambiance lighting , it can pull in and out of the garage at the touch of a button , it 's computerises system can read different road surfaces and adapt it 's drive .
so have you ever asked yourself Television entertains , but can it also educate .
The New Music
Blues , Rock n Roll , folk music were the basis for the new music .
1966 - 1967 the huge change takes place .
The 3 musics were even known in 1963 .
Every music express other feelings .
There were some people who started playing Rock songs .
And after this everybody started to change there type of music .
Electronic was born .
It made everything possible .
Than the music hanged to multi media .
And so changed the old music to the new music .
The circuit is characterised by long straights and chicanes which makes it possible to achieve high - speeds .
Drivers drive the cars with full throttle for over 75% of the lap , longer than the other circuits .
In my opinion riding at high - speed on the long straight can be cause overheating the cars engines and the can blow up .
The rugged kerbs can cause the suspension crack .
The falling leaves can be block driver 's view and block up the radiators .
I think cutting trees which around the circuit and undercutting kerbs can be reduce danger and technical problem on the track and we have to reduce long straights .
Global power and politics are now surprisingly centered to those , which have an apex maturity of science .
Addiction to authoritative nature over other makes a huge production of war weapons convert the blessing nature of science into critics .
Despite all of the assistance of science in daily life , it has not without criticism in different views .
Science replaces human labor into instrument , but what about happiness ?
There is no definition of happiness in scientism or how could it get through the scientific user manual .
Very often , it has criticized to change indigenous cultures into so - called luxurious development , contradictory to religious faith .
Science is concerned only with the information about the world whatever it is , and sometimes in unethical conclusion without considering the morality .
It occupies so pivotal a role in modern society and commands so much public money , should find itself subject to criticism from a variety of source .
But living 21st centaury , its difficult to blame science where we are benefited through its technological applications on everyday our life to an ever - great extent .
My country is pretty clean compared to the cities and countries that I know although there are a few pieces of paper or plastic on the streets , but residents have a great respect for nature .
In fact , they keep the woods clean and the owners sent the loggers to remove dead trees now or those that could lead to hazards , but every time you remove a tree , is immediately put a young plant so that the environment does not undergo changes that will lead out balance the system .
For waste management across the country , even in the countryside , they were placed the bins for recycling paper , plastic , glass and waste .
Three times a week garbage trucks pass to empty them , and once a week a garbage collector passes to clean up the streets .
Travelling by using any transport has become in one of our needs , in the past people used to take hours waiting for the public transport , now , we can afford any of those modern car at the agency .
The future of the public transport is fading away , you might ask why .
the main problem is the bad service , for example , the drivers are not careful enough to drive , that might be unsafe for the users .
another disadvantage is the unclean chairs in the transport .
Those are the main reasons that could make the public transport diseappear .
I consider the best option to buy a car so we can feel safe .
Firstly , it is a good idea for young children do physical activity that is the first step to do exercise , then to compete sports will make competitior to make an extra effort .
Also , just for young children that are in process of growth and development , physical exercise is essential to do it , because they can have a healthier life .
Young children try to effort , and wants to win at this age , and if they train results were better and encourages to keep training .
In psychic way , if you are adapated forms relations and create new friends .
In the future , adults that was able to obtain more achievements and make it more responsible , and you can have a good social life , if you competes doing sports .
In addition , stress is a clear disadvantage of compete because competitiors are trying to win and this can frustrates .
But , some people do not think this like this and take it more simply
Finally , I think that to compete in sports has some benefits and disadvantages , but when is controlated there are some benefits that help you to whole you life .
Dear sir / Madam ,
For upcoming enhancement , I would like to inform you that there was no longer the public transportation services since travel by car more convenient .
Therefore travel by car is ready by now .
Best regards ,
Penn
Shops in the town
Introduction
The aim of this report is to outline what are shopping facilities in our town and write some tips for tourists with different preferences .
Shopping facilities
Although our town is quite small , there are many variations of shops such as clothes shop , sport shops , toy shops or book shops .
Even though the shops is not large , there are remarkable goods , for example , nice running shoes or valuable books .
Possibility of the shops
All in all , the shops have a variety of goods , which can attract many tourists .
If you have a small kid , you will visit toy shops , which offer many cars and helicopters .
On the other hand , you can visit book shops whether you are pensioner and you have a lot of free time .
Conclusion
To sum up , I suppose our town offers many interesting shops .
Moreover , the goods is quite cheap .
Halloween is traditional holiday in USA but the original history came from Celtic people .
The immigrants came with this religious culture and along the time has became part of American culture .
Today this holiday is celebrated around the word and you can have fun with party or costume yourself .
The picture below illustrates how to make bank notes .
First is to design the note , including background color , artwork and security issues .
Second is to prepare mental plates as well as qulified machinists .
Then is printing with special ink .
When the one side is printed , raising the images slightly to make opposite to be colored .
Last is the key step , inspection .
It is of importance to inspect the printed sheets .
If the sheet is good or partialy damaged , it can be packed and delivered by veichals after cutted in to separate notes .
Otherwise , the sheets and notes would be abandoned and destroyed in the fire .
The issue of weather there is no future for public transport is a topic that has cased an on going argument . in my topic i intent to discuss to contravening view piont in more depth .
firstly , some people believe that public transport is a significant part in our live and its more difficult to rely on our cars only .
Hi my name is Chai , i 'm from Thailand , I try to write an article to improve my writing skill and hope this program can help me .
My favorite way to travel is the Plane because I like to be fast and in my life , I hate a wait in my opinion the plane is the best for me for example when you want to go somewhere you need to reach there so quick , you do n't need to take time and The plane is the best travelling in the world that the best safer than other way , you can see on the pollution of people who got an accident , how often an accident happen by the plane so anyway if it 's happen , i ca n't imagine it , Eventually I wish everyone who like to travel is safe and sound and safe journey .
First of all Television has less viewers now days .
Most of the people turn to the Internet website or applications like Netflix or Youtube .
Now let 's go back to those days when young people still watch television for entertainment .
There were a lot of programs on television .
Most of the people watched news , movies , or tv shows on television .
Also there was a lot of different channel that we chose .
As I remember there were educational channel like Discovery and National Geography .
Those channel always content a lot of new technology .
For some people may think that only these kind of channel can provide educational knowledge and for some people they do n't consider watching these channel as entertainment .
For these kinds of channel are both entertainment and educational .
But I wo n't opine that these are the only channels that can provide knowledge .
All kinds of shows can give you all kinds of different knowledge even when you watch movies .
But of course there will be some channel that is not suitable for child under 18 or just for adult .
As I think there is no channel that you ca n't learn form it .
All kinds of programs have something that you can think about just depend on how you look at it .
So television entertains , but can it also educate ?
Yes of course but only when you look at it as a way you wanna learn something .
My studies in tecnologico de Monterrey are demanding and challenging because it has a very high educative score all worldwide , but also has to many good things , for example we have a lot of interchanges all around the world , when you have the opportunity to do an interchange you have to deal with the language and the culture with the other country , that means you have to be responsible for studying the basics things of that country , but all of this is worthwhile because when you are there you have so much fun .
I think that a complete sport is to swim for most of the people .
It 's good for health and wellness .
I really enjoy because give me a lot of relax and it help me to be tonic and satisfied myself .
Usually I go three times a week and during the weekend .
I advice peolpe to start this sport , because is completely and make you mind with the body feel very good .
When I was fourteen years old , I win the championchip because in that period I swam as agonistic atlet .
It had been a really satisfation and I had been happy .
Nowadays I 'm really grateful to my parents because they have spent money for me and I have to thanks them .
I think this sport is the most completely compared to the other sports .
Your muscles begin more efficient and tonic and you have a lot of benefits for the body .
To : International organisation
From : Dimitris Barberis
Subject : Our green town
Introduction
The aim of the report is to write how are town take care of the environment .
I do a research and this are findings .
Rubbish
We have a lot of bins around the area , so now we can throw our litters whenever we are .
Also we have recycle bins for paper and glass .
Cleaners
Every Saturday our local cleaning team clean the park and now everyone can enjoy it !
Conclusion
We do everything to make our town more green , our citizens always have new ideas that make the difference of our daily life .
It is common that more and more people get overweight , caused by too much fastfood and unhealthy lifestyle .
Now some scientists have suggest to having warnings on some types of food and drink .
But is this idea a way to reduce the bad habit of consume noxious foodstuff ?
On the one hand I ca n't imagine that a little scine on the food people entrap to stop their shopping and read the warnings .
Life is fast moving and time is money .
Everything has to happen fast .
First of all , we need to make people aware of the current environmental situation in order to do activities that help the environment .
To begin with , we have to try to use as little as possible the car or the bus and try to get at any place walking or by bicycle .
This action would decrease the gas emitted to the environment .
In addition , the water issue is another big problem .
Nowadays , people is wasting water instead of saving it .
One basic solution for this point is try to not take a shower for so much time but taking it with a bucket and a few minutes .
Another solution is to not waste water while we are washing dishes .
We should use another bucket for this task .
Talking about rubbish , it is very important to separate it in the following types : metal , plastic , organic , glass and cardboard in order to make the collection task easy for the dustman .
However , we also have to try to not create more rubbish recycling most of them .
For example , the organic rubbish can be used as fertilizer , the metal scrap can be taken to the melting factory as well as the glass .
Therefore , the environment is not going to recover if we do not decide to take our part in this global problem .
Paxton had arrived at Seaburght to in Hotel .
There be Long and the writer ...
One night Paxton was speaking them about the crown that had spoken with an old man ( Bob Cartes ) and said to him to about the family Agers who protected the crown .
But one them had dead a little while ago and he was who protected the crown .
Paxton goes to the house de Williams Agers y find the crown in the hill .
But Long and The Writer helped to again the crown bury because the shadow him was following .
An day in the morning Paxton waited to Long y the writer , but he listened that called him suddenly he goes for the beach and is killed for the shadow
Public transport is and always will be very important for society .
As we 've seen these days that the amount of cars is increasing so much every year .
As a consequence of an increasing in number of private cars .
Governments around the world have talking a lot about the measures should be taken to improve public transport quality .
No doubts travelling by car is pretty much better than go by public bus .
although Louis felt nervous , she realised this was the opportunity of a lifetime .
I was manager at retail store .
Everyday work stressed me and by the end of my shift I get so tired .
I decided to go back to school .
The program I start at school was very tough for me , because my slow English writing .
I do not have very good english writing skill .
My grammar and spellings are week .
I am struggling in school .
I am trying my best hope I will pass my course and get a good job .
Hi Jo !
I 'm really sorry , you ca n't come over because my father is at the hospital for 14 days .
But in 3 weeks I 'm free .
When do you want to come ?
Write to me soon , please .
Mireia
The future transport is the public , because the traffic it will be less .
When the people travel by car is for work , holidays or for other motive .
We should use the less car , it is very pollutant .
I will start with old transport , if we did n't make any maintenance this type will be damaged and lose it .
In the future , every person will use his car and no need for public transport.this type of transport have a path and just take you for specific places and you ca n't use it to go to small streets .
But in some country , You can use underground ( metro ) , it is very advanced than old types like Bus or Taxi , The underground is faster and clean and arranged .
About pollution , it is a big issue in public transport , with time if you try to fix the machine of public transport that will be coste , because with time the live age of this machine will finish .
Michael is a man of 22 years , he has studied the career of electricity engenieer and now he wants to put into practice his knowledge .
He went to buy a newspaper to search for a job , he was looking all the advertisements but he never found the one he nedded .
Michael though that it was time to do something .
He could not be at home all day doing such nothing so he started to look for another job that would be suitable for him .
When he was a kid he wanted to work in a videogames shop so for his good luck it was available a job at Play Station store .
Of course he does not think twice and go for print his curriculum because the interview was that day , then he took a shower and dress for the occasion .
He prepared something to eat fast , brushed his teeth , he just took his mobile , keys and money but he had n't noticed that he was forgetting of his curriculum .
However , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My favourite sport is soccer .
It is an interesting activity!There is Fifa world cup too !
There are some soccer stars like Messi , Neymar , Ronaldo ...... Soccer can make you healthier .
There are soccer lessons .I have joined the lesson .
First , the teacher will train us soccer technique .
Next , we will have a soccer competition .
But we will break our legs .
We need to be careful .
Soccer is an interesting sport but we need to be careful .
My father is 73 years old , his name is Brahim .
He is tall and smart he looks like a movie star .
My father has many hobbies , he plays foot ball , reads newspaper and listens to Radio .
In my opinion , family is more important than friends , but probably I spent more time with my friends than family . I know if I need something my family is always there .
The difficult is that you rarely know if your best friend is a true friend .
Unfortunately , my best friend deceived me , I do n't know how she managed but she hurts me .
My cousins are very reliable like my grandmother and my parents .
The family has a link blood therefore you have a natural empathy .
For all rules have exceptions .
I do n't trust in some members of my family and I have friends like brothers .
You need to discovered who is your best friends . Lifelong you will learn who is who .
For me , my best friends are in my family , except one .
She
grown up with me and now she is my sister too .
My city is Jaén it 's in the east of Andalucia and is an important cross ways between the south and center os Spain .
So an important historical place is the St. Katherine 's castle .
This is an old castle of 10th century and the style is Arabian .
It 's over a high hill with difficult slopes to arrive because the most important property is it impregnable .
In the reconquest age the stronghold never downfall with a direct assault , finally the Castellan 's army after a large siege force to the government surrender it .
Then in the 18th century the Napoleonic army lived in it until the end of independence Spanish war .
The French army before came back to France destroyed it .
Actually the castle has been restored and has a historic museum , also have a great hotel with four stars for tourists .
I like this place because I can enjoy a good views to my city .
I prepare class every day .
I try to do all the activities in class .
I do n't have enough time to practise and do activities at home .
I need to speak and participate more in class .
We speak most of the time , so it is good to develop our confidence and fluency to converse .
plane , train , and boat are the ways to travel .
I think the boat is the best way to travel and I have three reasons for my idea .
First of all , boat moves across the sea and the sea is very beautiful .
For instance , when we move on the sea , we can see many types of animals , such as birds , turtles , and fishes .
Next , the boat usually is very big , so we can do many activities on it , such as dancing , drinking .
Finally , It is the safest way for travel , because we do not have many dangers , such as crashing , falling any other kinds of danger in the sea .
Therefore , I prefer the boat to travel , instead of the train or the plane .
All in all , travel in the sea with a boat can be very interesting and comfortable , in addition , it is very safety .
I advise you to travel by boat if you have enough money for it .
Have you ever practised rafting?Do you know how amazing is to do this cool sport?If you do n't know nothing about it , it 's high time to do it !
I had n't never heard about doing rafting until my best friend , Carmen , told me whether I wanted to have a whale of a time with her and I accepted it .
Therefore , we went to join in a sports centre which take over organising this stunning outdoor activity .
Rafting get you burn all your adrenaline whereas you try to get down over the river in a mini - boat .
It 's extremely exciting !
In addition , you 'll enjoy a breathtaking landscapes around you and you 'll also see a vast range of wildlife in both sides of the river .
Nevertheless , I would recommend you to wear appropriate clothes and to bring protection cream with you .
In contrast , you could suffer some nasty cuts or , even though , being sunburnst .
Let 's go !
Do not hesitate taking up rafting !
You wo n't regret !
My life now
In my life I have had a big experiences that have made me change and mature .
One of the most important experience I think was coming to study to Tijuana .
It was a really challenge for me to live alone .
Before I came here I was so dependent of my parents and I had a lot of fear , but I learned to overcome all the things that stopped me .
When I was child I used to live in Tijuana .
I was born here .
When I had 4 years I went to live to Ensenada because my father worked there .
I was used to living with my whole family in Ensenada .
Since I was born to my 18 years old I was living whit them , but now I live in a small apartment .
I am studying Nutrition at the University , that is why I am living in Tijuana .
I used to live in assistent house it was my first place where I lived in Tijuana , then I changed to an aparment with two friends .
All weekends I used going to Ensenada for visiting my family , my boyfriend and my fiends .
Before I came to live to Tijuana , I was really nervous because I had to leave everything and because it would be a change in my life .
For summit , came to live to Tijuana was a really challenged for me .
I learned that you need to face your fears , to achieve your goals .
I do not regret what I did because I do what I like .
Now I am so independent and I learned how to live alone .
I live in a small village on countryside with few people .
Even if we are a country , we take care of the environment through the use of photovoltaic systems on roofs of many houses , such as the nursery school and other houses that have this systems to produce energy .
We separated paper from glass and also to plastic .
The garbage picks up paper once a week , plastic two times at month and undiferretiated three times a week to all people who live in my country .
My district makes clean my village and it usually tries to make attractive with new social initiatives for the community .
All people of the world have friends , I 'm not an exception .
When I was 10 years old I met my best friend .
We 're friends since we start to talk , but our friendship has change over the time .
When we were 12 we played in the garden with the balls and with the other boys and girls , but when we were 12 years everything changes we do n't want to play in the garden because we preferred cinema or watching TV .
Because of age changing we did n't see us , but in the moment that we grew up more , we met us the weekends and sometimes we 're upset about some problems that we had .
With the time we are more friends .
Now , we discuss sometimes but we love us because he always stay together in the good moments to take a coffee or talk about our lives , but he also stay in the bad moments , despite being friends since we were 10 years old .
For this reason I think that friendship is so important thing in the life .
I think the opposite , I believe that public transportation has a really huge future .
It is true that we are a lot of users that want to use the car but , and that amount is growing up ; as well there are a lot of people that do n't have the posibility to have a car and some use the public transportation because many reasons like the price , because it is easier to get to the place by public transportation rather than car , because the traffic , some times for people it is so exhausting to drive lots of hours an even some times the public transportation is faster .
The population is growing up so fast , we need public transportation , is important .
Public Transportation is convenient for some people and some people think is more convenient the car , finally we will need public transportation on the future .
In our opinion globalization is a good thing that happen to us , allow us to interact with all the world , so we can meet the cultures , monuments , etc .
It bring us a lot of opportunities to change and in some cases to get a better life in other countries like find a job with the highest salary .
Although we need to change some things in the world , more than these is to change a lot of things in the third world countries , because it is not acceptable that in the twenty - first century a person live with less than a dollar per day .
Dear Molly ,
I 'm writing of my summer job at the Cinema .
it was very beautiful , because I can see much films free and I meet all the young people of my country .
In the morning I walk around the cinema and the most important place of my country and I talk about the films that the people can watch .
they do more questions and I very funny for this .
I could n't buy the tickets of the film 's cinema but I could do more discount all my friends !
I hope that you are funny like me .
They pay me a lot of money and I can buy a lot of dress , jeans , shoes , book and make - up .
I see the new film of Disney " Inside out " and I eat much pop corn !
I cry a lot for this film but it 's very important for me because I love disney 's film .
I do n't lose anyone !
hoping for your answer
I love you
Marta
First at all , this is a report that will explain how the village of Vancouver is handle their rubbish material .
Firstly , the city of Vancouver has a programme called go green Vancouver that it will protect the environment selecting the rubbish by containers at the same time there is a collaboration from the city hall of any district that it will provided a 3 containers for each house one for papers one for bottles y the last one for rubbish materials .
Secondly , there is a programme with the water company to cut on spends of the water by 50 % using a recycle water treatment and recirculating to the house without dumping the wasten and saving our planet .
Finally , every city hall is improving the care of the environment because there is an incentive programmes from the goverment like if they cut the spends of every house by 50 % city halls get more money from the central government .
I strongly believe that grammar is not the most important element to speak English , if you know grammar you only know certain rules to write , but I think that speaking is most important than writing , because when you go to anyplace in the world , you have to be prepared to talk and understand whatever they say to you ; in this part you may notice that if you do n't know vocabulary , you would n't unsderstand anything ; but here is another topic , whether you understand or not , you have to notice the way that people talk to you , and try to realize what the person is trying to say .
According to your e - mail , we discovered the price should be USD 122 instead of 222 .
Please be advised that the right amount on the settlement date .
Awaiting for your amendment as soon as possible .
Ride bicycle is my favourite sport .
It helps me healthy .
It leep me positive mood .
I can seen much scenery in short times . I can buy goods along the road .
Buy a good bike is the first when you start to ride .
Once or twice on a week to ride .
It can Avoid catch cold .
It is clear that technology has provided us with several options in communication .
Perhaps the clearest example of this is that unlike the past , it is not necessary to buy envelops and stamps to send the letter .
Instead , people prefer to email or text to send messages .
Another way this change is evident is that social networking or applications such as Skype , FaceTime and Facebook are widely used to stay in touch with their family , friends and relatives
My favourite sport is basketball .
This sport is very easy to play .
You need to play it on team .
You need to have ability to play it .
This sport is about you catch the ball and score .
You do exercise to be strong and have ability in your legs and your hands .
I enojoy this because I like it .
I love this sport .
In some cases you could have an accidents , but that 's not probably .
When I 'm playing this sport I have a great moments and I learn more and I will have more experience in a future .
It does n't difficult and you can start to play .
All the people can do this sport .
Basketball is recognize to people in the world .
By Emma Aguirre Fuentes
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to apply for the job advertised on your webpage .
I see myself as a perfect candidate for this positiona .
I have already been on camps before .
Yours faithfully
Mary Pink
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to apply for the job in summer camp advertised on February 9th on local newspaper .
I have worked for last 10 year as a teacher in junior school .
Now I want to utilize my summer to help children in different activity .
I have experience of arranging different sports activity for children .
I am very good in cooking as well , so I think I can be helpful in the kitchen also . I am confident that My profile makes me very suitable candidate for the summer camp .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours sincerely
John Alder
The members of my family are my best friends .
Because we spend a lot of time together .
And there is a good communication between us .
In my opinion , every family must have a good communication . Because I think , communication is one of the most important things in our life .
We use communication every time .
Because people have to use many communication techniques to communicate with other people .
However , the families that haven't a good communication haven't a good life .
If we want to have a good life , we must make good communication in our families
Hi !
My name is Anton .
I live in the one of the most beautiful countries - Ukrane .
When I was at school my friends and I attended unior swimming school .
I was 30 years before .
I used to have training twice a week .
I liked that time a lot .
My friend and I always had ice creame and fun after training .
Now I 'm a business analyst .
I work at office and have no ideas where are my friends .
This year I decided to star visiting pool and swim up to three times a week .
Now , when I swim at the open pool , I am overfilled by positive emotions .
I like swimming a lot .
Nowadays the obtion of broaden the ming traveling is very commun .
In my opinion I think that it is not the only way but it is the best way .
Apart from that you see new places and you have fun , you also lern others cultures , historicals facts , you also lern to respect others peoples and thirs costums .
In addition you do n't think in yours problems and the only thnig that you do is have fun and do what you whant to do .
Besides you see new world and thirs form of lives and that helps to open you mind , see the world in other way .
In conclussion I think that it is the best way to opemn your mindn not the only way but yes the best way .
many countries are truly started to concern no environment and worried about the globe warming , In schools teachers are doing their best to educate children how to take care of their schools and keep them tidy , also they train them how to plant trees in public gardens of their towns ,
Although government strict so many laws and taxes in the people how do not pay their taxes to the council for cleaning of the rubbish from towns and villages , in the biggest polluted city in the world people started to use bicycles and cycling instead of driving their cars to reduce the pollution of their city , also they invented different ways to plant even every little area which can be planted to keep their city clean and attractive .
First of all , I disagree with that statement , because of these reasons I am about to give .
Once we stop using Public transport , it is going to causes problems .
For example , if we completely relaying to use cars it is going to increase the gasoline uses .
Apparently it is going to make more pollution more global warming issue .
How ever , using cars makes the life easier but when everyone or every house they will own at least three cars it is too much .
Although the traffic jams the accidents etc .. .
public transport it is really important and it has a lot of advantages for helping humanity .
In my opinion every country they should have different kind of public transport
buses , subways , and trains .
For instance San Francisco it is a great example for incredible city , the variety of choices in the public transport it is remarkable .
In spite of the cost of these facilities it is going be expensive but it is necessary .
In conclusion , The governments should work on that because the people need the public transport and the world for the environment , life expanses it is much cheaper than having a car .
I hope to see it around the world , public trans port something we can not avoid or replace with another thing .
In the future , public transport will disappear .
Everyone will have his own car .
Cars will be safer and speeder than now .
Traveling by car will be the best suitable
way to move from place to another .
Recommend to friends what country we have to go .
I would like to recoomand friends to visit Italy .
first of all , nowadays wherever we go we can find Italian restaurant easily .
There are a lot of food all over the world .
but I think Italian restaurant is getting famous .
Second , beautiful tourist places like a Venice .
I have been to Italy when I was 20 .
It was awesome .
There is no word to explain .
Venice is city that is based on water .
There are no car , no metro in Venice .
On the other hand it could be complicated . but nobody complaint .
I think that 's why this city can maintain the safe environment .
Third , Italy is famous for fashion .
It brings many fashionable people .
if you are person who love fashion you will enjoy going there .
The last thing is history .
This country has a lot of history .
so it makes me exciting .
so if you want to visit any country i 'm going to recoomend to Italy .
The biggest anecdote , that I have with my friend , was our trip to Disney world .
Where we could visit all the parks of Disney , like Animal Kingdom , Hollywood studios and Magic kingdom .
In adittion we could visit others parks , like Universal and Bush Garden .
But this is not the end of our trip , we went on a voyage in a Royal Caribean cruise , where all the food and drink was free , because it was also paid .
During the voyage , we disembarked in the Bahamas and CoCo kay , which is a private island of the cruise , we went to the beach and played so many games .
To sum up , this trip was the best experience we have in our lives , because we make friends , visit a new country and we have a lot of fun .
All about me
My name is Laura .
I 'm thirteen years old and live in Stocksund with my two families ( they all do n't live in the same house ) .
I have one twin sister , one little sister and one little brother .
I have a dog named Atlas and he is an Berner Sennen/ Landser .
He is four years old ( the same age as my little brother ) .
I love horses and I 'm practising horse riding at Djursholms ridklubb .
I 'm taking care of a horse called Lady .
My grandpa lives in Spain with my step grandma but she is like my grandma .
My step mother 's mom is also like my grandma .
I do n't like spiders and shoots .
I went to a awesome concert of points of view and I know that I look forward to telling you how it was .
But let me tell you it was a concert that the performed Lala Band and I have taken and I especially , I was the cameraman .
It was an excellent night .
The concert was evening began at 20:00 and came a lot of persoane .
We were all excited , those from Lala Band minunate .
Their voices have positive vibration through their musical and give you a good feeling .
On the scene moves very well and know how to take pleasure to the public .
I am feeling wonderful and my promise is that when going to have a special occasion to go to a concert supported by Lala Band , you will be with me .
As like this in all my heart .
I hope as those recounted by me in this mail and you feel a slight vibration from the concert .
Hi Emma ,
are you busy now ?
i heard that you so really have many of work activities now .
Yesterday I watch fast to furious at the cinema .
You know that I love action film like this .
During watching the film , I imagine if I am be the fiance of Adam .
OMG , I can stop imagine until now .
the main character is so cool , charismatic , and patient .
You must watch it too , because your favorite actor also in this film .
He is in secondary actor , but I really sure you will have imagine as liar as me too .
Why are so many cool man in this world .
xoxo
The latest exciting movie that I am looking forward to is " Get hard " movie starting kevin heart and will Ferrell .
This is movie is based on racial humor .
A white man racially profiles a black man .
Kevin heart is in a difficult situation because his nothing at all what this man expect him to be but he plays the role anyway .
The movie is already a success opening the box office with $ 36 million endorsement .
I am very excited to see kevin heart and will Ferrell characters come together .
They seem to have great chemistry between them .
I think if you 're a comedy fan you will be excited to see the movie and even if you 're not the movie is a must see .
Dear Sir Summer Camp ,
I am writing to apply for the Summer Camp Job .
My name is Filipa and I am sure that I am the perfect person for this job .
I am used to children , I have two sisters with 9 and 11 Years old and I take care of them all the time .
I am not used to cook to this number of people but I am a hard worker and I am a fast learner , so I am certain that I will be in a great help for you this summer .
I hope that you consider my application and contact me for the job .
Best regards ,
Filipa
Dear Sir ,
I 'm writing on behalf of Mrs Renata Barczak .
30th October works for Renata to meet in Berlin .
I checked connection between Warsaw and Berlin and she might be at 11.10 at Berlin Ostbf station .
Is it possible to arrange a meeting near this station ?
I think in future is n't necessary to use the public transport and why ?
Simple , the new generation decided do take your driving licence and I saw this around me , my colleagues , my friends , my family .
It 's just a question of time when everybody will have a car .
This afirmation : travelling by car is so much more convenient say everything , for example if we think a lot of time we spent on wait bus to arrive our destiny , the traffic is a lot of things that everyone prefer buy car it more practical and fast .
Do n't forget the cust .
In my opinion the price of the ticket on bus is expensive .
Every year the price of public transport turn it up .
We can stop and do a mental arithmetic and we can see a lot of many we spend one year .
If we have a car I believe we do n't spend much money .
It 's just my opinion because this is my life so I now what I am talking about .
Every months a buy my pass for use on the bus .
I am part of the new generation where in future use car and the public transport are disappear .
Hi Isabel ,
How are you ?
Where are you from ?
I 'm from Italy , I live in Varese a beautiful town not far from Milan in Lombardia .
Varese has many attractions between which the lake , where I like to stay .
My favourite place in the town is Estensi gardens , where I go to walk with my friends during the afternoon .
Michael is a nice boy but one day he met Julia .
Julia is a pretty girl .
They spent time together and were very happy .
But Michael sometimes has problem .
He is proud , it 's not a good way .
On Saturday they fighted and Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
public transport is important for anyone .
The people should walk more than before .
That makes them healthy .
Nowadays , many accident happened when they were driving their car .
They are going to travel around all over the world by plane .
the young people feel happy more .
In the argument , the author asserted that the city should prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza .
The author claimed that the business dropping causes by the increasing number of skateboarded users .
Likewise , the skateboarded users brought numerous garbage that affects the stores in the plaza .
Based on author 's two concern , the statement that drew a conclusion to prohibit skateboarding in Central Plaza is not a thoughtful and wise decision .
First of all , it is a contradiction in the argument .
If more skateboarded users are willing to go to Central Plaza , there are more customers to help the growth of business .
It is against author 's assertion .
From this point view , the decreasing of business should cause by other factors , but not skateboarded users .
However , there are many reasons can cause the business dropping .
Probably , the stores are too old in Central Plaza which could not attract customers walk into , and have to renovate .
Furthermore , the produce sales in the stores that could n't fit customers ' need .
Those above reasons could influence the business in Central Plaza directly .
Second , author claimed that the sanitation problem caused by skateboarded users is not only happen by specific person , whenever more customers should bring more waste and wrongdoing .
Those problems appeal that there are not sufficient securities in Central Plaza .
Moreover , the problem would case by skateboarding immediately is the skateboarded users take over pedestrian walking space .
To solve this problem , the city should set up more space and facilities for skateboarding , and divide the different space for walking and skateboarding .
To sum it up , the author 's prediction wo n't happen if the city prohibits skateboarding .
In contact author 's concerns , the increasing skateboarded users would bring more potential to improve the business in Central Plaza .
On the other hand , the author should provide profound discussion why people come to Central Plaza do n't shop there .
The condition of the stores and safety are two crucial factors to affect the business in the plaza .
To strengthen author 's conclusion , the author should put the factors above in the argument .
I have big family consists of three sisters and one brother .
but when comparing my family with my father 's family .
I do n't feel that . because he has five sisters and three brother .
when my sisters are married they have one or tow children at most .I think the Egyption family became simller with the passage of time
The cocaine it 's the most dangerous addiction .
Firstly , cocaine damage your senses and your mind , if you consume cocaine , you wo n't sleep this day .
Secondly , it 's so addictive , because the body need more and more , so if you consumed cocaine , you would leave because you 'll an addict .
Finally , the consecuense of cocaine are the dead , if you sniff all the time cocaine or a lot , you die early .
In conclusion , cocaine it 's the most dangerous addiction , because you die early and your body it 's destroyed with the cocaine .
Oh , cool ! I haven't watched BH6 yet u.u
Yeah , fist time is ok .
But if you want I see some work in special , feel free to show me via note or mention ^^
There is an increasing trend of personal transport so that public transport will be reduced in the future .
ultimately public transport would be negligible in future .
there are so many reasons that could be affected to public transport system .
the main one is , nowadays people are dead busy with their day to day life so that they do n't like to spend their valuable time for waiting on the way for the regular transport . also public transport is experienced lots of pollution which is harmful for human being .
for example , lunch time travelling is very dangerous for pregnant women due to emission of carbon mono oxide which is effected to red blood cells and irritate to breathing system . as a result , they prefer personal transport system for prevent from such hazards .
finally public transport system is not safe as always .
to illustrate , If teenage girls travel by public transport every day who will interact with society beyond the limitation.so it is a big challenge to them .
To who ever it goes ,
I am writing this e - mail because we want to hire your company to do the accounting of our company .
Principally , we need to have the Financial States , so we need them as fast as you can because if not we would have legal problems .
I would like to know if you can give us those services and in what time you l have them .
Also if it is the case I would like to arrange meeting to give you all the documents you need .
I am expecting your answer .
Sincerely , Tania Amado .
Dear friends ,
Thank you for the weekend .
We really enjoy it !
Their new house near the beach is very nice .
We enjoyed to swim in the sea , had a sunbathe , had a barbacue and saw sunset .
For next time we invite you to our woodhouse .
We hope to see you soon !
Best wishes !
The graph shows the seasonal sales of ice - cream in two places - one is from an ice - cream while the other is in an indoor public swimming pool , from 2012 to 2014 .
The line which represent the indoor swimming pool remain fairly steady , from approximately 1800 to 2500,the period of every year from April to June and October to December own the highest outstanding achievement , whilst the sale is downwards overall .
However , compared to the line of indoor swimming pool , the difference of seasonal achievement of ice cream van is considerably large .
Overall , the achievement of ice cream van is better than the indoor swimming pool , from about 1100 to 5500 .
The best season to sale the ice cream from the van is autumn , while that is one of the worst season for indoor swimming pool .
The discrepancy of these two place is large .
The best sale achievement of the van is 4500,5000,5500respectively .
One day many years ago in something place that a do n't remember the name I woke up one morning more earlier than usual then I went to the kitchen and shout the name of my mother ... but no one answered , and the first thing that I imagine is that they come to the town , quickly I went out to find they ...
But there was no one , absolutely no one , I 'm scary , I yell and scream , look and look but I had no result
Suddenly I felt a warm hand that touched my shoulder and very slowly turn but the only thing I saw was a shadow that was holding a knife
I woke up and realised it had all been a bad dream
Recently when I was in youtube I saw a movie trailer , the film appeared so good and days later my friends told me if I wanted to go them to the cinema , so I decided to go and luckily they had decided to see the film that days before I had seen .
The film is a romantic movie , It is talking about one man , Noa , who lives in a small shore town when he felt in love with a rich girl , but like always the girl 's parents did not like Noa 's life because the girl 's father thinks that Noa is not enough good for their daughter .
And at the end of the summer the girl went out but next year she comes again , but this time she has boyfriend and this break Noa 's heart .
What Noa does not knows is that she was in love with him since the first time that she saw him .
The first of all I should say that I like a lot of kinds of sports .
One of my favourite types of sport is swimming .
I swim from childhood . I feel enjoy while I am swimming .
Swimming develop all types of muscles .
You can swim during all year in the swimming pool , sea , rivers and so on .
Advice for everyone who starts swim is feel enjoy while you swimming .
Thank you for your attention !
With the rising prices for the public transport in London , commuters are choosing using their cars more and more .
Public transport was create to release the traffic in big town centres and also to facilitate workers commute .
Nowadays trains and buses are usually packed and the ticket fares are very expensive .
I particularly decided to drive to do my day to day tasks such as , shopping , visiting friends , church and so on .
To whom may it concern :
I came upon your ad on the newspaper and I wish to apply for the job .
I 'm a great people person and have a great knowledge on computers , organising activities for children and also I 'm a Jr. chef .
I hope you can grant me the opportunity to have a meeting .
Sincerely yours .
Mario Monteagudo
What a nice poem , at least mention the name of a proficient poet too .
I am also hopeful to meet the group of old friends once again to revive the wonderful and unforgettable common memories of student life .
Tell me what has happened at our first meeting ?
If it is unspeakably for public readings , thus mention in the email .
Thanks for your good wishes as well .
Hi my name is Robert .
My favourite sport is basketball .
I really like this sport .
I was 7 years old when I played first time .
My first match was when I have been in school .
Our team won this match .
We were happy with this .
My advice for someone who want to play this game , you do n't have to be tall or fast , when you play you have to think a lot .
I enjoy this game because the most important thing is team work , you have to understand each other .
It 's really important to be tall because you will score point faster and better .
My favourite player is Marcin Gortat .
He is Polish basketball player .
He is really tall hi have 202 centimeters .
My story with basketball were very short .
I ca n't give you to many advice but one thing I know , a team work the most important thing in this game .
To begin , all is very difficult here .
First place , my country 's politics is bad , and people have not work .
In second place , there are very important people , and they want to have a lot of money .
Young people want to find a good job here , but they are working in mc donal 's or burguer king for a low salary .
If you want to work here , you must know languages , for example : English , French or German .
You must be a person in charge and worker , and you be able to find a good work .
My family have a company , and if you want , you going to work with them .
I wish as lot of luck you , here .
If you have problems , you can call me ! !
I wait for your call .
Television is an essential part in our life , we turn it on nearly everyday , since it can make life more interseting .
Television entertains us , it can also educate .
There are two pionts to approve it .
For one , the show played on television may enlight us and give us some enlightenment .
Teleplay are not just for fun , it can have a deep meaning , short story tells big deal , just like a useful book .
So , why not television can not educate us ?
For another , there are many different types of programs , which can broaden our eyes , they give details of education , plus other meaningful information , such as documentaries , talk show and so on .
These programs are not just for killing the time , but for educating .
Television is just like a kaleidoscope , there are various materials provided for us .
To sum up , television entertains , it ca also educate .
Syria has a lot of good restaurants .
The Damascus restaurant at the centre of the city is quite a nice place to have a meal .
It has all kinds of food even the really fancy ones .
You can enjoy having your breakfast there with your family because they have too many types of food .
This restaurant also has games for children which they can spend their time playing it .
It also includes a huge parking so you can park your own car freely .
At Friday they serve special food for those who do n't have enough money to pay .
It 's a very nice restaurant which I prefer the most
Invention of car has made people 's lives easier .
No more they have to solely depend on public transport .
Though public transport are cheaper and one could get to know many companions , increase network .
But public transport has fixed schedule and on a rushing day not many can really enjoy their journey .
Public transport ca n't help when one has to travel suddenly or to go somewhere where it does n't pass through .
Those times car is convenient to use .
Ever increasing crowd in cities and thereby traffic problems are increasing .
The home of the future .
In present times the houses is very different , but in the future houses will be
perhaps the same .
The future houses will be different not from architecture , but the functionality .
Different people will be needed different functions , options and functionality of the future house .
This will be like in ancient times , but in the past the houses was the same all round .
Progress of the technique is very fast .
From : horses , steam vehicle , first petrol and gas car to future cars when the drive will be electricty .
The last film I saw was " The Enormous Island " so I am going to review it for the students film club .
The film that I selected is starring by Scarlett Johansson and Brad Pitt .
The film was produced in 2010 by the well know director Stanley Kubrick .
The story tell us the story of Monica(Scarlett Johansson ) and her routine living in " Cretacro " an enormous mysterious island located in the Pacific Ocean , the problem starts when Monica fell in love with Martin .
Martin was a solitary and quiet guy who moved to Cretacro to relax but he change when he met Monica in the principal restaurant
I work for a coffee shop in center city .
One of my main responsible for preparing something by 7.30 am so I get up at 6 every morning and I leave home for work at 6.45 am .
I finish word at about 5 pm .
After going to learn English class on 3 days in a week .
Another , I spent free time do Yoga or make good meat for my family .
My hoby
Books , books and again books .
I really like to read everything I can catch and I will have a look in every book to see what is about .
Often I like to read biography books , history books and novels , but I really like Jane Austen books .
I have all her colections books at home and I enjoyed a lot to have a trip with her characters in Bath and all around . I like to read children books and I had lots of fun with Beatrix Potter books and all her little animals , with Peter and all of them .
I have at home lots of books here and in my country but I like to go to the library and sometimes I go and have a look on charithy and bootsale because I can find lots of nice books and a very good price for them .
When I need a book for my English classes I go to Waterstone or to Amazon .
Few mounts ago I read Miserable by Victor Hugo , I read this book when I was in high school but I haven't think on the subject .
But now I really enjoyed , and me best friend both for me ticket for a theatre to see the musical show , which was amazing , for cuople of hours I did n't move , was a brilliant present .
This Saturday I start a new book by Francine River , the book could The Warior I haven't finish the first chapter but I find the book very good .
I read others books by this writer and I really enjoyed .
The public transport in the near future
Nowadays there are many ways to public transportation such as underground , buses , and etc . but is a reality that the people prefer to move by car .
Currently traveling by car is useful than public that transport , you can move around the city and reduce enough time sometimes you can share your car with friends or family and this way of transportation will be cheaper .
Teacher , I know to travel by car is the most convenient .
However , I think your mind is similar to what forebear thought , because for them , society are never going to get the transport we have nowadays .
It is difficult for us to imagine a world in which there are not cars like we are used to see .
Nevertheless , I trust in that technologies can suffer a progress in the future .
Moreover , we have still a lot of things which we can and must improve like travelling security , comfort and economic sources .
On the other hand , we should know that every means of transportation can be changed by 50 years later .
Maybe , we could find with flying cars or electric bikes .
For all that , I think that we should be prudent when we assess means of transportation .
According to Wordsworth a poet is not a common man , he has a greater sensibility and knowledge .
The power of imagination makes him become a teacher : he has to show men how to understand their feelings and the nature that surround them .
The poet is seen as a prophet , he has to improve people 's moral life and drive them to the truth .
He is the only one who can produce poetry in a simple language , thanks to imagination and memory .
I live in a big city and I have the opportunity to see a lot of tourists during the year .
Sometimes I give some information about where the name of streets or where the main monuments are .
I have any particular problem to help them , but I have often some doubt to suggest the place to go for a shopping .
The reason is that in my city there are a lot of shopping facilities good for tourists .
An example could be to have a free entrance in the Campidoglio museum if you buy a local newspaper .
Also , there are some well - known brand ready to give a special prize if you but a souvenir after 8 pm .
As you see there are a lot of opportunities for the tourists to spend their own money in my city .
You have only choose what is the best for you .
You will not regret .
Hello I really want this job , because I 'm a happy person who enjoy nature , travel around the wold , and have a lot of friends .
I 'd like to work in the team area , and shows , and share stories because I like to talk to people , and I like kids .
I can speak English and I really enjoy to do so .
My town do much efforts to care of environment , they put many pins in the streets to keep it clean also they prevent private drivinig at many days to keep air clean , they seed trees to absorb co2 and release o2 , they build factories away from the house of population to prevent respiratory diseases which is a result of air pollution from factories , so not only my country it self but also the individuals follow a proper way to keep environment clean .
Football is my favourite sport and I enjoy it because it is an aggressive game and fun .
The game starts with a ball at the centre of the field and them one of the two teams kicks it .
The goal is to get the ball inside the opponents net with your foot only .
In 1994 , The Scream painting , one of the most expensive of the worls , was stolen in the National Gallery of Oslo ( Norway ) .
At first the police detective thought one of the special band was stolen the painting .
Then , researchers knew that Pal Enger , art - thief more popular in Norway , was who stolen the painting .
Only he needed 50 second to stolen the painting .
When he stolen the painting he wrote a note sayng : " thank you for your good security " and when he was arrested he declare that it was very easy to stolen the painting .
3 months ago , he wants 1 million dollars for the painting but the Norway government said no .
Finally , the Norway police catch the painting again in one policy investigation .
I have developed organizational and time management skills through my work with different companies .
Particularly , I am highly skilled in welcoming and directing customers .
About my personality , I am outgoing and enthusiastic .
I also have confronting problem skill .
From the previous job , I 've been given the complement .
Whenever there was a problem , I could realize it and could solve it rapidly .
I could provide an extraordinary service with a smile even I was under unexpected situation .
With these qualifications and personality , I believe that it will prove me as an ideal candidate for 5-star Cabin Crew at Qatar Airways .
2 Attachments
wasting time is a huge issue in our life . a lot of knowledges related to time such as : history , education and healthy .
We discuss special topic about how we come faster than a time.this famous quote explains my previous idea " time is a sword if you did not cut it , it will cut you " .
Many people do n't care about wasting their time even when they busy .
Actually , in my life I consider it as a king of my system who controls whole of my day .
there is some people treat time As something of my own , they have the right to wast it and the right to look after it .
In the oposit side , some people let the time control their life .
However we should be balance from the both types .
she wasted it she can not get it back .
There is a time to love and a time to hate .
Also , there is a time to break down and a time to build up .
Imagine how you will live if you do n't have knowledge called ' time ' .
I will tell you my negative attitude about time before I take a lesson from my brother .
I did not care to time I usually said this is my life and my time .
But this is change after my brother arranges with me to organize our time .
He will leave me at home or pay for him two riyals for every minute if I late to him .
When I ask him to get me someplace . I can not count how many times I stay at home because I am late .
On time , penictual
I think that there is future for public transport , because there are still exist people who can not afford to buy a car , even travelling by car is much more convenient .
We have to consider people need to earn sufficient money to support their families and be able to buy a car .
I 'm Sara and i 'm 24 years old .
I 'm interested in this job because at the moment I haven't got a job .
I 'm a worker person and I like children .
In the work I 'm a responsibility person , I never last arriving .
Also I always work with children and I have a teacher certificate . I'm a friendlier person and I have a good curriculum .
My experience of this job y longer .
I began to work 4 years ago in a special children school .
This job is great because also I learn a lot of things .
i like to have sports activities and education activities .
my prefers activities are outin the freeair .
I like prepare my activities a week before , then when I have to do this activity it is more fast .
I think that this job is for the children enjoy so I 'm the correct person because I like playing with them .
In the terms of making bank notes , the picture below demonstrate the process of making it .
There are mainly 4 stepts , design , preparation , printing and inspecting .
This writing will explain these different stept .
Firstly , staff and Personnel design the background colour , the artwork and the scuriity issues on the bank notes , which is also done in process of other card , such as notes for supermarket .
Then in the preparation process , skilled machinists prepare of metal plates for printing .
After that sheets of bank notes are printed , there are differences and specials for it , it use special ink , and print colors on both side , images are slightly rised .
At last inspectors of the bank manually check all printing sheets , and devid them into three levels."bad sheets " were sent for disposal , where things are sercurely destroyed."Good quality sheets " will go with packaging and distribution , where sheets are cut , packed and dispatched .
However sheets that are " partally damages " will be inspect again and separated into good and bad sheets , and sent for further actions .
I 'd like to wtite in this subject because it 's very importnant topic .
my favourite sport is football , I like it so much it means for me a lot , It means partnership , teamwork , entertainment , exercise .
the whole world get together to support there favourite teams & the boys played it in the streets together .
I enjoyed it when I watch it on TV or when I attend it in the stade & supporte my team by my flag & supported phrases .
I advise any one dream to be one of the most famous teams that works on hisself a lot & and play football a lot to be profectional in this sport & show a lot of matches & followed by captain supervised on him
This issue is not clear - cut on both money and job satisfaction are important in deciding career in our life .
I think that on balance it is more important to try to get satisfaction .
First , happiness comes from inside our mind .
We work eight hours a day so if we submerge in a bloody pond in a long time could definitely turn ourselves frustrated .
I would choose a job with satisfaction .
In my own case , I am working as a co - cook in a diner .
Cooking has been my favorite in my life .
Costumers ' satisfaction brings me happiness .
Although the heat in the kitchen could burn us , the smile on the customers gives the best courage .
Also , the satisfaction from the customers pushes me to work harder and be better on my job .
Job satisfaction could make us to purchase perfection .
The more I can perform the much I can gain .
As a result , job satisfaction is a good way to get better paid .
I believe I could someday become a chef in my own restaurant and serve my customer a fabulous dish .
On the whole , therefore , I feel that it is best to go for a career that we will enjoy if this is possible .
Dear Paul ,
What 's up ?
I 'm writing top you with great news .
I tell you about the concert which I was last month .
It was the best concert in my life .
As you know , I adore Madonna .
She can make very exciting show and surprise her fans .
They people of my city is working to keep it clean .
Purchased green bins and it have done a graffiti that says : Keep the city clean is all .
they have also a playground where children can play and moms can sit on benches and gray when grandparents to accompany their grandchildren 's red deck painted with some dolls that say .
What is my city clean .
I will talk about passion in a life .
passion is the best thing you have to achieve your goals .
passion is something makes you happy in your life .
when you have desire to do something , somehing you always dream to achieve it , something is touch you inside when not only do it but also when think about .
you should calm down and be away from the fast lifestyle and decide to do something or apply for a job which makes you great man , and then you will find your passion
The Home of the Future .
At the moment we have a nice house with the garden .
But what will be in the future ?
Possible we will in a space or underground .
In the future everything can change .
It can be painted with new colour .
It can be with the flowers .
But I think that not many change .
Probably houses will be smaller or bigger .
They do not look like big white ball .
Variety of negative impacts appears under rapid urbanization .
Urban flood is one of them .
Not only the growing impervious surfaces , but also the " false " green infrastructure contributes to it .
Mountains of studies demonstrated that green infrastructure is an economical , beautiful and effective strategy to control storm water .
However , urban flood keeps raging even when the amount of green infrastructure full fills the storm water control needs in some areas .
What is the obstacle that stopped these green infrastructures from providing the ecosystem service of mitigating and eliminating urban flood ?
each of person has a favourite sport and so do i.i really like soccer because it is exciting , i can learn many thing when i play it .
As you know that , soccer is a sport which has many people in a group , so it requires us unite and assistance together .
most of girl does nt like this , i think that it takes us energy , we need to do exercise , reasonable diet ... and so on .
i hope that you will try on it someday and realize it is correct
Our Mistakes mistake made us better than before if in life we had't got any mistake we would n't succeed that 's why the mistakes are very important in life and I believe our mistake improve us so
but in another way there just one mistake and you could not come back or arranged your mistake
This article is about how I think about the efficiency of public transport .
As I lived more than 12 years on the countryside I was dependent on busses and trains .
In the morning , I needed to get to school and in the evenings public transport helped me to get home .
I hold the opinion that a more frequent and more regular transport is needed .
Spontaneous activities were impossible as you always had to plan to advance .
I was hardly waiting for my 18th birthday .
I do agree television advertising direct toward young children should not bet allowed for several reasons .
First , this kind of advertisement should be forbiden reasoning the fact young children are still strongly vulnerable .
Kids around these age ( 2 to 5 years old ) do not have a maturated critical sense and anything can easyly persuade them .
For instance , when I was three years old I used to be captivated for all the toys which were presented on tv commercials just because the way they were exposed .
One of them was " the ultimate max steel " which was about a hundred dollars .
Secondly , I am also opposed the allowance of this advertisement because the severely consequence it causes into the parents and child 's relationships .
It is common we see parents having issues with their kids in reason to this kind of commercial .
Many parents have an unhealthy relationship , or even a wrecked relationship , with their kids .
One example is what happened with / to my cousin Patricia when she had her first child called Sophia .
One day sophia got really excited with an advertisement about barbie doll and she could not think about anything else than having this toy .
Unfortunately , my cousin did not have enough money to buy it , but her daughter - a three years old kid- did not understand it and got angry with Patricia , do not speaking well with her for three weeks !
In conclusion , I am strongly favourable to this statement . Advertisement for young kids , not only until 5 but until 8 years old should be forbiden reasoning the kid 's vulnerability and the risk to their parents ' relationships with them .
In last case , if the advertisements were still exposed , It would be essential some educational politics come with them , valorizing and teaching kids on understanding their parents .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
I read your advertisement in my newspaper last week .
You have asked about a server in your cafe .
I think , it 's a great job for me .
I 'm very talented to work with people .
In my education at school , i learned to cook and to wait a table .
Also I can work long hours .
In another job before , I worked per day for 8 ours .
So I think , it 's no problem for me , to stay and run the whole day .
I made one week a internship in a restaurant in my village .
There I saw , how a venture like this work and you must not to show me the whole work again .
I 'm really interested in that job .
By the way I live near to the cafe , so I have a short duty stroke and come every time punctual .
Yours sincerely
Niklas Lakatos
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
I am writing in response to yor advertisement which I saw in " The Daily Magazine " last week .
I would like to be consider to work in your cafe during weekends .
I am a twenty - year - old student currenly studying for being a chef .
I consider myself to be a responsible and enthusiastic person .
I am really interested in different kinds of food and I love to cook .
I am some experience in this kind of job as I worked in a restaurant for two years .
I am used to deal with people and their orders to eat and also , I am getting used to working long hours as I study while I am trying to get a job .
If you need any further information , please do not hesitate in conctact me .
Yours fatefully ,
Yoana .
My town is very beautiful and I like it very much because it is not any dirty streets in it
The governor of my city seek to develop it and he said it will be the capital of delta actually after 30 years ago
the people in my town deal with rubbish by healthy method , the citizens collecting the rubbish and threw it in big boxes far away the city .
Tanta will be attractive city and it will be important tourism point in the future .
If you are looking for a movie to see , I recommend you " Nemo " , it 's the most beautiful Disney 's movie .
The story is about a couple of clownfish who are attacked by a shark , only the dad and one baby egg survived .
The baby name was nemo .
When Nemo grows up , he goes to his first school day , there he is going to be captured by a man .
The only thing they found was a pair of googles that said the direccion of the man .
Nemo 's father knowns a fish called Doris that wanted to helped him , they cross all the ocean to go to Nemo 's location to save him , while Nemo tries to survive in a dentist house .
They finally meet and get happy again with a lot of good friends .
I think you would love it .
With love , Santiago .
This question is awkward for me because I do not like sport .
When I was young I tried Badminton , Squash and Teakwondo .
I do n't do sport now ,
I try to keep fit , and I walk one hour every day .
It is a fact that pollution is the one of the biggest concernment of advanced world .
The reason can be attributed to increased consumeristic nature and unware about waste management .
In the following paragraphs , am going to analyze these issuses in a detailed way to provide solution .
Dear Tom
I 've fully understand why is so difficult finding which activity is more important for You .
I think I would have the same perpelxity .
However sometimes we need to sacrifice something when we do n't have enough time for everything .
As you know I am a person who likes sport and music , but if I have to decide which of those activity are more important then I would prefer sport .
I think the physical activity can give us more profit in our life .
For example if You are active every day , you can keep your health in good condition .
Sport activity also make us feel more flexible and ready to force every day .
In conclusion I think you should give up your music classes .
Regards
Mikolaj
Truly , there is no future for public transport .
Nowadays cars are more affordable than ever .
Almost every single household has more than one car .
With the development of the technologies , people will use other means of transport .
Having in mind that the society is also changing , people will tend to choose their place of work , which is near their home and wo n't need to spend time travelling .
We are witnessing a great development of the work from home these days , which will also lead to fewer people using public transport .
Three Suggestions to be Doctor
Do want to be doctor?.Many people around the world want to help people , so they choose to study medical .
If you want to be a doctor , you should do this three things .
First , you have to study hard every single day at the high school .
When study hard at the high school you will be
By looking at current situation of people 's lives , we can imagine the changes that can occur in future .
People are not interested in physical exercise & healthy food instead they are very much interested in earning money .
With no physical exercise & Healthy food people are damaging their health and family relations .
Now a days nobody has enough time to spend with family , Rather they prefer to make more money by working extra hours
If people live the same way as now , in future people will be considered as working robots instead of human beings .
When I was a junior high school student , I enjoyed playing basketball with my classmates .
For some reasons , I really liked to play basketball , first , playing basketball can train my muscle and make the body more healthier ; the second , my classmates and I all know how to win a game through the basketball game because the basketball game is a teamwork .
If you play the basketball and enjoy the game , you just go to the basketball gym with a basketball , trying to throw the ball into the basket again and again .
Do n't forget to play with your friends .
Three paradigms result from the attempt to characterizing epistemologically Spanish tourism research through the study of the AECIT Conference proceedings .
They are distinguished mainly by the disciplines from which they come : marketing and management , economics and geography .
Not everyone has car , so public transport is needed for every country .
Public transport is helping people to get work on time and help to reduce pollution .
Also , for low income families , they could n't afford to buy new cars , then transposition will help them to survive .
Public transport is also reduce the daily traffic .
it helps people to keep track their schedule .
hello i like people and the children and i like to play make fun with children its very cool .
i , m a very happy person and very interested about cooking and all things about the kitchen its cool my dreamjob is a cook
Hi Michael ,
How are you ? I just want to say hello .
Currently , I stand at Syntagma square in Athens and it 's tremendously hot weather ! The sun is literally burning ! I 'm going to have a meeting with other international volunteers here in an hour .
I am looking forward to it as a small kid ! :)
I had the pleasure to visit Hotel Sparta at Omonia square on my first day in Greece .
I spent last night in this hotel .
I watched a Greek TV show .
Dear Dana Grey ,
I get in touch with you to inform him that from November 1 different activities will be carried out in Caceres to attract numerous tourists of different places .
There will be leaflets , cartels at its disposal , in which it will be able to find museums , churches , exhibitions .
Also , this year Caceres is the gastronomic capital , therefore they will find typical menus with products of Extremadura in its restaurants .
I recommend you to visit Caceres .
The best thing it is what stay for visiting .
If it has some doubt , do not hesitate to contact with me .
Sheila Giménez
Ágora Manager
We can really confirm that there is no future for public transport , if so , we will have to drive a car instead of buying a ticket for public transport and go to office , city , home and so on using private transport , however we can also think that in the centre has no parking car or it is not enough for the whole private car , thereby , if we use a public transport , we can simplify our lives and spend less simply because we are able to save money and time .
A comparison between people who like to use a public transport and private transport shows that first one can save money and time but also they are in relax much more than people who use private transport .
Finally , I do n't think that private transport is much better than public transport .
I hope that those people who wrote this article can change their thought and can likely to write a very useful article .
i like volei because it was part of my life and of life of my mother , is my favorite sport , but i like over sports too , same i do n't play volei because I 'm bad , and my friends that know , do n't like of peoples bad of volei .
I'm watching they playing , they 're really very good , but when play over school , they 're very bad
In modern growing world , The basic needs of general public are increasing day by day and their expectations on quality of life took a new dimensions .
When we were in our childhood , we used to deal with public transport for going one place to another because that was only a cheaper option available .
But today , Things are getting change and technology marked a significant role in our life , Automobile segment increased its vertical and having a car becomes a need from luxory .
We can see nowadays , more and more people would prefer to use their own car instead of buses or taxis because they feel comfortable and mobile in it .
A car can help him to go anywhere and anytime in much less time as compared to public transport .
I believe , as soon as Automobile sector develop new technology in cars people will more keen to use their own vehicle instead or public transport .
There are many reasons responsible for a better understanding between parents and child .
The first reason is no other than generation gap .
What is more , parents always consider their child best .
Parents often compare child to others also plays a role in this case .
As far as I know how to better understanding between parent and child .
According to the present situation it is a pity that their relative influence happiness family .
Therefore it is an important that we should cerebrate this problem .
The sum up the above argument , we should take some measures and have positive attitude .
On the one hand , we may take a communication forum , it can share everyone 's cerebration .
On the other hand , we should stand in other point and think their reasons .
Only by talking your points with your parents can prove all the problem .
Furthermore talking with parents can provide argued with them .
All in all , if you were to do this , your parents will not blame for you .
the wellness depend on three important factors : sport , nutrition and sleep .
the factor that we talk about is sport .
the sport is very important for the health .
the sport increase our physical performance .
the are a lot type of sports but one of them is the most practice in the world : the football .
football is a simple sport , where the player must kick the ball in the opponent goal . in this sport , you improve principally the leg muscles but all your body move .
homever the football is so competitive .
all the states in the world have an own league .
the best three team in the national league can take part at champions league ( in Europe ) or Asian league ( in Asia ) and so on .
lately a lot of child wish to be a professional player and they practice this sport every time and everywhere to improve the techinique .
homewer a lot of him ca n't reach this scope for a lot of reasons : no money , the height ( all team require a tall player ) and so on .
the football is very funny and you can play it everywhere with someone .
the football is a sport that group and fun a lot of nation .
For us ( Mainque and Lucia ) computers does n't have to replace the humans . because they do n't have brain and ca n't feel anything .
Computers do things that humans could n't , or it 's very difficult or it take so much time .
Computers have to obey orders of humans .
Computers depend on humans for their existence .
And it is going to be for all the eternity .
Humans is the best ! ! ! !
The graph is taken from the website " Statistiken aus Deutschland " .
It depicts the growth of the population in " Germany " .
The diagramm shows the development of 1998 to 2014 .
The graph comprises only German people and no migrants .
You can see it rose sharply in 2003 .
In 2005 was a low but it grew than again .
1998 you are able to see that it decreased slightly .
" The Exorcist " , the film .
" The Exorcist " , is one of the most exciting and astonishing thriller that I have seen in my life .
Actor 's interpretativos are sublime , and they make you feel afraid all film .
Especial effects are amazing .
Even though is destacable the fidelity with the text of the novel .
On thing that I find interesting , is that this film is atemporal ; I mean that you can watch in any decade of your life , and ever seems a nowadays film .
This confirm " The Exorcist " is a great film .
Nowadays , with the development of society , a large number of forests and lands are replaced by blocks and transport networks .
This will cause three problems to we humans and animals .
First and foremost , it can make contaminations to the environment , which can affect our health
Through this comparison the author wants to mark that the pagan spring festival may look like celebration of christian beliefs , but it is not .
On Easter time the important thing is to consecrate Christian tradition on the contrary , the pagan spring festival does n't focous on consecration but rather on celebration
My town takes care of the environment because the people of my town try to plant how many trees and plants they can .
The people of my town try to plant plants in the centre or somewhere is too smoke , so they try to keep the air at recommended levels.on the morning a lot of people go on footto the work or to the school or ride a bike or they take the bus .
The people try to move the local factories out of country where is less air polluted , less smoke , less cars and more forests and plants .
travelling by is convenient but for mass poeple public transport is very important and much need .
no of all people could afford to make conveyenc by car .car is easy and cozy also but public transprt is fair is much affordable to all clasess of poeple
public transport means mainly pubic bus.people used to travell long disistance by publis bus .it is possible to carry large number of people of different places to carry in bus .
Coat of arms of the city of Rybinsk is a scarlet heraldic shield , over which - green with golden beach pier for which the output is black rebelling bear holding in the left leg on the left shoulder golden ax , undertwo silver starlet
I like to drive moped because I love speed , and its fun to go out and drive with your friends to a sea or maybe a BBQ party .
I drive a Zündapp KS50 , it is an old moped from 1975 .
hello
my name is Mustafa I am 23 years old and I am Student in collage I search for job but I do n't find a job
I wish that my country become a great country and better and I wish to married who I love her
thank you
Why does culture differences sometimes cause a division of a country ?
Recently Scotland really has ' Hit the world ' for some of the Scotch have tried their best for the Scotland referendum .
Although I knew that there is some conflication between England and Scotland , but the vote has really shocked me .
However , just as I thought , more than 50 percent Scots voted ' no ! ' , so Scotland did n't separated from the United Kingdom .
Public transport is here to stay .
- This goes without saying cars are much more convenient than late trains , but I can not agree with the overall statement although I do abhor using public transport .
I have been travelling with both for yeras , and I reckon each and everyone ends up needing public transport one day or another .
I would be a tad oblivious thinking vehicle ownership is granted beforehand when younger .
As a grown - up now , I know full well how more affordable public transport is albeit less than before .
Dear Juan , we moved to London for the holidays in December , to a huge and beautiful house with a big garden , garage and a tennis pitch .
In fornt lives the richard 's family .
Richards parents are a good neighbours .
They are doctors in a serious hospital .
The likes go out with friends and go to a parties , Richard has got a tortoise call " Peny " .
In this area there are a lo of clothes shops and supermarkets , but here are n't sports shops .
The school is near and it is n't necessary to take a bus .
I 'm so happy with these holidays , I hope know good people and visit beautiful places .
Love , see you soon .
The rapid advancing information technology and the development of Internet networks enable the evolution of banking activities at a comprehensive level .
The connectivity derived from Internet provides the invaluable business tool for online banking .
It influenced the consumers behavior on banking services .
The consumers from traditional branch banking moving towards using electronic delivery channels like personal computer ( PC ) and mobile phones is the most fundamental changes .
Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Liu , C.and Yao , J.E. ( 2003 )
Compared with the past when we use horse for transportation .
Did the people have the same opinion that there is no future for transport , and we only can use horse ?
The reason for why we have such improvement is that the technology and innovation have changed our life .
Cars replaced the horse , and even plane have replaced the cars for long distance transportation .
So I think there will be future for public transportation , and this may because of the updated technologies .
My favourite sport is a football soccer because it is the most popular on the worl .
After school my friends and I go to a park to play soccer , we play for two hours .
when they were in the hospital because Fernanda foodbone , they gave her some chicken soup with a ladle , so she could drinker easily , she started feeling much better so they decided her mom and Daniela to leave Fernanda on their house so she could get some rest and so she could ate more chicken soup , because they want Fernanda to feel better .
Daniela 's mom and her returned to the park , to continued piking the trash from the grass .
Later they went to see a grotesque stroke , after Fernanda crying called Daniela 's mom because she also felt bad with the chicken soup , and she wanted to know in how much time they 'll returned to their house .
So Daniela 's mom and Daniela arrived at home at 11:00pm it was obscure and they would n't me able to see Fernanda , on that time the light turned off , and they try to put them on but the lights did n't turn on .
They slept , at the next morning they light turned on , and they saw Fernanda standing in front of them very tired of waiting them , so she get angry with them and went to her room and she did n't come out from her room .
Her mom tried to tell Fernanda that they arrived very late because they had a very perplexed problem , so her mom told her that they came out from the park at 9:00pm it was still late but not too late , so they were on the street and the police arrived because they police thought that she had a globe with wine , and her mother told the police that she does n't have alcohol or wine on her car , and they police did n't believed her and they took them to the police station so they could check his car , and about 10 minutes approximately they told her that she did n't have nothing so they , went from there to their house and it was late , so that 's the reason .
She had allude the police before that she did n't have anything on the car .
When Fernanda came out from her room , she started prying on her mom wallet if she did n't have anything about the police or something and she did n't have anything so she forgave her .
But Fernanda summoned up the courage to ask her if she was n't telling any lies to her , and her mom told her that she vow that is n't any lie .
Hello Maria ,
thanks a lot for your respond .
Here some information about us .
We are married couple , both 32 years old , live at the moment in Flims in Kanton Graubünden .
I am originally from Ukraine , was living from 2009 till last year in Germany and Juan is from Colombia , since 3 years in Switzerland .
We 're moving to Zürich because of my husbands ' job in the new opening hotel Kirchgasse , right in the corner from the apartment .
And i will start studying in the Belvoirpark hotel school , so we 'll want to rent the apartment for at least 3 years or even longer .
We 're looking for a new nice home and so we are truly interested to keep your place tide and take care about it as it were our own .
If you 'd like we could get the recommendations from our previous landlords .
I hope this information is enough for the beginning and we can have the possibility to meet you and introduce ourselves in person .
This week we are flexible to come over from Thursday to Saturday , and the days before only in the evening .
Looking forward to hear from you and wish you a nice day .
Kind regards
Kate and Juan
If I told you that , Travelling with a car or by bus , which one you will pick .
a lot of people nowadays will take their own car , it 's easier and flexible .
But why public transport have no future to stand and keep going ? , that 's because of the people that changing their mind , they start like having their own way to travel , Privacy also an important reason , people need to have a private means of transportation .
that 's why there is no future for public transport
I promised to lean for math the whole week .
But every time , I get trubbel .
I know I have to lean but to start leaning is n't easy .
I do n't want to study but there is no way out .
I have to .
My favourite sport is football , the principal reason why I like it is because when I was younger , I played with my friends and we got together to play every day .
I remember those years and I would like that my children will practise it when they will be oldest , an interesting sport .
My favourite team in Spain is Real Madrid , the best team .
If I were football player , I would like played in this team , but I think that it is very difficult because , only the best players gets it .
Nowadays I like others sports to practise : tennis , Basketball , ... but I prefer playing football with my mates on weekends , and then we drink some beers in the pub to celebrate the victory or the defeat .
These moments are very special and I hope to be able to enjoy for many years .
Finally I recommend this sport for the child in order to get a healthy life , get together with their friends and forget for much time alcohol and drugs .
I love sports and I believe to practise it is the best to get a good life .
I am here to write about a composition about public transportation in Somalia specially the capital city Mogadishu where there is a little public transport comparing to our neighboring countries . there is a scarcity of public transport and there is one type and model which Van as well as very distracted roads which may cause collateral damage .
Sometimes passengers and drivers face risks and road blocks which usually happen when the Somali government leaders are travelling across the city and even abroad .
So having good infrastructure helps a lot and constant peace and the people of Somalia will not suffer any more .
Thanks .
Hello friends , you 're welcome to Puerto , here we have a lot of shops .
What would you like to buy ?
We have a commercial center very nice .
If you want you can buy a lot of things there .
1 . Is it possible to go without compression machine ?
Will we can to compress ducts manually ?
2 . I 've noticed that the machine cost is higher than it 's been anteriorly .
Please , send to us actual strip material price .
3 .
If we want to produce spiro ducts and other articles in future .
Do we have to buy one new special machine ?
As for as public Transport you can save fuel as well as pollution but it take more time to reach the destination .
while if you have your own conveyance you can save time and moreover it is safe .
the most important thing is there would be huge traffic on the roads and traffic movement will be very slow .
but keeping in view of environment we should prefer to use public transport
USA SUMMER CAMPS VACANT
Dear all
I am writing you because I am interested in the job of summer camps .
My name is Andreas Costa Souza , I am a student of Digital Media in Technologic of Monterrey .
I like going to camp because I love nature and I delight to know new people around the world .
I consider a friendly and cheerful person because I always have a smile in my face .
Every time I have a lot of energy .
I have experience working with children , my experience is about to years in summer camps around the world .
I had been working in sport events like organizer .
Currently , I am working in the racing Tec of 5k and 10k on Cuernavaca , Morelos .
I do not have experience working in the kitchen .
However , I know to cook every kind of food .
I hope a respond and feel free to contact me .
Yours Sincerely ,
Andreas Costa
m98fhdf.fmn34@hotmail.com
123 456 7890 .
I live in Bhubaneswar with my family .
About fifty thousand people live in the city .
It is clean and environmentally friendly city .
The city has its own public transportation system , waste management system .
People live here take care of city environment , so the city became clean and green place .
The city contain about thirty public parks .
The parks are full of greenery ; these parks also used as playground for children .
Trees in the parts are not sufficient as per requirement of our city .
Ten year before , local governing body of the city decide to plant more tree and it asked advice from the citizens of the city about the proposal .
Everybody got interested in the project .
We planted trees near side of highway , unused lands , and outside of the city .
Now these trees are grownup .
It give shades , shelter to animals , and purify air .
The trees are also stop soil erosion in rainy season .
Our city have a well equipped waste management system .
Each house in the city have two verity of dustbin to keep recyclable and non - recyclable items separately .
In Morning , waste collection truck came and it take these waste .
These waste materials are processed with environmentally friendly .
The last film I saw was not new , in fact it was " The Others "
The others is a film that is based on a family that lives in a house and in this where many strangers things happen .
The principal character is Grace that is the mother of her two children Nicholas and Anne .
The hudsband of Grace is called Charles .
In the film there were servants , they were Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
This film is about a family that lives in a very big house .
Charles has to go to the war and Grace and her sons stayed in that house but not they were not alone they were with Bertha Mills , Mr Tuttle and Lydia .
The problem is that the mother started to listen many wear sounds and her sons were not doing them , so who was the responsible .
Her sons have a problem they ca nt see the natural light and one they Grace got up because her children were shouting and crying so she went to their bedroom and the courtins was not there so she go to the other room and the courtins also were not there so she stars getting nervous and more nervous so she go and talk to the servants , so she got very angry and she told them go out of my house and they did not care so she pick up a gun and the old lady returned her keys .
Then many things happened , and then they discover that the ghost were not the servants .
Of course I recommend this movie , because it is very interesting and in some parts is funny too , and Nicole is the principal character so I love it !
In my opinion I do not agree with what journalists do , or to me if I were a movie star , a famous man who has done many performances I do not like every hour of the day to be pursued by journalists .
In addition , everyone wants to have a moment of privacy and because journalists papparazzi can not have a moment to relax , tutoring for children or dependent on what else you want to do it and you can not because journalists .
And another reason why I have so right in what I had to say in the ranks above you feel if you were in game then people are always these people and destroy families because they declare false Intrigue sometimes .
Sometimes abuse the right to be a journalist with all sorts of questions with no response or have a partial response to these famous people can say that journalists have a stressful job for some people .
And finally I would like to say yes are against these people , or still might change their style and everything would be ok !
My fiance is 28 years old .
He is young and handsome .
He has a short light brown her and black Eyes .He has a light beard .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy about 175 c.m and his Weight is 71 k.g and has a wight skin .He love going to the beach and he love swimming .He is a casual clothes wearing such Shirt and jeans which mostly blue , Gray and Black .If you see him you notice how he is an elegant .
MOTASSEM is nice and lovely fiance he love his job as he is Patient will dong has jop .he is a hard worker he has amazing laughs
.When you started talk with him you will be inspire by his knowledge and his way of talk he have the talent to Convinces
thought .
He is orderly and Clean man .
He is tip of person you ca n't forget easy .
My family is my best friend to me .
I have father , mother and three sisters .
My parents are on patins , my first sister is 37 years old , she is married and she has 2 children Zyad and Yassin , her name is eman .
My second sister is 34 years old , she is single and she works as a customer service agent , her name is Shymaa .
My third sister is 29 years old , she is married and she has 2 children jana and Salah , her name is Asmaa .
Asmaa is the best friend to me in my family .
I always feel happy that God has granted me a good number of family members who always care of me .
Even though I always thought that doing any task with family is baseless but after my marriage I understood an importance of family who always want to make happy .
I have a little toddler with whom I love to share my feelings , he always give me a nice hug after I return from the office .
I feel proud to hug with him with full of my emotions and I forget all the stress developed in the office hours .
In past , I do not care so much in respect of having good amount of stock , I always enquired about availability and love to get anything new for my sweet home .
I do not know why this kind of feeling arose , but whatever it is , I enjoy my days with family members .
hello Pierre ,
I would like to thank you for you help me .
You send me a lot of information , but the most important was about the culture .
My teacher said that I have had a fantastic project .
I 'm very happy .
Kisses ,
Maria
Nowdays , the number of endangered species has increased .
Aactivist of animals rights claimed that the reason is the keeping animals in zoo .
But lot of peoples saying that , the zoo can protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .
So what should we do with that problem ?
To sum up , there are lot of cleary strong arguments for against keeping animals in zoo .
In my opinion people should bulid some kind of wildlife parks . This solution will allow
people to watch animals in their natural environment , and most importantly , will allow
animals to safely reproduce .
It 's really expensive sollution , but we must do that for
our next generations .
Nowdays , the number of endangered species has increased .
Aactivist of animals rights claimed that the reason is the keeping animals in zoo .
But lot of peoples saying that , the zoo can protected endagered spices against illegal poachers .
So what should we do with that problem ?
To sum up , there are lot of cleary strong arguments for against keeping animals in zoo .
In my opinion people should bulid some kind of wildlife parks . This solution will allow
people to watch animals in their natural environment , and most importantly , will allow
animals to safely reproduce .
It 's really expensive sollution , but we must do that for
our next generations .
My town is called Assuit . the People here , have no knowledge about how to use their rubbish.people throw their rubbish everywhere . on the other hand , we haven't any kind of law , that can limit that action ; I mean rubbish throwing .
So if we still doing nothing new , out country will still unattractive .
Humans prefer luxurious life .
Public transport is a bit uncomfortable .
With the coming of cars , people are using public transport rarely .
Everyone prefer to have his / her own car.so the future of public transport is very dark .
This is an alarming issue that needs to be addressed at earliest .
Because if everyone uses his / her car pollution will increase and that will eventually affect every living being .
The " Casa Alvaro restaurant " is a restaurant situated in Valença , a small city in the north of Portugal .
There we can eat a lot types of dishes but the most popular dishes are " costela " and " bacalhau na brasa " .
The restaurant won a Michelin star in 2013 .
The restaurant is very well situated with a big parking and a beautiful landscape .
As your enter the place you are welcomed by magnificent setting , a lot of photographs of restaurant 's story and you have a wonderful view of the kitchen where you can see the chefs working so you can see the quality of the food .
The chefs take great care in selection the best quality ingredients and the service is great .
The clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is done while clients are waiting they always give bread and wine
The price of the food is expensive but nothing pays a good meal .
In the end of the meal you have to sign a book to recall in the future .
Dear USA SUMMER CAMPS ,
I am interested in working at your summer camp program .
My name is Abel Ferreira and I am 14 years old .
I speak English and I really like to work with kids and this is my dream job .
I am the suitable person for the job because I like to care of kids and I have the capability of being empathic with other people .
I have good abilities ; such as , organizing the activities and help the kids to keep their rooms tidy .
I will wait for your answer ,
Abel Ferreira
The charts below give the information about the most importent reasons for study among students of differents age groups also the amount of support they received from employers .
The first chart is the resons for study according to age of student .
for carreer has 80% under 26 years old students are taken it , for the age over 49 years old only has 20%people are taken ; but if you counper interest , it is totoly different ; for under 26 years old have only 10% ; but for over 49 years old it has 70% .
However , for 40 - 49 years old it is both 40% for career and interest .
The other chart is about employer support , under 26 years old is the most higterst because it almost have 70% , the scentd higterst is age 26 - 29 years old ; it has 50% of people are taken ; niy yhe most lower is 35% age of group are 30 - 39 years old .
The best places for young people to visit in Sweden is Stockholm city and few more places that can be exiting .
In Stockholm you can do whatever you want , there is places to enjoy for everyone .
You can visit old city and watch old buildings and castel , you can watch the beautiful view from bridges over the water .
Young people may like to take a walk in king garden , there is sakura trees .
If you like night life you can go to some bars and night clubs that are open till morning .
But there are two places that i meant in the beggining , its a big zoo called Kolmorden and biggest aquapark in Scandinavia that called Rusha .
Deer headteacher ,
As a student at a local school , i would like to say that to delete the field trips
is n't good for stydents .
First of all , to get students outgoing frrom the classroum students take a breack of the school routine .
Fythermore , going on the field trips give students a change to expiriament thinks for themshelves .
In adition , field trips are important part of our schools activities .
This is why I believe that the field trips are good for kids .
from
spyro in Kalithea .
Hi Adam ,
Nice to write to You !
Unfortuntely , I saw You last time many days ago .
Do You know I came back from Budapest ? .
You know I was there on the trip .
As You can imagine , I visited a lot of monuments and cathedrals which I could see and know something new about them .
As I discovered , the river Danube is the loveliest of others .
It 's even the longest river I whenever saw .
And You ?
How was your trip ?
Was it as good as mine ?
Write to me about what were you doing there .
Best wishes , Julia
My name is Maria .
I am from Spain .
I live in Tarazona , a small town near to Zaragoza .
I am an architect since 2003 .
When I was studying , I lived in San Sebastian .
San Sebastian is a Town near the sea .
When I was eighteen years old , I went out of my home .
I lived in a residence for two years .
After , I was living in a flat .
My flatmatter is my best friend today .
She is Azucena and nowadays , she lives in Toulouse .
My husband and me , often go to Toulouse to visit Azucena .
If Azucena does not live there , We would not know Toulouse .
I like toulouse very much .
It is an old city , with red buildings .
Toulouse buildings are built with bricks , red bricks .
The most important street in Toulouse is Boulevard Chausse , and it is near to the river .
The river is in toulouse is Garona .
Hello Alison .
How are you doing ? .
Susan told me that you need to khonw a couple of things before your visit to Spain .
We have customs as siesta , Semana Santa and San Fermínes in Pamplona .
Spanish people love spending time with their family and friends .
We are sociable and welcoming people .
We usually eat housemade food .
It 's what we call Mediterranean diet .
It 's includes vegetables , meat , fish and olive oil .
In our daily life we wake up earlier in the morning .
We take a shower , we have breakfast and we go to work .
Please , drop me a line as soon as you can .
Best wishes .
Isabel
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
In that moment , he knew he 's decision was going to afect his whole life .
He tought how could he solve his problem and finally he decided to break out .
When he was scaping from the prison , he bump on an old friend callled Charlie .
Charlie was the only men that could help him scape .
Why I enjoy my favouite sport ?
So I think my favorite sport is go walking through the nature .
I love it , when the temperatur is a little bit cold , but not too much .
I can relaxing , when i walk alone and hear the noise of the birds in the trees .
I live in a little village near a forest , so I can go everyday walking through it .
There are so much animals and when you are quite , you can see a deer or a fox .
And sometimes I take my camera with me , because I love photography and there are so much great motifs .
Rest ... aurant .
There 's nothing like eating !
We all agree on that , eating food is one of the best moments on our day , it 's like word stops for a few minutes in which you are just enjoying your food .
But there 's a differenc between eating a good meal , and eating by the way .
In this opportunity i 'm going to talk about different cool restaurants we could choose at the moment of going out as the close of classes .
Michael decided to open the door and back for her , he thought better the things he do not want to leave her again , he like her , he knows himself and he wants to know her , he have kept all his feelings for a long time .
Which was the reason ?
The reason is the next , three days ago , he was working when a girl of his job asked him whether he had girlfriend and he told , I had one , come on you know my ex - girlfriend then she only walked without tell nothing .
it was strange for Michael .
He remembered , two years ago when he had been working and he decided to back home early while he had been backing to home he saw his girlfriend with other guy they were hugging .
he arrived the home and he only thought and thought all night it was the second time that she has been unfaithful since then he is alone .
Today in the morning he have not gone to work and he was staying in a pub to drink beer , then a girl went to him , he knew her , she is Abigail .
This girl is an acquantance him .
They were talking about their lives and he remembered like he knew her on the bus , maybe she have always been the woman of his live he looked at eyes and smile he wants to ask her whether now is not late to satart to know her but he decided leave the pub he walked to exit .
Finally Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
I had a terrible experience in this Chinese New Year!Because Norovirus infected me!At first , I had a high fever but I thought if I take some medicine I will be fine .
Therefore , my condition took a sharp turn for the worse .
I can not eat anything even in New Year 's Eve and I was so tired that I can not play poker with my cousins .
Though everythings were depressing , I still have a wonderful winner vacation with my family : we went to Formosan Aboriginal Culture Village(九族)to visited its blooming cherry blossom.(I do n't know its variety~Is it from Japan??XD)Cherry blossom is very beautiful but there are so many people .
When we went to Sun Moon Lake by cable car , wind is so strong!I felt a little nervous though the scenery amazing .
All in all , I stil have a memorable vacation .
Hi Luke ,
I tried that new programme in the internet for English learners called Write and Improve from Cambridge English .
I liked the way the page tells you your progress and marks your mistakes so you could fix them .
I hope to see you soon .
Jorge .
We are approving an incentive amount of Rs .
1000 per month for K Murli and Rs .
1500 per month for K Sivakumar for working as an Acting Territory In - charge .
We will review their performance in a period of 6 months and accordingly will decide on any upward / downward revision in their salary .
Company also reserves it 's right to discontinue the incentive amount if their performance is not found as per the job description .
My living room is the best room in my house because it is big , comfortable and beautiful .
There are some images for my family on the wall .
There is a coffee table made of wood with a clear glass .
Also on the sofas there are many colorful Pillows
There is a bookcase next to the rocking chair and when I have a free time I sitting on it and reading a book .
There are three sofas around a coffee table and it is so comfortable .
When I want studying for exams going to the living room and sitting front of TV
In addition , there is a small blackboard for my littel brother because my mother wants my prother learn Arabic and English letters .
There is a small gray carpet under the coffee table and it protects the things from breakage .
For this reason I spend most of my time there
On the other hand , the economic situation plays an important role .
It is very common that the bad economy of some countries force their people to emigrate to another country .
When this phenomenon occur most of the migrants need to learn the new language to adapt to the new environment .
As a consequence , they forgot their first language .
Another important point is the necessity of approval by some some indigenous groups or people that emigrate from the countryside to the city in order to get a better lifestyle .
It is not a surprise that this situation is something more frequent every day .
We are facing a crucial moment due to the extinction of most of the indigenous languages .
Public transport will be worse in the future than travelling by car because it is uncomfortable and slowly .
In Spain many people will travel in their car or by car with their colleague or friends , this transport is quick , but it is much more expensive .
If you travel with other people it is the same expens than public transport .
In my opinion sharing a car we will arrive at work on time and when we will finish work we can go directly home .
I think public transport is n't the future because many people today live outside the big cities in the suburbs .
The apartments in the cities are much more expensive and the people prefer to travel in their car .
I think there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
But it 's better to travel by car pooling .
People who needs to go in the same direction , meet each other and use only one car .
This is convenient for the cost of travelling , because every cost is divided for the participants and is an experience to meet other people .
Hi Jo ,
My country very interesting place , we have more ancient and mistyc places .
You can travelling to Samarkand , Bukhara , Khiva and another historical citys .
Our national foods are very delicious .
I think , you could nt work in my country , because its illegal for foreiners .
Dear Nick
Thanks for you letter .
I was very glad to read about your news .
You told me about your usual weekends and asked me to tell you about my weekends .
At the weekend I usually go to the city centre with my friends too .
We meet near fast food and after that we decide where to go .
In the centre city we can go to other shopping center such as : " Passage",Europe","Scorpion".Last weekends we visited Passage .
In this shopping center I bought new blue skirt .
After that we went our favorite art - cafe .
We like it because cafe has beautiful design and tasty food .After that we went to walk on embankment .
It is all our plan .
Hope to hear from you soon !
All the best .
Liza
First of all , thank you professor to teach in the meantime , the entire course of the learn really benefited , especially in the first meeting , for British English , I still did not really understand , it makes me frustrated , but gradually after I found the beautiful of the language in British English , I think it 's all because of the usual problem of American English , and so I really appreciate that you choose simple textbooks and it 's easy to learn , and you really very carefully and very humorous , you 're always careful in curriculum pronunciation correction for each student , using a variety of reading skills let us immerse them read .
I love to listen to British English , but it 's really hard to study , all because we are all learning American English in Taiwan , so when I have the opportunity to contact British English , it 's full of tone cadence , always feel particularly charming , and British culture exudes noble temperament , so British accent sounds like there is always an indescribable elegance qualities .
And the strengths and weaknesses in both of segmental and suprasegmental , I think it 's maybe the learning habit , when I heard a sentences , I would use many varieties of tone and manner to say the sentences again , therefore , I can easily be interpreted illustrations instructions the emotions and feelings .
Only possible in segmental pronunciation , the occasional missed a few notes , such as -d , I did not noticed this because when I deliberately stressed -d , I found the tone and mood more likely to become very weird , this is the biggest problem I 've encountered in pronunciation teaching .
I 'm not teaching English in my new school , but in the future if there is the chance I will definitely give it a try , especially in the curriculum learned some teaching tips , the biggest gain this course is to read picture books to read and record , because that and English proficiency is not just training , but will note that strengthen their pronunciation and intonation , and then each time peer feedback also completed the listening exercises .
If I have an opportunity to back on English teaching , I think I will try this skill to get my students to do the recordings heard training , then make their English better and better .
My village is in the north of the region of the Extremadura .
The population of my village is about sixteen hundred people .
It is situated on the inland .
The first stop for most visitors is the church because the neighbors clean and cared .
The town hall put in the streets containers for trash and the workers of tomw hall clean the streets .
Besides this , everybody cleans their doors to keep it tidies up .
What 's more , all people once a year , plant trees in all village for it is more beautiful .
To begin with , nowadays more and more people prefer trevelling by car rather than by bus or train .
Certainly , it is more comfortable to travel by your own transport with your family or your friends . You can stop and have a rest wherever you want .
You can change your plans and choose another direction .
For differentiate between old computers and computers today , would first have to describe each type of machine .
I start describing old computers which we saw in the video were few simple machines ( at the time they were created ) and covering an enormous room .
On top of that these machines only worked when it is wrote an order to the computer .
These were experiential models .
Visually colors ranging on the screen were the black and green .
Currently in the 21st century , computers have had a very long technology advance which range from the software and the size internal memory ( bigger than the old computers ) , the size of the computer ( which is varied but more smaller than the previously computers ) and its shape , the weight of it ( they are more lightweight ) and variations in the colors of the screen ( visually ) .
Finalize can tell that with the passage of time people we change the way we see the world , comes into play evolution , not only of technology but also of society , religion , etc .
essential in the life of people , but sow will be factors that humans will not be able to modify and it is better to continue as they are .
Sometimes famous people want to be alone without any journalist .
In my opinion , staying alone means that you have something to think about , for example to think about our deeds .
Journalists follow you and they do n't give you to live such as normal pupil .
To tell you the truth , I like being alone very often .
To be on my own and watch the other people live .
I always wear a mask , I can be myself only with my close people .
In the end , I want to tell you that we are not robots , everyone deservs that they want .
My opinion it 's opposite of them of this composition .
I did n't have a car .
Every day I used to taking public transport .
I live in a city , and for many people live like me , the most convenient transport is the public transport .
With a car in the city , we have some problems .
there is a heavy traffic , and the difficulty in finding a parking place .
Every day , the population spends a lot of time in the traffic congestion .
It 's a very good method to travel in the city .
A car problem is the expensive price of the fuel .
I like public transport and I love my planet . I think the best method for reduce the polucion .
It 's used to public transport .
but it 's only my personal opinion .
Your address :
Date : 17 January 2015
Dear xxx .
Today I will talk about my summer camp job , pepole of all ages need to work in summer camp job , my name is patrick i am 13 years .
I love to work in the summer camp job to make the exercise every shop in usa should make the summer camp job , I am the right person to work because I 'm very exercise and I ' love to work in the kitchen , because i am the right chief in the summer camp job .
I am really very proud to work with you , you will see my wonderful launch and dessert . Thnx god to give me this job .
A representative to make an investigation so that town takes care of the environment .
One thousand people by eighteen and more are questions in my town about their way takes
care of the environment .
Investigation reveals the youngsters are more than ever power to
save the world from waste and pollution .
In this case , a representative put all times the published in the train , the bus and the school
annonced the way take about the town .
In addition investigation can bring within company in
town showing the will power changing of the habit .
There are a service representative whose occupied the rubbish shared planning of day .
According the inquest , a representative works with company of the recyclage .
There are services which can to clean and pick up the rubbish every day .
I 'm going to write about my apartment .
It 's in AL - Sulaymanyiah district .
It 's in Mohammed Fayed Street .
It 's in the second floor .
It has three bedrooms , and it has two living room .
Also , It has a spacious kitchen .
However , it has a nice and three bathrooms .
My aprtment is very beautiful .
It is modern and spacious .
It 's near the mosque .
Also , it is near Bandati Minimarket and AL - Shafa Hospital .
About 500 meter to AL - Salam Mall .
It has some disadvantages like , it hasn't a praivte parking .
Also , the street where it has a lot of traffic .
After that , it hasn't a driver room .
Finally , My apartment is very beautiful , and it has a lot advantages more than its disadvatages .
It has a great location .
An Unforgettable Lesson
There are various kinds of different things that happened in peoele 's life , some may be normal and nothings special , while others may be meaningful and unforgettable that you will remerber it for a long time .
Have you ever have this experience ?
When I am in elementary school , I joined a speaking contest , but I failed , and I had broken - hearted .
Becase I seldom practiced it .
But soon I made up my mind , thinking that I ca n't be so decadent forever I want some change , hoping I will be better in the next year .
So I practiced it day and night .
No matter it is sun or rain , wind or warm . And also asked teacher for help .
Eventually , I got number three in the comtest .
Through this time , I learn that win and lose is not the most significant thing .
The most important is that you can learn a valueabe lesson from failure .
Practice can make perfect .
And never give up .
Resolve/ dertermine / insistence
My country witnessed a tremendous change in the last ten years .
10 years ago , I was a child , and I can seldom eat meat in dinner .
But now , I feel uncomfortable without food everyday .
People 's health
Nowadays young people 's health is n't as healthy as for example twenty years ago .
One reason for the change may be due to the style of life that people have .
Currently we do usually less exercise than before because we use our car to go anywhere .
Whereas our style of food has changed very much .
We do n't eat at home and it 's very common eating junk food every week .
On the other hand , children are used to eat only what they want because in general they do n't like legumes , vegetables , fruits , fish ...
They like eating junk food , hamburgers , French fries and sweets and what 's more they do n't do any exercise .
All these reasons could be very bad for their health in the future .
So it 's very important to give them a healthy education .
To sum up , it is very important to be conscious about how food affect our health .
That 's the reason for we have to do more exercise , eat less fat and more vegetables and teach our children to eat better and healthier than they are used to do .
My opinion ofselfemployment
I never ever wanted to be selfemployed .
My dad and my grandfather had run their own business for more than 20 years .
My mother always told me that my dad had never time for her and my siblings .
When I was born my dad decided to quit his company to get more time for his family .
Nowadays , the car owners have been increasing in many countries , especially in developed countries , due to the convenience of travelling by car .
Thus , some people claim that the social trend tends to decline the popularity of travelling by public transport .
As a result , this development is highly controversial in positive and negative ways .
Today personal vehicle become pride of the life , mean if a person is on there personal vehicle they are look as higher status in the society .
so it become a fashion of using personal vehicle which create a lot of problem big one traffic problem .....
now traffic problem is the biggest problem . only solution to this use of public transport system as much as possible .
but now using public transport is looked as person of low status , so there is no future for public transport .
to tackle this problem we have to deliberately think about it .
thank you very much
Our life is keep changing everyday and we notice that huge range of the changing in each decades .
The lifestyle , technological material and the design of cars and houses keep changing annually .
We can admit that our life will be quite different from now to the fifty years later .
Changing is a natural habitat that makes the life more enjoyable to us .
It 's bringing the happiness to and the beauty to us .
For example , we can know the type of a car model by the changes that are made on it which it makes you idiotif the small new details in every model .
Even the kind of house panting can be changed by the time .
Now it is more colorful and designed in different ways Than it was at the past time .
We can not stop changing but we can guide it to the a special benefit which it makes the life easier and more comfortable .
Using the changing method would improve the education system in many aspects especially for people with obstruction .
It is bring the hope to their live and makes them taste the life in way that they had dreamed about it .
In conclusion , the changing of our life can help us to explore different benefits for the changing every decade .
It service the education and entertainment aspects in our life .
My town is very , very big with a lot of people .
More than 12 million people live in our town .
I ca n't say my town is the best place in the world .
The ecological problems are very important for the last years .
First of all - the air .
An enormous quantity of cars and the traffic jams provokes a pollution of air and smog .
The urban authorities can not change the situation cardinally .
But there is an active construction of new roads , road junctions and an improving of roads .
We do n't separate our rubbish .
All rubbish is taken away without separation .
But people are interested in it and this year I saw announcements about days of receiving of separate rubbish .
Our lawns also are the problem .
Several years ago we had wonderful lawns with a lot of local plants and grass .
But the last time the street - cleaners mow all the young grass .
Now our lawns are dirty and without grass .
But I hope our town will be better with our help .
I enjoy watching Tennis in my couch , is weird that I haven't played Tennis because where I live we do n't have that kind of sport , so I just can watch in my TV .
But I hope one day go to a tournament , travel to Spain and watch my favourite player who is Rafael Nadal from Spain .
Since the first time I watched him play , eight years ago was the same year that I started watch Tennis .
I like how the players moved through the court and how the audience applaused them every time they won a point , although I 'm not in the court I could feel the feeling of the game , it 's really awesome .
Once in awhile I enjoyed watch Tennis when there was a competition or tournament , besides I watched and enjoyed it , also could learn how real the game was , which were its rules or what happened when they yelled at the jumpire for a no - reason , all these details you could learn and wait for a coming day to put them in practice or help to the players , is one of the things that I want to make real .
My advice would be that I you want to play Tennis just go ahead play it , not expect till others do it , because you can do that too .
At the beginning it could be a little harsh , but is the same with many others sports when they start , so just keep in mind that you can play Tennis with the most talented players from the world overall .
Travelling by car is much more convenient .
In fact , I agree .
Btu , What about sharing a ride ?
Riding a horse is and old faschion way but still interesting .
Público transportation is excellent , you sabe money , tale care of the environment and make friemds .
Nowadays , Easter is associated more with the spring 's arrival than religious rituals .
People are more likely to take care of the gardening or shopping than participate in the celebration of Good Friday which makes the author connect Easter with a pagan spring festival .
Flamengo is the best team of Rio de Janeiro .
Flamengo was champion on 2009.In 2009 Flamengo has a great team with good players , but now it fight to finish the competition among the first 4 teams of championship .
My mouth is dry and have an awful metal taste , head aches , still slightly spinning and there is a terrible ringing in my ears .
All of these make me feel nauseous .
It must have been the aftereffect of whatever that clowns in masks have done to me . I want to shut down all the noises around , especially those whisper shouts coming from behind .
My best friend .
My best friend had always been like a sister to me .
Our mums had been to high school together , although they 'd never talked a lot .
The first time I met her , she insulted me , but I just did n't pay attention in what she had told me .
It was in school , when we were three years old only !
Even that , we start to talk more and more , until we were what we are nowadays .
She always helps me in whatever I need , and she 's amazing .
She 's always happy and laughing , and never gets angry when I get nervous !
She 's incredible , is like the sister I 'd never had .
In the other hand , she had never been a talktive girl , so it 's usually me who is always talking a lot .
Even so , now she starts to talk more often , and when we started high school we met lots of new friends !
In the future , I 'd like to continue being with her , and talking and having fun as we do together now .
I would n't imagine a life without her , she 's the best person I ever met .
My town was located along the middle coast of Viet Nam .
It is a really beautiful place and has a lot of scenery , such as the great beach besides a row tree , the obviously regularly weather ... Therefore taking care of the environment there is a vitally important mission of my town 's state .
When having an alarm about the pollution water , land ... by town 's civil , authorities must reposibile for this cause .
They often notify all the town 's civil that spending a free day on clearing all rubbish on the beach and on the roads of town .
Then , they will gather all rubbish to one place and burn or bury them .
Finally , state usually encourage on the radio , television etc .
It means that tourists and the people of town must have a crucial duty to protect the beach , the roads etc .
On weekends , I usually wear clothes depending on the weather .
If it is too cold outside , I put a jacket on , but if it is too hot I wear shorts , sandals , a light weight vest and sunglasses .
Sometimes , when I got to dress well , I wear dressy stuff , such as skirts , dresses , high heels and a sort of classy hairstyle .
When I stay at home , I can wear pyjamas all day long ( for example when I 'm sick ) Also , there are days when I want to go to the beach with my family , and so I put my bikini and a summer dress on .
Right now , I am wearing jeans , black flats , a gray shirt and a purple and turquoise hoodie .
Hi Jan ,
I am so glad to receive your message .
In your message , you said that you need to find a famous people in my country and need some suggestions from me .
I hope that I can give you some help for your project .
I would like to recommend that a famous people who names Mr. Chou .
Mr. Chou is the famous doctor in my country .
He constructed the hospital system in my country .
Best regard , and look forward to your reply .
Bob
In modern life , we rely on traffic to work or travel to everywhere .
It is conveninet to travel by private cars .The price of private cars which every one can afford it , so that everyone has the private car nowadays .Some people point out private cars are going to replace the public transport .
I could n't agree with the point of view for some reasons below .
Firstly , the growing number of private cars cause the big problem with traffic jam .People spend extra time on normal travel because of traffic jam .
That wastes people 's time and make people feel exhausted .
Not mention to say , it 's definitely hard to enjoy travelling in holidays .
Secondly , private cars are the main reason for the air pollution . We should consider the protection of environment for human future , not only care about the convenience we can see for now .
In the other hand , public transport system can reduce the amount of private cars in the busy area , like bus and tram .
People can travel through the city easily and safely .
For instance Melbourn , the secondary city in Australia where are trams via through the whole city area .
Therefore people do n't need to drive cars for travelling in the city .
The last point is people go for long journey by public transport .
Public transport bring relaxing holiday and efficient business trip to people without weary long drive .
For these reasons , it is unlikly there is no future for public transport .
On the contrary , We need more public traffice to improve our traffic system and find the better way to maintain the environment .
Alison read the note and it say 's " i 'll be back at 8 pm " .
It was 11 pm and her boyfriend was n't in their house , she started getting confused and temerously .
After waiting for 20 minutes , she decided to call the police ; they said " wait for the morning , maybe he went somewhere , now we ca n't help you " .
After that answer , she was n't satisfied so she decided to start calling all the hospitals of the area .
it was 4 am and she had none answer .
Alison felt desesparate , she notice that her husband 's car were in her house , so he was walking or someone pick up to him , she takes the phone and she call all him group of friends , nobody now anything and now they were scaried .
She was terrified , she starts thinking about the possibility of the death .
She got into her car and look for her husband for all their small city , Pentonville , after half an hour she saw him sleeping in a square .
George had lost her memory , and he could n't went back .
Nowadays , they are living a happy life and everyday Alison has to make him remember their life .
No future for public transport , it is one of problem if that fact .
now days , there are many type of transport in the world , bus taxi , train but train more conform then else , I always used bus in city .
if you to travel from city to city , public transport is cheaper than others .
my favorite sport is playing footboll .
I think that this sport is very happy .
Also , you could learn to be more friendly .
In my opinión , if you want to start to do this sport you could write a team . moreover , I think that it is good because you could help to lose wight .
The statement " public transport is our future " has been an interesting political discuss during years .
On one hand the public transport is good because it does n't pollute so much and you can muve around all the city .
Young people use it a lot .
We do n't use so much petroll like if we each of the passenger to use it own private transport .
In fact you ca n't use it if you have to carry a lot of things or when you have hurry .
In conclusion the public transport is very good and if it desapear it will be a big problem , is right that some times you need a private transport but apart from that the public transport is very use by people of all ages .
Transportation is very important in cities , villages as well as in sub - lines .
Many people has no vehicles , they only depends on public transport due to some reasons .
Any way in some cases , car is very useful to reach the destination very fast .
Public transport provide all the information about routes of the way which we are follow and give a idea to the passengers about the place .
Some times it may be very expensive due their taxes
I 'm a comitted , responsable , and an organized person .
I like new challenges to be better with myself .
I think that i have the enough experience for the job .
My skills and accomplishments speak for me , because i 'm qualified for this job , i have the requirements that are requested that apply to work here .
If you choose me , i comitted with myself to comply with all working in a timely manner because this is how i characterized .
The most important for me is have more work experience and surpass my achievements that i set long ago .
I await your response , Thank You .
First I would like to intoduce myself , my name is Joaquín Gutiérrez and I tell you why my favourite sport is football which is a sport than I have practiced since I was six years old .
I like very much this sport because it must be play with a gruop of people and is funnier than others sports which you play alone with other opponent , like tennis .
I have confessed that in the first time I did n't like it very much because I was a bit shy boy and I cost a lot of effort to integrate with the other players of the team but with the passage of the time I liked more and more .
Actually I play in the first divission of the club River PLate from Argentina .
I would like to advice for the children who give yours first steps in this sport that is which perseverance and effort you can achieve great treasures .
In the past , I did some exercises .
I have swum in the swimming pool and also I have cycle in my bicycle .
I have run upstairs so many times .
They 're healthy activities .
I went also , to the mountains with my family .
I ate a lot of fruit last year .
I loved the apples !
I always went to my school on foot .
But in summer I went by car .
Last year I gave some dolls of my sister to a charity .
I visited some friends of my parents and I wrote some letters to a friend .
Now , this year , I 'll do more exercises , I'll go with my family to the beach and swim in the sea .
I 'll eat better , I'll walk more , I'll walk more , do good things and speak more with my friends
Do you hear about Islam
What are your sources media or what ?
Can you ask yourself why we are here on earth to entertain or for what ?
Be honest with yourself
At first I would like to tell you that I do not agree with this statement . I could even tell that this opinion is opposite of the present and future situation .
As for me , even if travelling by car is so much more convenient , most people will always travel by a train , railway , bus and other types of public transport .
In my opinion people will travel by public transport more frenquely , because this type of transport is less expensive , more trustworthy and even more ecological than travelling by car .
In the other hand , we can say that it is really uncomfortable to travel by public transport , but even this we can improve in future .
We can discover new ways of travelling , take more care of our public transport and modernise them , so people would be motivated to travel by .
My trust in futuric technology is so enormous that I hope there are going to be a new ecological and cheaper ways to travelling around our world .
If this will happen , people are going to be more social and empatic , not even for peoples emotions , but also for our environment and they will treasure it .
To begin with , there are two ways of cutting down on pollution . which leads to global warming , that became a real threat of our life day by day .
Firstly , start to use renewable energy .
to illustrate , when we use the renewable energy we reduce emissions so , our natural resources will be conserved for our future furthermore sons future .
for example , using wind Energy or Solar Energy for electricity generation we will be used less fuel what is affected in emissions .
Secondly , we should improve our regulations that rules impose people lowering using things make a lot of pollution illustrate , using big vehicles or about building big facilities such as big factories .
As a result , ways to cut down on pollution . for instance , when one person uses a car for 6 people and many people do the same that make a lot of pollution for that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars for cutting down on pollution for a better future .
All in all , using renewable energy and improve our regulation is two ways to cutting down pollution for a better future .
Another thing we can do to a better future is avoiding war .
Because , war destroys mankind and countries .
Many wars start because , people do n't know or respect the other beliefs very well thus , we need to learn about belief other people we are live with them .
for example , the fight between Muslim and Hindus in India or in Lebanese civil war .
Secondly , do more cooperation between countries .
To illustrate , people should cooperation To intervene to bring peace to the world to stop the war in many areas like what United Nations doing .
For example , United Nations has taken the decision to ban mandatory weapons against South Africa because of racial persecution policy . in brief , knowing each other and do more cooperation between countries it is to ways to avoid war for a better future .
for that we need to improve our regulations to make people use small cars for cutting down on pollution for a better future .
All in all , using renewable energy and improve our regulation is two ways to cutting down pollution for a better future .
My most terrifying day was January 23rd , last year .
It was a normal Thursday .
I was at school : while I 'm listening to the English lesson I felt a strong headache .
After ten minutes I asked the teacher of called my parents for returned home .
At home , my dad and I had lunch , but my headache did n't finish .
At 2 p.m. my mum decided to go to the hospital because I ca n't undestood nothing and I ca n't talked .
On the hospital the doctor did me a drip and after some hours I felt better .
I do n't ever forget that day !
currently a very significant problem for its social and economic impact is the chaotic public transport in Lima .
To solve this problem Lima has been making long term strategies .
Lima is one of the cities with less road culture in the world .
we do not respect traffic rules to drive only with the intention to go fast as possible to our destination , this often causes traffict accidente and congestion .
For this reason people is becoming acure of the terrible problem and is learning and teaching vial culture to new generations .
Besides public institucions are promoting this and also private companies make advertising for awereness .
Lima is among the top ten cities have the messiest public transport in the world .
This is due to Lima in the beginning has not had a pant to desing its public road s and highways , and it only has been improvising to build their way without any criteria to transport its population .
Currently this issue is so important that governments are investing and working to create solutions such a metropolitan .
I think we have really become aware of the chaos of public transport and we have begun to design and implement strategies that in 20 years our reality improve our reality
In my opinion I believe the public transport will have future , because this transport is very necessary for the people .
In all cities of the world , the people will need the public transport to move around the city .
The people think that the public transport is only the bus , but the public transport is the bus , the taxis , train and subway .
Maybe travelling by car is so much more convenient , but there are a lot of cars and this car produce a lot of smoke and the nature is dying , if we do nothing , the nature will disappear .
I would like the people to take the public transport for travelling , so we will be able rescue the countryside .
I usually take the public transport for going to the University , because the public trasnport is cheaper than the car .
I used my car every day however few a few I started to take public transport for I can to save up money
With respect to the international dispute over the Diaoyutai Islands , the Republic of China should consistently express willingness to resolve the issue on a peaceful manner in line with the principles of the UN Chart and international law .
To this end , it has proposed the East China Sea Peace Initiative in 2013 called upon all parties concerned to the steps outlined below :
( 1 ) exercise restraint and refrain from taking any antagonistic .
( 2 ) shelve controversies and set up dialogue .
( 3 ) observe international law and resolve disputes through peaceful means .
( 4 ) seek consensus on a Code of Conduct in the East China Sea .
( 5 ) establish a mechanism in collaboratedly exploring and developing resources in the East China Sea .
One day , a little Egyptian boy read a book about Umrah .
He read about rites of pilgrimage and Kabaa .
After he finished the book , he wanted to go to the Kabaa and do rites of pilgrimage .
He closed his eyes .
He imagined he could fly like adragon .
Luckily , he remembered he had the dragon costume and he wore it .
As he pumped down the stairs , wings flapping cross Cairo .
He flied to Saudi Arabia .
Eventually he saw the Kabaa .
As he got closer , he saw alot of people around tha Kabaa .
They drank Zamzam water and wore Umrah clothes .
They was doing rites of pilgrimage .
One there , a man raised his hands and called to the God .
It 's amazing .
He had never seen anything so fantastic , but all too soon , it was time to leave .
He jumped and flapped and waved goodbye .
It had been fun day out but unfortunately he had to be home in the time for bed .
After he had arrived to home , he fell asleep and he started to think of his next adventure ..........
his new book was all about Paris .
My neighbourhood is a very pleasant area , it is big enough and it is so green .
The populations estimated around ten thousand person .
My neighbourhood surround by the large sequences of mountains which they have scenery view .
We got a large shopping centre with some local shop , you can obtain plenty of things that you want from it .
The One of the most amazing thing that attractive you , is that it has safari which is more enjoyable thing , at the sometime , it is introducing you to a wildlife without needs to go out from your city .
All amenities that is necessary for your daily life such as fantastic school with perfect teachers and modern building is found .
Transportation does not make a matter because it has got many bus lanes and bus stations .
It is not quiet and it is active city in a different ways .
If you like active city with enormous activity , I guess it is excellent place .
My favourite sport is badminton and I always get up early to play it every day . I like it becasue it is the best way to loss weight and get your health better than medicine .
I think someone should get exercise by starting play some favourite sport instead of watching TV or playing game .
The purpose of this propossal is to provide details abouts shopping facilities in my hometown , Vung Tau , and give some recommendations for tourists .
+ Local shops :
They had a long tradition dating back to the 18 century when Vungtau was a a small commercial port .
Not only are they well - known for its long tradition but it also famous for the hospitality of inhabitants living here which attract domestics and foreign tourists come here to see the famous sights as well as shopping for souvenirs .
They are closely located the local art gallery which take about 15 minutes to go by foot .
They offer a wide range of choice from souvenir items such as pictures , jewellries to local specialities with a reasonble price to suit different interests of people .
You can buy them as a small present to your family members or friends .
I assure that high - quality and various products there should be satisying your needs .
+ Shopping mall
It is conveniently situated in the town centre which takes 5 minutes to walk in a crow flies .
A lot of products such as consumer electronics , foods , souvenirs are sold here .
Compared with local shops , products ' price in shoping mall is considerably higher than that in local shops but it offers more varieties of products .
I highly recommend local shops to our tuorists for its cheap price and the hospitable manners of residents here .
Dear Mrs. Weber and Mrs. Schnappauf ,
good morning firstonce .
Now I 'll introduce myself .
My name is Yusuf Hamid I am 17 years old and I visit the state secondary school in Scheßlitz ,
tob e more precise , I am in the graduating class .
I come from Hallstadt , in close vicinity of Bamberg .
I have 1 older sister and 1 younger brother .
My hobbies are meet Friends and hangout with them or play baskteball in my spare time .
I 'm easily excited and nervous because this oral examination will determine wether i can do my A -level on the college of further education in Bamberg what i really want .
My favourite sport is play soccer .
It 's played by eleven players who try to score a goal during ninety minutes .
There is a grass floor , but it 's also played on artificial grass .
I really enjoy playing it because it 's very exciting because everything could happens .
I usually playing it with my partners and my friends which do the game even more fun .
I hardly recommend whoever to play soccer , because i 'm sure that they 're going to enjoy it very much .
It 's also a full sport because people will improve their health condition .
First I want to say is that people use the car like luxury objet , not as transport machine .
People spend their first salary to buy a car .
So , normally the use of the car is for pleasure .
Peolple do n't use the five seats of the car to go to travel .
From the point of view of the invaironment this is a bad idea because spend a lot of gas by person .
The cities are crowded and there are a lot of pollution with noises and smoke .
A new problem is being in the small cities , because they are not disigned to harbor a lot of cars .
I think that the main problem of the piblic transport is the infrastructure between villages and small cities , because they only exit between the great cities .
Some countries have a good net of intrastruture and people use then mainly , because the public transport is cheaper than the car and more quickly .
It is a problem of mentality , if we had born in a society that used the public pranspor I thought that is the better and we would use then normally .
In my own town , people do n't use public transport , some months ago the council gave a public sercice bike and three months later they had to close it .
It is a pity .
How can you celebrate new year in your country ?
My name is Afsaneh , I'm from IRAN , I came to London 4 months ago and I want to talk about Iranian celebration of new year .
we have 3 special days during the celebration of our new year .
They are called below :
1- chaharshanbeh soori
2- Norouz
3- sizdehbedar
chahrshanbeh soori :
It meaning Tuesday night of week and take place on last Tuesday night of the year .at this night people make a bonfire and jump over the fires and say to fire : I give you my sign of sickness(yellow color)and you give me your healthy sign ( red color)and eat some special foods .
Norouz :
It meaning new day of the new year and takes place on 21 March ( first day of spring ) this day very important for us because we cleaning our house , buying new clothes just for new year .The major things in Norouz day is haft sin table and include the seven items which start with letters " s " .
we gathering around the table on this day and waiting for the spring on last moments of the year .
When the new year start we hug and kiss together , wishing happy new year and presents will exchange .
In during the holiday people going to see their family , friends and relatives in type of short time visit .
Sizdehbedar :
It means Thirteenth day of spring , on this day people going picnic and spent the day out of their homes on the nature because they believe that Thirteen number that brings bad luck for them .
The television can entertain , and also educate the people .
Have so many educacionals programs , like Animal Planet , and so many others .
Sometimes , some tv shows are so great that helps you in determinate class , for example , Animal Plante can help you in biology , The History can help in history , etc ... In my opinion the television can be good as books , and can also be a form of learning as good as only reads books , because TV is something fun , so you can learn and have fun at the same time .
Series also can help you to study , for me it helped me a lot because I love series and some q I watch helped me in school , such as breaking bad , which helped me in chemistry , and so many others .
last year I saw a movie called ' ' side by side '' , and talked a little of life in old history , and coincidence I was having this matter in school , then it helped me a lot .
in my opinion the television can entertain as can educate people on different ways .
16 May 2014
Dear Company ,
I am writing in response to your adversiment SUMMER CAMPS .
I am very interested in the job , because I would like to work this summer for you .
I could start when you tell me .
I have worked as a assintant cook in a Lagunak Restaurant last summer I worked in other restaurant in London , however I would like to look after children because I have studied to be a teacher .
Also I have worked in others summer camps how are Funny Camp , Nature Camp , etc .
My CV is enclosed .
I believe I suitable for this job , because I enjoy working with children and I know to cook very well .
Also for me the salary is not a problem because my motivation is to learn
I look forward to hearing from you .
yors faithfully .
Juan Antonio
Everyone says that our lifes are going to change in the future but that is what everyone says .
Right ?
In the future I really want my grandchildren to be happy that is all I ask for . I may be young but I think I do n't see myself living on earth in the next 50 years i mean dream does not hurt .
I question myself everyday how can i survive in this madness world ?
I do not know how to answer this question honestly but i guess i will never know .
I think that public transport has a great future because every time there are more people who use it .
However , I think it is very expensive but with a decrease in the cost there would be more people .
Nowadays have a car is very expensive because you have to pay a lot of thinks .
Public transport would have more future if it were better distributed .
Personally , I use more public transport but I hardly ever use private transport
Baja California is bigger than Aguascalientes for the beaches and tourist cities .
The transportation is practical because not all places are search , use more the car , truck and sometimes boat .
The tourist will never be able bored and will have much time to visit the city .
Baja California weather is not as cold as Chihuahua .
When you go to the beach you have across a large avenue to get there walking .
I 'm very tiring day , when I go and went straight to bed .
The last few days that I was in Baja California I 've got very little time for shopping and go to the beach .
Dear Jo ,
How 's it going ?
Well I think you have chosen the best idea , because there are
more places to visit in Italy .
First I believe you can travel from north of Italy to the south , in
order to see all the best places that we have , like Milan , Rome and
Lecce .
Find a job in Italy is n't as easy as you think , because the
economic system is in crisis , so it 's hard just for Italian , thinking for
foreign people .
But it 's not all , since you know two languages , maybe you can find
a summer work in a travel agency , because they need someone to
reception who can speak another language over Italian .
I will find out someone who know the agency 's manager , and you will
have sent me your curriculum after the weekend , because he will surely want it .
I 'm very glad to read you again ,
Ettore .
Ettore
I think the car is more convenient for public transport .
In the car you do not have a timetable to be respected , you 're free to leave , to go home when you want ... not sit still to snow , rain , cold .
And without getting stuck in a city for delays for drivers . on public transport there is the possibility that you 're standing on the whole trip , there is always a lot of people , is cold in the winter and in the summer it 's too hot .
trips are longer on public transport or by car .
although I do not know if this would always choose the machine .
By reading the history , we can know that some disasters happened every the year of Jaiwu .
And there is no exception this year .
There happened several serious natural or man - made disasters in this year .
In Taiwan , a serious air crash caused by the bad weather happened first .
A terrible explosion resulting from carelessness followed .
A storm of food problems broke out next .
In the global , up to three air crashes which result from being hijacked or shot happened .
There were also conflicts between western countries and the ISIS .
In my opinions , all of us are supposed to be careful about all the details when we deal with everything to prevent disasters .
Additionally , all human beings should stop fighting and devote ourselves to pursuing a peaceful world .
Last but not least , we should do everything with our conscience .
Hope that the next year will be better .
Frankly it seems that the town that I have been living have not taken care about the environment .
It is easy to see when we walking around or when we go to some walk .
In general we do n't take care about nothing , water , recyclable things even our air conditioning .
This is such a chronic problem in all my country .
Here in Brazil is very difficult take care about it because it demands serious behaviour and skills from our gorvernants which unfortunatuly wo n't happens in a short time .
Although Brazil passed through several changes since last 40 years , the main one haven't started yet and I am talking about Education .
Our government prefer keep our population without information , because it is easier to manipulate their mind .
And why am I talk about it ? I am talk about it because the foundation of environment care is our minset , just with knowledge and information we will be able to manage actions to save , protect and improve the environment , and reverse we have the current result .
So if we believe it is a kind of important subject to take care , we need to move fast and our first step should be our election process .
A house is made of walls and beams ; a home is built with love and dreams .
this aphirism is famous and truth .
People try to build big and laxuries house but they forgot about the main .
it is warm which is needful for us .
we can have really good house where are many furniture , space and ornaments .
we can choice expencive things for interior .
but these things are not important if there is not comfortable atmosphere .
we have to invest our love , dreams , patient . and as a result we can create the best house ever .
building our house we make the most important place for us .
so we have to follow our dreams and create a warm and cosy place
In this report I am going to talk about how in my town take care of the environment .
First at all , I ask the council for this great problem which is the pollution and the way to solve it .
He is aware that the growth of the pollution is a big problem and that must be taken mesuares for trying to solve it .
It is not easy way but it is necessary to do it .
n the town he tries that the people have to aware about the sitiations and they take care the environment
On the other hand , the ask is if this solution could be enough or no .
The " green " organisations want to believe the problem is serious and that radical political solutions are needed .
In my opinion we should take conciencious and stop it , if we don , t stop it , after it will be later .
Me and my family .
I love my family , we argue hardly ever !
I do lots of activities with them ..
For example : we go to the restaurant , we go to see my brother 's football match , we eat or stay at home all together .
We sometimes do presents at the party like the Birthday ...
The best present that I receive was ... I do n't remebmer !
Another thing , at my home there are some rules : I and my brother tidy our room , we clean the bathroom when we use it , we ca n't eat in the sofà ..
I always try to follow rules but I sometimes break them because I 'm lazy !
I do n't argue with only one of my family .. I sometimes argue with my brother for television channels but we make up immediately .
With my parents I argue about school , how I use my mobile phone , how I speak with them ..
My last argue with my family was yesterday
I 'll talk about Kingdom Of Saudi Arabia , Riyadh City specialty .
First , you should know is the weather , we have a very cold winter and a hot summer compared with the other countries in the middle east .
If you want a city with sea you should choose any city in the west or east of Saudi Arabia .
Riyadh is the capital City it 's in the center of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
All the stores and malls are closed at mid night include the five prays breaks because we need to go for pray for work you need to know what the major you want to work in so I can help you to search for a good job matching you abilities .
after what I told you about my country I hope you like it .
I will write about my village .
My village has around 700 residents
My village is between a river and a mountain .
It has a lot of beautiful things how an old church of century XV but this church is in ruins but the new church also is very beautiful and comfortable .
My village has a wall of the stone , this wall was built by resident of the village in 1715 .
Other interesting place in my village is the square with his source
Also there the same supermarket , bar and restaurants .
For many years , people use public transport to go to work to study and to travel .
So , we use trains , buses and bikes to transport from place to place .
let us discover the aventadges and disavandges the
I think that a public transport will have future by the many reasons .
The car could be broken .
Man could have some problems with his health .
For example , if man had broke a leg , it might be hard to drive a car .
Also , for somebody it could be cheaper to travel by a bus , especially for a tourist from a foreign country .
Sometimes are better to travel by the bus because of thorny road .
Bus is one of the democracy transport , which is used by the students , kids , adults , rich and poor people .
When you are travelling with a big company , it is a best decision to travel by the bus .
Because everyone has a place in the bus .
And it 's funny and exciting to travel with the group by the bus .
Nowadays , people has a stressfull live so we ca n't spend time waiting for public transport .
We can think that there is no future for public transport because most of people use their own car .
Using your own car you can take the decision of what timetable is more convenient and what way your are go to use .
It 's more confortable go anyway with your own car , the problem is the pollution that this life bring us , and also the park problem .
If everybody go with their own car , their have to park and maybe the place is full .
Also , travelling by car is so much more convenient because you do n't have to go stopping in each town , so using your own town saves time .
Nowadays , people are really worried for their jobs due to the big financial crisis in which some people are lost their jobs and other are working in rubbish jobs for little money .
For all this , the question is too difficult to answer .
In my opinion , the most important is enjoy your work because we spent an average of nine hours in the office or in whatever work that we will do , as a result if you do n't feel comfortable , your life could be a hell .
The truth is , that the perfection would be that all people could work in their dream jobs and of course , making a lot of money , like for example Hollywood actors or football players but this is almost impossible .
In summary , for me , it is better enjoy at work every day , although you have not a big salary .
The most important is wake up each day with a big smile and work hard .
The scorch trials is one of the best films and thriller that I have ever seen , it is so exited all the thing that they do to survive in the outside world with all those people that are infected with a virus and the reason why they put them in the glade for them to be inmune if some sick person bite them .
one of the most amazing parts of the film is when Teresa calls Cruel for go for them and take them again to the Cruel building and like all of them does n't wanna go with them they start a war and they take Mihno with them and at the end Thomas decide to go after them and he give a super great speech for all the persons go with them and help him to get back Mihno , and what i really want to see in the next film is that if Thomas is mad at Teresa ( i never like her ) and if they get free and the world comes back to the normal world .
Ecotourism Bacalar Quintana Roo .
it is a beautiful place where people can go to spend an excellent time and enjoy the forest and lagoons .
There are cabins where you can have a good time in front of the bonfire and sleep in a beautiful room made of ecological materials .
In the trip you can do many activities like climbing , swimming , paddling rafting and enjoying the place .
It is a beautiful place to go on your free time and get to know it .
Hi , I am Marianne Willemsen .
I think I am the appropriate personn for this job because I have a lot of motivation and a good English level .
I would also like to get this job because I love the USA and I often do Babysitting so the company of children not afraid me .
I am a good cook .
When I was younger I went to summer camp in France , consequently I know which activities I can propose to children .
I hope I convince you .
Best regards .
I love English but there is an interesting subject I want to study and it 's Mathematics .
This subject is beautiful and incredible . I like it very much .
I want to do this course everyday if it 's possible also now .
I want yours helps .
Can you help me somehow?Please I want to study this subject .
Thank you very much .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
The day began as usual and no signs of trouble were but when she woke up and went down stairs she saw a dog but the dog was an unusual color .
Usually her dog had a blue color but at that moment it was Red
Recently , I have seen the Tarantino 's new film , Django Unchained , and I have to recognize that I am looking forward to watch the next one .
He took down every mistake he made last films .
Firstly , Django Unchained remembered us the hard life suffered by black people in the past , due to a great introduction without dialogues , where black people were unchained while they came back to be selling to an owner farm , it being matching with an amanzing soundtrack as identity Tarantino 's films .
Nowadays , In many country the youth looking for doing sports to be fitness and very active there are many sports to join it .
On the other hand , there are some arguments for sport specially volleyball .
When I play volleyball I totally forget all my problems and focus on nothing but volleyball and the intensity of the game .this game i like to play .
The kind of stress that pushes me to work harder in order to get good at what I love .
In addition to this It pushes me to keep on trying so that I can get everything right .
It 's all about will power and the absolute want to get better .
On the one hand , there are alot of famous player on volleyball who had Knee ligament injuries , The most frequent mechanism of injury was landing from a jump in the attack zone .
In addition to this , Injuries were more frequent during games than training .
In my opinion , Volleyball must then be considered among high - risk sports according to the frequency and gravity of our surgical findings.my advice for who starts this sport you will get fresh after you play this game and makes you doing your work in relaxetion way .
I believe there are numerous possibilities on public transport because cars and public transport play completely different roles in our society .
First of all , public transport probably meets the demands of people who hardly or do n't use their cars to travel .
In Japan , which has one of the largest population over 60s , many senior people prefer to use buses to cars .
In addition , a new generation appear and they do n't own their cars because of a few opportunities to travel and high cost of having a car on their own .
Second , public transport provides a quick and easy way to visit unfamiliar places with us .
It is not necessary for us to know in advance how to get to the destination before the departure by using public transport .
So it prevents us to open maps to confirm every single route .
Lastly , we can use less resources by using public transport .
When it comes to our environment , the use of transport could be a solution for reducing the emission of CO2 .
Because of these reasons , I see a blight future for public transport .
it is out of the question the take care of the environment is regarded as turning point in our life .
it is upstearm that irrigates our economic life . and no doubt that Negligence has the ability to destroy many good sides in our life .and our government is doing her best to put end to negligence .
but we also must coparation to save our town . on the other hand we must Presentation awareness program for all people .
and we must throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean and we must Maintain clean trees to keep the area attractive thus we can improve National income by attracting many people from other town . and we must lern children that clean is necessary for their health and on their school they should throw rubbish on Waste basket and who throw it on the ground Will be punished . to top it all we ca n't go without Cleanliness of our town .
Natural environment destroyed that is a people focus on frequently problem .
Many countries build more and more buildings affect people quality of life .
Setting up more large building can destroyed people and animals live environment and some animals maybecan extinction .
Governments should do some measures to deal with build more buildings will destroy the ecological environment .
There is no future for public transport , becasue travelling by car is so much more convenient .
I 'm not agree abaout this statement becasue in a big cities there are a lot of cars , if all people in a city use his own car at the same time , there will be a huge traffic , so travelling by car is n't much more convenient in this situation .
There are more problems in big cities , one of them is parking , there are a lot of areas in a city that is very difficult to park , and you only have 2 options , you can park in a private parking and pay a lot of money or you can waste you time searching for a place of parking .
Good evening ! I 'm Katerina .
I want to talk about my favourite sport game .
Have you ever heard about hockey ?
This is really my favourite sport game .
And I am fond of Russian team .
We are taking part in championship this year .
It will take place in Minsk .
We are the best team of all .
And I am glad to win a cup of championship .
I am waiting for a final of this game .
I want to give advice for children .
Do n't be afraid of hockey!You used to sit in front of computer , but the best choice will get up and go to the hockeyclub .
Hello !
I am Xyz I have a 18 years old and I am student .
I like to sing and I can play the guitar .
I am a volunteer and I work as a babysitter . I can cooking .
I am cheerful and hardworking .
I can speak English very well .
I have experience in this work , because last year I worked at a children camp in London .
I enjoy fun with childrens .
I think I ' m a perfect candidate for this job .
Please contact with me .
My email adress is xxxxxxxx .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Your sincerely ,
Xyz
Hi Chris how are you ?
I am was asking to me if you want to go to the party with me ?
what you think ?
the party is the next week on Julias house , it is going to start at 5:00 pm
My favorite sport is swimming .
I engaged in swimming in nine years old .
I had gotten first prize in a match .
As a result , I think that I have some intellent on swimming .
Since then , I meet my teacher in the pool .
She teach me a lot of things , and be the most important figure in my life .
She is a doctor , she told me that swimming will let my body more better .
From then on , I fell my disease in decreasind and fell relax .
Consequently , I need to swim usually .
First of all , swim can help your health .
The research declined that swim can decrease disease .
Second , swim can relax yourself .
When you in the water , you will feel relax .
Third , swim can get more friend .
You can go to the swimming club , that is a way to meet people with interesting of same .
You can try this sport from now on .
Running
I am fond of running !
Many people think running is a wasting time or it 's very difficult but I do n't agree .
Firstly , you will be stronger , enduring .
I started with three kilometers for one jog .
Now my average jogging is 8 - 10 kilometers and going on 40 - 50 minutes .
My best result is 15 km , but I guess awhile .
Secondly , you will be healthier .
I am less having a cold .
Even if I have a cold , I will get out and will run 4 - 5 km .
After that on the next day , I feel myself better .
Four years ago I had often cold and recovery long period .
Now I have more energy and health to become happier .
Thirdly , you will be more confident .
I started running four years ago .
Cause of this was hurt my leg .
After rehabilitation I continued feel hurt in my foot and I still limped .
I decided to stop this and one gorgeous morning I starting running !
As result , I know the men can be harder than can be seem .
After these moments , you starting doing things that many people think impossible or even unbelievable .
My recommendations for beginners .
1 ) Improve yourself in a gradual way .
I advise start from one km .
2 ) Work systematically .
Two - three jogging in a week is norm for beginners .
3 ) Grow up .
First week one km , second one km and 300 meters etc .
4 ) Think about your initial physical conditions .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
I am writing to apply for a job in Mrs Cafe .
I found ad about this job on the Internet
I would like to start working in your cafe , because it is very interested in the kitchen and everything connected with it .
I have experience in working in a cafe .
My advantage is that I am very open and friendly .
My last job is working as dealer in a lot of shops .
I think I am good at dealing with people , particularly in the food .
I traveled a lot , because this is my hobby , I learned about a lot of food in many countries
I used to work full - time jog .
I am prepare for long working hours , that 's no problem for me , because I am young and I like working and spend timee with people .
I look forward for new challenges and tasks .
I believe I would be an ideal candidate for this position .
I am an open , hard - working and responsible student .
I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as it is possible .
I expect a positive response .
Patrycja Vigh
Dear Peter ,
How are you ?
do you have any plan on next Sunday ?
We want to go for a picnic to the park near my house at 12:00.My husband invited you for that .
Do you fancy for coming ?
If you come let me know do you like meat ?
see you soon
Katy
Is Physical Education necessary at schools ?
First of all , It is true that not all the people like do sports because they are heavy and a bit stressful too .
We can also say that there are other subjects more important than Physical Education , like Biology or History .
However , Physical Education is necessary because makes people less lazy .
Despite the fact that sports are heavies , doctors are always saying that sports improves our health .
Schools have Physical Educations for teach this good habit since our childhood .
In conclusion , Physical Education are necessary at schools because sports improve our health and make us feel good and healthy .
I would like to make a reservation for the next month , from 24th may till 28th ( 4 nights , Double room ) but I have doubts about booking policy .
I mean , after reading the terms and deposit policy , I understand I must pay the first night at the booking time and the rest of the stay it would be paid upon arrival to the front desk .
Plus , in case I cancelled the reservation 48 hrs before arrival it would charged the 5% of the full stay .
I understand this part , but in case I have to cancel the reservation , how should I do it ?
By phone , by mail or on your website .
To begin with I would like to say that doing a sport is very important to keep us thin and healthy .
My favourite sport is swimming because it is the one I have been practising for a long time ago since I was a kid .
I like swimming because it is a sport that makes me work all my body and it is also a really complete sport .
Nowadays it is really important to know how to swim because when we are in holidays we spend most of our time in the water at the swimming pool or even at the sea .
I like other sports such as football and volleyball too .
I would give the advice that this sport makes people healthy but it also help us to make new friends because while we are training we have mates in our team which we can talk to and make them our friends .
Otherwise it is a sport where you do not have contact with your friends what helps not to make injuries .
To conclude , I think this is a really good sport to start with when we are a little child to gain experience and year after year becoming better and improving .
No wonder if we say that sport is so important .
It keeps our bodies in good condition .
Actually there are two kinds of sports .
First one is individual sports and in this kind you practice your game alone and you are the only player on your team .
Second kind is team sports .
In this kind , you are one of the team and all the team play as a one person .
A lthough some people prefer individuIal games , but I prefer team games .
Because it teach as the meaning of cooperation and leadership .
Team sports are very important and they include a lot of kinds .
My favourite team sport is football .
I play football every day with my friends at club .
I found football interesting because it teach us a lot of morals such as cooperation and onest .
I also can get fun with my friends when I play it .
I think it is the most interesting sport
Famous people definitely deserved to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
I think everyone should have their private lives .
In our world lives many personalities , more or less known , such a film - stars , music - stars and so on , but why they ca n't have normal lives ?
They also have families , they also sleeps , have friends , and that 's normal . We can look at them like aliens .
Honestly , if I were in their shoes I would n't stand it .
I would feel like a prisoner , who ca n't do anything , because someone will make a photo of it , and I wo n't have peace .
Actually I have to admit , that , film stars , politicians and other famous people have to count on fame .
They must know , people will identifie them , walking through the street .
They ca n't complain , because it 's the way of life they choose .
In my opinion , everyone deserves for calmness .
Dear Sir ,
With reference to your advertisement in the current issue of the summer camp job , I am writing to you to apply for it .
In the advertisement you state that you need a person who has skills for job with children .
I would like to tell you that I have done a course in which I have learnt to organise all kinds of activities with children since canoeing from swimming competitions , also , I worked in a summer camp last yaer where y could put all the things that I have learnt in practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to do it again .
Because of that , if you want , I will send you a recommendation letter from my boss in that camp .
In addition to that , I am well organised at the kitchen and I can cook a lot of different dishes .
I would be very grateful if you would consider my application .
I look forward to heraing from you as soon as possible .
Yours sincerely .
Hi Paul ,
it 's great to hear from you .
Everything 's ok .
The concert was just flubbergasted .
What a pity , that you haven't been there .
If I knew about the thing before I would invite all my mates .
It really was amazing , I think , it was a breakthrough in my perception of music .
What 's more , I did n't have to pay for the ticket , because it was a volunteer work - closing the door after people that were coming out of the concert hall .
The good thing about it was the fact , that the band(actually I even do n't remember it 's name)was playing with so much passion , that no one probably even think about leaving the place .
In a word , doing nothing was the big advantage of this kind of work .
There were many things that just stunned me in one moment , when the band started to play ...
First of all , Balkan music turned out to be one of the most irresistible kinds I have ever heard .
In my opinion music like this should be diplayed more often in the radio and other mass media .
The bad thing about it is that the band is not popular , and not many people have ever heard about it .
Mass media do not want to introduce this kind of music , probably because it would displace the mainstream - pop music .
See you soon !
Take care ,
Jim
Dear Mr ,
With reference to your advertisement posted on the web ( CareerCast IT ) a few days ago , I am sending you attached my curriculum vitae in support of my application for the following position : Graduate Project Engineer , which are being offered at your company .
I have never worked as an engineer , but I am experienced on electronics like a hobbyist since I was a child . I have my personal lab equipment and I have designed and assembled several circuits .
Please , feel free to get in touch with my teacher in order to obtain references for me : ( 5wYU8kZ1pS6@uniovi.es Phone : 34 123 45 67 89 , He speaks English fluently ) .
I live in Spain at this moment .
If you give me the opportunity to consider my application , it would certainly be a great job opportunity for me to gain experience in the engineering field and developing my professional career .
I do n't worry salary now , instead of a chance of showing my skills .
I would agree with working at minimum salary or working in practice .
I honestly think I 'll be very valuable to you .
My learning and work capacity together with my enthusiasm are the core strengths could be of great help to your company .
My degree is adapted to the European Higher Education and it 's valid in the whole EU .
I should like to thank you in advance for granting me an appointment for an interview and look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Many people all around the world love football .
Football is such a beauty sport because it is really a fun in a lot of many ways .
Football is my favourite sport and I think it is never going away in my life .
I love football because there 's a lot of enjoyment in it .
I play football for Waitakere college school first eleven as a deffender and I enjoy playing that position because it is easy for me to play .
I used to dream of playing for barcelona and because barcelona has good players I like I , for example Lionel Messi .
Because where I was born there was n't any chance for me to practise football so I can become really good like other players .
But even though I will never get a chance of playing for my dream team I still enjoy playing football . I can play with people who are good and I still have fun .
I advise young kids to train hard and play football because there 's a lot of fun .
Once you start playing football , on a young age you get really better at football .
The last hotel I went was one the best one of my holidays .
" The heaven " , this was its name , was a nice small hotel near the seaside in the south of Italy , near Paestum exactly .
When we arrived there , last summer in July , the owners welcame us with a magnificent basket of fresh fruits in the room and a variety of drinks in the fridge all included in the room 's fee .
Any room in the hotel has a balcony which overlooks on the sea so every morning , when you wake up , you hear the sound of the waves breaking on the beach .
During our stay all the staff was friendly and always available .
Even if all meals were delicious and plentiful , you could also drink or eat special snacks while you were on the sunny beach .
I would recommend this hotel to anyone because there you will completely relax and really it will seem to you I you were in heaven !
My Favourite Sport - Football .
There is perhaps notthing more pleasant than when your favourite sport is as healthy as enjoyable .
I believe that many people would agree with me , as football is the most faurite sport in the world .
Since I was five I have enjoyed playing football with my friends in front of our block of flats .
It all started very naturally .
The ball was object which provided us with lots of fun while we kicked to it and had friendly matches .
As time went by , football remains my favourite sport .
It still gives me great fun within incredible company of my friends and it keeps me fit as well .
The best time for football is a sunny day after recent rain when ground is nice and soft and air is fresh .
Football is great sport for everyone men , women , children , adults , even elderly people enjoy it .
As someone who has played this sport for ages , my advice to people starting this sport is : get right equipment , find friendly team , and enjoy the game .
Soon you will also enjoy your improved condition and better health .
I definitely recommend this sport to everyone who wants to keep fit , have fun amongst their friends , and live happy life .
Dear Jo
How have you been , my friend .
it been a long time I never see you , and you always wanted to visit Taiwan , my beautiful country .
I heard about You want to have a trip in Taiwan , I lovely helped you when you came to Taipei .
Taiwan 's culture always talked about eat .
At any time of day or night , we could see people eating in all kinds of eating establishments , from restaurants to food stalls in the streets .
I would show you the restaurant where is my favorite choice .
We also could go hiking on the mountain or go swimming at the beach , so you would have a good time in my country , Taiwan
On the other hand , you wanted to look for a job , maybe you could have part - time job in the cram school .
Many children usually did n't know how to study Engilsh , and you could help them to get there .
If you have interest in my idea , I would help you to find one immediately .
your friend
Nick
Tom and I have been training for a long time .
We knew we had a competition and that it was a really hard one .
The other team was profesional , they had won many competitions , they were really good but Tom and I knew that we could won .
Our competition was on Monday , we had one day left .
We made a schedule with all our training days and hours .
Another day was starting , another day of training , our last one .
We had to make the last effort to reach the point we wanted .
Winning , we knew it had a cost but one that we could achieve .
On that last day of training , we started with a light run .
Tom was really tired and it was really weird because it was not a hard run , I knew it was because of the nerves .
After the run we continued with our daily routine .
After three hours of training , Tom and I were extremely exhausted .
I told tom I wanted to talk about our achievements before we went home .
Tom said he was really happy and proud of us .
He also thanked me and told me that if it was n't for me he would n't even think about playing tennis in a professional way .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Dear Summer Camp ,
I am a University student .
I 'm 18 years old and I 'm interested in working in your Summer Camp .
Two months ago I worked in a kinder garden .
I know how to look after kids I even have two little sisters and I take care of them .
I have experience with kids .
I can also do different activities with kids for example : singing , running around the garden , planting trees , drawing , playing instruments , etc .
At school I learned how to cook different types of food and desserts .
I can teach kids recipes that they can cook .
I 'm the rigt person for the job because I 'm reliable and experienced .
Best regards
Karen
Sport is an important for all of us because it helps us avoiding disease , and becoming healthier .My favuorit sport is swimming .So practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feeling fresh and relax .
Moreover , daily excrsise is very good idea which helps us to avoid overweight and to keep your body healthier .So I always want to advise people to practise this sport or other kind of sports to avoid diseases .
Two movies .
During the last months , we could see a huge number of new movies issued by many famous European and American majors .
The two I have enjoyed the most are " The wolf of Wall Street " and " The Secret life of Walter Mitty " , or more simply " Walter Mitty " .
The first one is basically based on a true story of the main character , a financial broker , who is acted by the famous Hollywood actor Leonardo di Caprio and on how he become rich by breaking the rules and speculating on the stock exchange market .
I would define it an action movie .
Walter Mitty instead deals with the fantastic story of the main character , an archivist , whose life will been changed completely when the company he works for is taken over by one of its competitors .
Walter Mitty is acted by an excellent Ben Stiller , now arrived at the top of his career as actor .
Far from the noisy and reality of The Wolf of Wall Street , Walter Mitty offers to the audience a delicious portrayal of the main character 's life and adventures , through which he will discover his true self and will restart a new life .
Although presenting a more vivacious plot , The Wolf of Street is not able to keep the attention of the audience like Walter Mitty does .
I must say that The secret dream of Walter Mitty is a well - constructed movie that I strongly recommend to anyone who would spend a great evening watching an entertaining movie .
Dear Sir or Madan ,
My name is Rebeca Costa and I am writing this letter about the advertisement for job in the USA Sumer Camps .
I am 32 years old and even thought I live in Brazil I have a fluent English level .
In order to improve my English skills and also have a chance to meet new people from all around the world I have got very excited about that position available .
I think that I can help you on several camps activities , because of my background in volunteer work I have experience not only in the kitchen but also organising and managing some youth sports games in my neighborhood .
Please I would like to know more information on how to proceed to apply and when this job will commence .
I am looking forward to hearing from you in a few days .
Yours faithfully
Rebeca Costa
It is undoubtedly true that in today 's modern world people commute to work mostly by their private vehicles .
It seems more convenient to them to move on their own rather than tied to a public transport .
It can be argued that public transport system has been loosing its popularity in many ways .
People feel that they can get to their destinations on time if they drive their own car .
It is true in many cases as public transport like buses , trains and trams have their own specific routes and stops .
This may cause people in getting late to their particular destination .
Secondly , public transport seems to be going expensive day by day which has reduced its popularity .
People therefore find cars more affordable for them .
In modern society cars have become more cheaper to buy , which in turn has helped people to have them .
Moreover , many car finance companies have made it easy for every individual to purchase the car .
In conclusion , i would say that due to recent advancements in society , there has been a considerable increase in the car ownership .
It can therefore be predicted easily that there will be no role of public transport in the future .
I think that when you want to get famous because of something that you do ( for example : writing musical ) you have to accept what comes with it .
It 's true that sometimes paparazzi cross the line and invade their private properties which I find awful .
However , there are also those kinds of people that get famous for doing nothing or just being rich as it 's the case of Paris Hilton .
That makes me wonder who really deserves fame and who does n't , but fame is not the same as being remembered .
We can see that people get famous when they die , so , journalists are basic to create a negative or positive point of view of that person .
They are just people , but not like you or me , or at least I do n't have a fabulous ferrari to comfort me when I 'm sad .
" Nowadays , older people are disadvantaged because they lack the ability to use technology confidently . " Do you agree or disagree ?
The difficult to learn something .
In our word it 's impossible to live without using technology .
Some people said that the world could be better if it 'll return to the past where the life was more simply .
But this is an anachronism .
It 's impossible to stop the science .
The question is whether the older people are disadvantage in using technology in confidential way .
One can not ignore that it 's more easy for young people to improve their knowledge than the older .
It depends on the capacity of children to learn more fast than the old adults .
There are not doubts : young people use technology much more easily than old people .
By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example explain well and calm the use of new technology to an old man or woman , at the end , also these people are in conditions to use it .
New technology consists , for instance , in smart phone , tablet , pc .
There are some old people who are interested to know how work technology , but others who are not interested at all .
For these last one , it 's not necessary to use technology , because they can continue to live without using it .
To conclude , if it 's true that not all people use technology confidently , who is interested can be involved in using new technology even if the final results could be lower than their expectations .
Dear Sir/ Madame ( director the film department )
I am writing this letter , because the last week I read a notice in your STUDENT FILM CLUB magazine about a movie or thriller that I like it and I can advise you .
Well , last Sunday , I went to the cinema and I watched THE TITANIC , perhaps the movie counts us , the typical story the rich girl falls in love with the poor boy .
But the best of all for me is the sinking of the ship , when it fell down to bottom of the ocean .
the film explains us how happened the fact of the same way that in the near XIX century .
The director has wanted to make the story the best real possible .
He explains us the building of the ship , why it sank , how it stood in the bottom ocean and how the people helped them one to others .
I really like the beginning of the movie , because we can see the ship when it was really new , with their chair , table and another furniture .
In my opinion I think that the love story is enclosed to explain better the sinking .
I look forward to hearing from you .
As requested by a local tourist office , this is a report regarding shopping facilitiesin my town and shops that will appeal to tourists with different interests .
First of all , there are many shopping malls in different areas of my town .
One of them which includes all interests is Afi Palace Cotroceni .
Its location is in the western part of Bucharest .
Regarding the actual shopping , it has more than 30 shops with a variety of things , from fashionable clothes to delicious food and even squaint books .
Moreover , it is a source of entertainment starting with children to elders .
In fact .
it has 2 different cinemas , one with Imax option .
Another part of Bucharest for shopping is Unirea Shopping Centre .
Called in a malicious way , there are 6 floors for jewerly , clothes , accessorises , gadgets , books etc .
On the last floor is the food court , closed aired which is by far too populated and full of smoke .
Being in the centre of Bucharest , you can go outside , in downtown to consider visiting new cultural things while shopping in boutiques and relaxing on a terasse with a cool lemonade .
Most of the time , clothes are handmade and original .
In addition to that , cheap is the best word describing the costs .
To sum up , it would seem that Downtown is a preferable place , with better value for money .
Although using your own car is betten for moving around the city , public transport has shown to be a good way for travelling lost distances with a low cost and , depending on its quality , also low budget .
There is not probably a bright future for public transport if it does n't develop as it should in the world we are living today ; that is , if enterprises continue with their current already old - fashioned business model , for sure they will lose customers , and so , benefits and weight in the transportation world .
In conclusion , this kind of transport will have to enhance if the companies in charge want citizens to use their buses , trains and other public vehicles in the future .
Those improvements may include lowering the price , reducing the times or offering new destinations and more resources .
Working holidays abroad
Introduction
The aim of this report is to share the experience of different students who had been working abroad during the summer .
In order to do so , I conducted interviews with 30 university students .
Pros
Every single one of them said that if you work abroad , you will improve your English a lot since you will be listening and speaking it all day .
In addition , another advantage is that by working all summer you can earn some money for your personal expenses .
Cons
However , almost every student confessed having felt homesick despite the fact that they made a large amount of friends there .
Another drawback is that unless you are really motivated , it will be difficult for you to adapt to a new city .
Conclusion
Even if there are some disadvantages , most students agreed that this is an amazing experience not to be missed .
All in all , I suggest encouraging students to find a job abroad during the summer .
there are few things which I am very keen and passionate of , in the whole world .
one of these it 's surely my sport .
I have been practicing swimming pool since I was six years old , now I am twenty one . this should not let you stay without a clue of how much I care about my hobby .
This is not just a sport but an extraordinary thing I do in the ordinary life , in the everyday life .
When I am tired , stressed , depressed , frustrating , sick of the passing fancies or fake friends , there is just one thing that is able to make me feel better and snap out of it : this is , of course , swimming .
So I let myself drop in the water of the pool , and as soon as I am completely submerged , all the problems , sadness and heaviness of life suddenly disappear , and that 's the most amazing emotion i could ever try .
If I had to suggest a sport to do for children , I would recommend it because whether it makes everyone be in shape , it is healthy and guarantee an upper level of wealth .
I advise the parents to let the children begin swimming as soon as they can , provided they are interested in it .
It is not worth saying each one should follow their passions .
I 'll finish saying that even when I was young if my father had asked me if I would have rather go to a swimming race or to a candy fair , I would have surely chosen the first one .
I find it difficult to have a healthy way of life currently .
First of all the environment is contaminated and these substances get to us by water , air , food ... also the clothes .
We ca n't avoid electromagnetic waves around , although we were living in the country or far from the industries .
If you want to live with health , you must understand it and try to choose between the few real options you have in your hands .
The main advice it would be to have a balanced diet : a lot of fruits and vegetables , few fats , to drink more water , etc .
Then it is very important to exercise because your body and your mind need movement .
If you do not have enough time for exercise every day you can make little efforts : do not use the lift , use the stairs or walk every time you can .
But the most important thing for having a healthy life is to be quiet , not feel stress .
Nowadays we have a hurries lives but we must stop and live our lives too .
Your health needs calm , friendship , happiness ... You must keep in contact with your friends and to spend time with yourself ( do not forget your hobbies and learn new things ) and your familiy .
I think it would be the best advice .
It is known that Internet makes things easier than ever and can be used for everything .
Some people believe that we ca n't even live without it .
One of the advantages of the Internet is that we can meet new people around the world and make friends without talking face to face .
There are plenty of webs that can search people , meet them and chat with the same interests and commons you like .
I have very good friends thanks on the Internet .
However , there are a lot of malicious software around the Internet and you must be aware .
You do n't have to do the silly or illegal things , because you will be exposed to this malicious software .
In addition , that software is created by nasty people that creates this virus to damage other people computers .
In my opinion I must express the facilities given by the Internet .
It 's all so easy with it and useful , for example you can order a pizza to take to your home
To sum up , I 'm totally agree with making friends through the Internet .
Did you know that your brain is exercised when you read any books ? You should read the topic that you prefer like news , sports , novels , economics , health , fitness , food , cooking and you can choose the material that it 's easy and enjoyable to read like novels , magazines , newspaper , technical books and something like that .
Why do I recommend it ?
When you have finished your studies and you have gotten a job where every day you do the same activities , the brain does n't work hard and you might have some problems like forget words , dates , information that you had learned a few years ago because your memory wo n't work in the same way .
I think that your brain is like your body , they both need exercise to be active and the way to get it is reading something .
I 'm sure if you read or listen to audio book just 1 hour every day , you are going to feel a change quickly . I know that getting reading habits is difficult , but you start to do it , you wo n't be able to get enough of them and you will read for pleasure .
Finally , if you get Reading habit you 're going to organize better your ideas and you may feel more energetic , if you do n't believe me , just try it .
Dear Sir or Madame
I wish to apply for the post of worker in an USA summer camp that was advertised in the newspaper this Monday .
This occupation is of great interest to me as it reflects my determination in life and requires my education , skills and experience .
With majors in linguistics ( to be more precise , the English and Chinese languages ) , I have recently garnered second higher education in psychology .
This follows that on the one hand I have extensive knowledge in how to be on good terms with different people and on the other hand I have a perfect coomand of English .
Two years ago I worked as an interpreter and an organizer of Waterski World Championship in Moscow .
In addition , as I was determined to build my career as a teacher since my very childhood and , moreover , I definetely have a way with children of any age , after graduation I gained experience at University and local school .
I have been teaching English for 5 years already and I would dare to say that this job was made for me .
In terms of my personality , I am very hardworking , enthusiastic to wide range of activities , open and friendly .
My opinion is rooted in my experience so I really enjoy interacting with people , especially children , and to tell you the truth I like cooking and experience new things in general .
I feel these skills would allow me to perform effectively in this posistion .
My enclosed resume outlines my experience in greater detail .
I welcome the opportunity to meet with you and look forward to hearing from you .
Sincerely ,
Mary J.
Badminton for every Age
It 's fast and it needs a lot of athletic skills .
A wise man in the past said once , " If you want to be a good badminton player you need the nerves of a climer , the strength of a shot putter , the condition of a marathon runner and the elegance and cleverness of a fencer . "
Badminton is my favourite sport art .
I feel happy after every game .
It 's exhausing and you have to move fast to get every birdy .
You have to be competitiv !
You can play it in every age .
I started when I was seven years old in my first class .
My coatch was very nice and mostly we played in teams .
I had a lot of fun at the sommer sport camps and I met a lot of friends .
With the badminton club in our city we traveled to different city 's and countries .
If you want to start playing badminton you should look for a badminton club near by and should sign up for a training class .
If you do n't know what racket you should buy , you will get all information at the club .
Mostly the Badminton Clubs sell all kinds of Badminton equipment for beginners and professionals . Do n't be lazy !
When you start playing you should practice minium twice a week , better three times a week .
Envide your friends from school or work .
Practice together with people in your age is a lot of fun und you will get better soon .
I play usually three times a week and I had a tournament last weekend .
It was very exciting , because there were many people from all over the region .
I lost a few games , but that 's okay .
Every lost game gives me more motivation to practice harder and every won games makes me proude and smile for all the hard work that I have done in the last few mounth .
In our Badminton Club we have a lot of members over the age of sixty years old .
I hope I can still play when I get to that age .
The sport keeps you healthy and fit .
It has been a long time since I watched a thriller , but I do remember that I watched The Hunger Games part 1 , and I recommend all the Hunger Games films .
Those films are really good , you have drama , romance , and thriller , those films are very entertaining .
I think you are going to like them because you like that kind of movies and also they are worth the while and you are not going to regret it .
Another thriller that is really good is the cabin in the woods , that movie is really entertaining , and scary .
if you like scary thrillers this movie is the one for you to watch , i do n't remember it very well , but it is also mysterious so you are going to like that one
This place does n't appear in History books , however it symbolises better than others a change in our country .
This building is situated in Barcelona , although it 's only a short walk from the magnificent Gaudi 's artwork it is n't as famous as them .
When the Civil War ended , the country was completely destroyed and people had nothing to eat .
Particularly in Barcelona , the trouble was that they could fish on the sea but there was n't an aproppiate place to keep it so they could n't eat one or two days later .
That situation must have been terrible for the population but fortunately , there is always a possible solution .
A group of fishers began to walk around the city looking for a good place where they would have brought their fish .
Finally , they found an old destroyed palace and they decided to build there their own " fish 's shopping centre " .
Neighbours helped them to make the building and after a few months , they began to use it .
This is a great example of how Spanish population could go on with their lives working together without government 's help .
Nowadays , the building has been become a luxury mall with the most expensive brand clothes .
However , the structure has been kept in order to visitors can enjoy this popular architecture 's jewel .
As the story continued people kept thinking that fish were polluted .
The homeless man noticed it too , although he did n't care because he will always obtain free food .
As always after having fish for dinner he had a strange dream .
He was dreaming it was his time to go fishing ; he went so far that he saw a kind of battle between sharks and whales .
He looked down and noticed that there was a city of marine life and the battle was n't really a battle it was a revolution , were the fish where the citizens .
Which meant some of fish were damaged thanks to the revolution , which also meant that while they were reproducing , the genes of the baby were changed .
And the new fish will not be the same conventional fish , they will taste different or simply change its form .
If there were a revolution in the city , obviously the fish would try to escape .
The fish where going to the beach were , the people fished .
That was his entire dream , he was now scared to know if that was real or not .
But it was too illogical to be true ; the good thing was that he was n't the one that would go and fish , which will be the leader .
After a few days of waking and only eating fish , they continued having the same allergic reaction to the fish thanks to their nutrition .
The homeless man had another dream where there was a pest around the forest that was contaminating all types of food .
They will notice quickly because fish will smell worse than it already did .
When he woke up from his dream kind of having a skeptic attitude , but he was diminishing it .
After walking for a lot of days , the ' survivors ' were worried , and thinking of how much they would still need to walk to find a city , also they were thinking that maybe they were going forward one day and backwards the next day .
Which meant they were in the same place , and that was the reason why they would always watch the sea ...
Nowadays , it is more and more popular to take a year off between school and university .
In fact , it is an important decision .
You start live on your own , make your own decisios and plan your future .
It has many advantages and disadvantages as well .
On the one hand , there are a large amount of teenagers who have no idea for their future .
They do n't know which university and field of studying choose .
During a gap year you have the chance to consider all the issues connected with your future .
You have enough time to try to use your capabilities and at the same time discover your own calling .
Besides , there are a great number of people who graduated school but do n't have enough money to continue their education .
The year off gives the apportunities to get a job .
In the beginning it would be a simply and without high wages job but you would get some experience .
What 's more , you can use this time to travel and relax .
You can get to know other countires and new individuals .
On the other hand , I can see also negative aspects of taking a year off .
You start your study later comparatively with your friends .
It would be more difficult to start your own life by oneself .
It is also a point that when you do n't execute what you wanted to during a gap year , you are in the same place when you were graduating school .
To sum up , I think that taking a year off is an important decision you should give it a thought before you finally decide .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to you in order to apply for the position of a camp assistant in Summer Fun Ltd.
Last year I attended an art course , which taught me how to make interesting things only with my hands and fantasy .
I have a certificate for high achievement in areas of painting and designing things of clay .
In addition , recently I passed my First Aid Course , which was quite useful for me .
I am fond of children and I like to be around them , so that it will be a pleasure for me to gain this job .
Among my colleagues and friends , I have a reputation to be mature , responsible and easy - going person .
I grew up in a family , which members speak fluently Italian and Spain .
I believe that this will give me the chance to consider my application and got the job .
Yours faithfully ,
Nikoleta Ozerova
Nowadays , television is very important in our lives because there are a lot of benefits and advantages of watching TV .
There are lots of interesting programs suitable for people of every age .
In my opinion TV is useful because we can learn many interesting things and also reduce stress watching TV .
We can choose entertainment programs which are full of fun .
Everyone can choose something suitable for themselves .
We can find music programs which are wonderful for people who love listening to music and dancing .
When we watch and listen to music we can learn foreign languages as well .
The men usually choose sports programs , which are really popular on the TV nowadays .
It is a cheaper way to watch their favourite team than spending money for an expensive ticket .
Who does not like watching movies ?
Everybody loves watching movies !
I work at a gas station .
Today I opened the gas station at 9:30 in the morning .
I went late to the gas station today because I left my keys in the bathroom and I locked myself in the bathroom .
Someone came and opened the bathroom and I got my keys and started to work .
Today I had 2 hours driving session .
Driving instructor picked me at the gas station and from there we went to a parking lot near AMC and practised parallel parking and k - turn .
After that I practiced turns and driving on the road .
The instructor dropped me back to the gas station and from there I took a bus to Princeton and from there I transferred to another bus to my home .
Dear Madam and Sir
I have seen your English courses in the internet and suddenly I thought , that 's it what I need !
My name is Mike , I 'm 23 years old and I want to learn more English because I love this language and because I need it for my next job in the summer .
At the moment I am living in Germany , but if I could come to your English course , then I will find an other location to stay , that 's no problem !
I want to ask some questions about the course .
How much are the costs and how often will we have the course ?
I hope it will be every day because , I wrote that , I 'm looking forward to learn English !
I would be glad , if you could respond to my questions so fast if you can .
If you have any questions , please do n't hesitate to cantact me .
Thank you very much .
Best regards
Mike
Micheal is a clever Shy guy decided to find out new opportunities out of his small town after the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need of moving forward with his life and discover his real needs , no one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird isolated guy , therefore he never accepted having new Friendships out of his class that ends when the class ends , then there was that girl a popular beautiful Blondie that was in the cheer leaders every boy dream , one day after physics exam she just stumbled with his bag and dropped his books out of it , sorry she said with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look who occupied Micheal 's mind then after and lead him dropping his dream of being that creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed from her , Arika the girl who was using any one can make her reach or cross a step towards her success and popularity , Michael felt that he was pathetic deceived when he saw her with the new class 's clever guy , he could n't understand that giving up man 's dream is the worst decision that will lead to failure , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
We would like to discuss with you the duration of each course unit .
To study 1 unit per week was difficult for us , because of translation .
We were faced with the real problem of lack of time for translating , especially closer to the end when our translators have worked with very large texts .
Whether it would be possible for you to increase the period of one topic studying ? for example 2 weeks for each unit ?
Or 10 days ?
It makes the studying more effective and comfortable for us .
Let me know please .
We 're also waiting for information about you fee , order of payments and other terms of working .
Yours Anna .
I have been playing tennis since I was 5 ! I think it 's a great way to relax and also to do physical exercise .
You can play tennis either in a closed space or outdoor , so you can also play it if it is raining outside .
I do n't like doing a sport in a closed space , such as gyms , in fact , I always do whatever I can to play tennis outdoor though it 's not a beautiful day .
As I said before , I sometimes play tennis in order to relax .
Each time I have a written test at school , I play it the day before .
I find it helps me a lot because it takes my mind off .
If you want to play this sport , I have to make a really big effort and try to train as much as possible .
I reckon it 's a quite expensive sport , but if your parents give you a pocket - money , you will not have any problems .
So , definitely , if you want to try this beautiful experience , I sincerely recommend it to you .
.
- It 's so hard for me to wake up at 6 o'clock .
Every day I wake up in a very bad mood .
I 'm trying to drink a cup of strong coffee but it does n't help .
Why are you so cheerful in the mornings ?
- I thought that it was your normal condition .
As for me I 've got some rules
- I 'm just late riser person .
That half of my day I always sleepy and angry .
- So it 's not so difficult to be an early riser .
Just follow the day regimen .
And always do some morning exercises .
- Can you show me some of them ?
- I 'm afraid I ca n't .
But you can switch on some special morning tv - shows .
I will send you list of them .
They are very helpful .
- Ok .
And what about your breakfast ?
- I 'm absolutely sure that you need n't drink coffee every morning .
Just a glass of still water and some fruits .
I think you should to consult with a doctor about it .
- Sure . thank you for your advice .
2 . -
Hello , Jane , can I talk to you for a minute ?
- Yes , of course .
What happened ?
Something wrong with you ?
- No , I 'm just want to know your opinion as expert .
I 've got some problems with waking up in the morning
- just follow the day regiment .
Try to not to eat a very substantial meal in evening and in the morning
- What about the coffee ?
- Some experts think that it is good thing .
But I think you must take away it from your ration .
- ok …
- And I forget to add that you must do some morning exercises .
And in a week you will see that it 's not so hard to wake up .
- Thanks a lot for your advice .
Yes , I believe that television entertains and also educates .
Watching quiz programs are a main way to educate oneself .
We get to know about so many facts on a quiz show .
Watching history channel gives us great information about the history of earth .
Watching national geographical or discovery channels takes us into a world of animals where we get to see numerous wild animals and their characteristics which are really interesting .
Daily watching news on television enlightens us on what 's happening around the world .
Being aware of current affairs are important in our life .
There are also many disadvantages of television .
There are plenty of entertainment programs which just consume our time with no other benefits .
It 's really depressing to see kids being engrossed in soap operas or some useless reality shows or cartoons .
Entertainments are a must , everyone should take time off from their busy or hectic schedule .
But it should be in a moderate level .
If everyone uses television wisely , it can do more good than bad .
Estimated USA SUMMER CAMPS department of human resources ,
I am wrtitting this letter as an answer to the job advertisement for working in a summer camp in which I am quite interested . .
I am actually studying a marketing and market research degree at Malaga 's University , in September I will start my last year of course , which I hope to finish next year .
although I am still studying , I also work at weekends as a football referee in the province of Málaga , I consider myself as a person with a high control when I work with big groups and also a person who likes to lead groups and with a good ability to work under pressure .
I am used to work with children who are under 12 years old , because I usually do kids matches when I referee .
the only idea of working in the kitchens it really excites me , because I would like to provide my experience cooking , I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working but finally I liked it , and now I do all sorts of deserts and meals .
Finally , I want to thank you for your attention and I hope to have a future contact soon .
Best regards ,
Dear Mary ,
Thanks for your letter .
I 'm looking forward to your arrival !
I know this is going to be your first visit to Russia and it 's really great ! I 'll give you information about two ways of getting to my place without significant expenses .
The first one is to catch an express bus from the airport to the metro station " Yuzhnaya " and then to change a bus for another one going to my town where I can meet you at the bus station .
The second way is more convenient and comfortable .
I might pick you up from the airport by car .
That would be splendid and fun for both of us because we could have a good long talk and pop into a café for a snack .
As for the weather , it 's quite nice at the moment but I suggest taking something warm just in case as the weather is very changeable here .
Ca n't wait to see you !
Lots of love ,
Svetlana
Dear Mr. Green ,
I have just received your letter and I 'm glad that you have found my film the most interesting .
Thank you !
I 'm really satisfied as there were about 200 competitors and so I would have never thought to be the winner .
I 'd rather go to London and spend a day filming with the film director because I 'm going to take my brother with me and he has never been there .
I think he will be enthusiastic when I tell him the news .
I 'm really sorry , but on May 15th I have an important exam at school , so it would be impossible for me to meet her .
If the film director was available on May 18th , it would be perfect !
Mr. Green , I 'm really keen to know who is the professional film director .
Waiting for your answer .
Best regards
Antonio
The perfect hotel I would love to work should be located in my country .
Particularly , in the south of the country .
Since many European tourists attempt to have their holidays on the beach enjoying the sun shine and also discover the historical remanings from the past , Antalya ( Turkey ) is the best city to work .
So I could take the advantage of my foreign language knowledge .
The hotel should provide variety of cousins from the world , therefore the clients could eat whatever they wish .
There should be both indoor and outdoor pools .
For disable people there should be expanded services to give them easy mobility .
For couples who have babies there should be baby care services .
There should be a bar which is 24 hours opened .
The hotel should have all inclusive concept so before people go for holiday , they could calculate their costs .
In the case of workers , I would like to have accommodation given by the company .
Also the food should be provided from the company .
The most important aspect that the hotel should have , it should be opened whole year , not only in the summer .
So that I do not waste all the money in the winter that I have saved in the summer .
Cyberschool have been attempting to present their new project called cyberschool .
Cyberschool is when students receive
lessons to their computers by their teachers .
This new way of teaching pupils has received a mix response .
Firstly , being at schools with lots of other children in a class develops your social skills , but learning at home , makes you lose contact with others .
When you do the lessons , you have nobody to chat to it about .
Also , staying regularly on the computer is a way to get glasses .
Electronics are bad for our eye .
Some individuals might even become computer addicts due to the time they spend on their PC .
Let 's see .... 6 and a quarter hours of school plus an extra 30 minutes for homework ..... that is 6 and three quarters hours on the computer .
That is more than a quarter of the time in a day !
It 'll be even more if the student plays games or does something else on the PC .
Penultimate , there has been a sudden rise in obesity because of this new project .
Travelling to school at least includes 1 meter of walking , nevertheless staying at home doing work on your PC makes you less active and health .
Schools provide you with healthy food despite the fact we 'll just eat anything we want at home .
Finally , I personally disagree with cyberschol .
It 's unhealthy and dangerous .
Cyberschol are n't interested in health and safety issues !
Now that they are back home , Paulina found out that her mom was in town , so by instinct she decided to go and visit her , as well his brother that has been evading her because she taunted him by being in love with his best friend , they are n't together anymore , but that was such a devastating thing .
Genuinely she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so by going to their old house as a surprise would be at least would give her the chance to confront instead of making a chaos about it , despite this insignificant fraud she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
She called Jimmy and told him where she was going , but Jimmy did n't answer since he was at work , so she left a voice message .
The condition of the public transport is getting worse day by day .
There are only limited numbers of government buses on the road and their frequency are not good so they get overcrowded .
People board these buses out of compulsion as they have to reach office on time .
On the other hand , metro service is a good medium of transportation , it goes over the road so you do n't get traffic .
The waiting time is minimum , you get a train in every 3 to 5 minutes .
The fare of the metro train is almost equal to the other transport means .
The only flaw of metro service is its unavailability in remote areas .
After a few kilometer , you will find a bus stop but Metro stations are built only in major areas .
So even if you travel through metro , you have to take a bus or auto to reach your destination unless it is located near a metro station .
People who are rich prefer to travel by their own cars as they can take any route and drive as per their convenience .
In public transport many people do n't get a seat and have to stand throughout the journey , it is very exhausting especially in a long journey .
While in a private vehicle you can sit comfortably and enjoy your journey .
If we take out the cost factor , there is not a single reason for anyone to travel through public transport .
Many crimes such as pickpocketing , eve teasing , violence , etc take place in public transport .
It has been an easy target of terrorists to plant bombs , so if you are traveling through a bus , you accept the risk .
Everyone can not afford a car so public transport would be there but in future as well but fewer people will use it .
Recent graduate vs. experienced worker
Our company is a small and based company which works within the same field for almost 50 years .
One of our seniors workers will retire in a month and therefore As I 'm in charge of the Human Resources department has to start the search of a new employee .
Hiring a new employee is not an easy job .
It is a commonly held view that an experienced worker will facilitate the search of .
However , I would like to review another options such hiring a recent graduate from a renowned university .
Any experienced worker would bring a sense of calm , steadiness , wisdom , commitment and experience of course .
He will contribute with his life experience , and he will request for better working conditions as salary , family times , and health insurance .
However , a recent graduate will be avid to accumulate knowledge and fearless of trying a different approach .
In my opinion , recent graduates are ambitious , without prejudices and most of them are not family people as of yet .
Their lifes are focused on their careers .
In conclusion , I would say that a recent graduate would be a great asset for our company as they accomplished our targets .
Nowadays , many young people use more and more social networks to speak to each other .
However , it can have a bad effect on their lives .
What disadvantages does it have ?
Firstly , it is true that they have similar relationships that we could have many years ago .
The only difference is that they use different resources to keep in touch , such as emails and messages , instead of writing letters , which took much time to arrive .
In fact , it ccan help them to speak with their friends more easily .
There is a strong argument for believing these resources can prejudice their writing skills .
While it is true that social networks help shy people to make new friends , it is also true that young people write their messages with abbreviations .
After doing this regularly , they tend to have problems at school because they start to write incorrectly .
There is another problem relates to safety .
Generally , young people do n't have any problem in posting their personal photos on the Internet .
They also publish their conversations on the internet .
But when do this , they expose a lot of details about themselves , details that everyone can see , especially strange people .
In conclusion , I think that social networks can constitute a big problem , especially for people who are not aware of what dangerous there are on the internet .
Dear Ann ,
I 'm so happy to hear you 'll come to visit me !
Now I explain to you , how to reach my home from the airport .
After leaving the airport , you have to take the bus number 14 and you have to get off at the third bus stop .
After you can take the bus , which drives you to Chiari .
In Chiari you have to get off at the train station .
You surely remember that place because the last time you came , you told me that it was the worst train station where you 've never been .
There you 'll find me waiting for you .
In May the weather is usually sunny , but in the evening could be colder than during the day .
If you do n't want to catch a cold , you should bring a jacket and some trousers .
Let me know the exact date of your arrival .
I look forward to seeing you to spend together this month .
Best wishes ,
Emma
Dear Maria ,
I am glad to hear that you are interested in visiting Brazil next summer .
I suggest that you visit a village in the south of Bahia called " Taipus de Fora " .
It is a little village where you can experience a different culture , find local handicrafts , eat good food and enjoy beautiful beaches .
It is a good place to spend your holiday and a perfect place to rest .
Near " Taipus " , you could visit " Barra Grande " , where you can see the sunset at " Ponta do Mutá " and eat seafood overlooking the bay .
Television currently occupies a very important role in entertainment , however , one of the problems that society has faced since television became popular is that it is a distractor in education .
It is believed , there are ways to make TV can help educate .
There are educational programs and channels which transmit good documentaries , but most people prefer other types of programs , such as cartoons , soap operas and soccer matches .
In addition , many of the educational programs are not transmitted by broadcast television and people without cable system , have no access to these .
So the TV could become a useful tool in the educational process if more effort is put into this , from the television programming to the preference of society-
It is argued that whether the government or teachers have the right to determine what subjects should be taught in schools .
In my opinion , although there are some advantages if teachers were responsible for this task , I believe that the government is more suitable to lead this mission .
There are two main advantages of teachers deciding what subjects taught in schools .
Firstly , each teacher would be able to teach courses according to their own expertise , which leading to a more advanced and high - quality teaching .
Secondly , teacher can select subjects that are more useful for local culture .
However , what students learned might be biased to certain aspects .
And it will be difficult for examining students ' ability in a national scale .
Moreover , not all teachers have the ability to design a high - quality course map .
If the decision is made by central authorities , the most obvious advantage is that the estimation for students ' grades could be standardized in the whole country .
For example , a fair grade judging system is essential in an Joint College Entrance Examination .
Although some drawbacks may exist when this task determined by the central authorities , a committee comprising experts in different disciplines can minimize these drawbacks .
In conclusion , while there are advantages and disadvantages for both central authorities and teachers leading this task , I prefer the government to do so .
Nowadays , a lot of people say that friends are the family that you choose .
In my opinion it 's true , however , family is a very important part in your life and you have to take care of it .
On the one hand , friends is like a family because you live together a lot of experiences and adventures .
They are essentials to share secrets or any thing .
It is very important that you choose genuine friends .
It is better to be alone than badly company .
On the other hand , family is very important .
Not only because they than taken at world but also they are always say the truth .
Not only what you want to hear .
They to want better for you , and always they will be by your side .
In conclusion , so family and friends are very necessaris in your life .
It is important to take care every moment at his side .
If you feel love , share it!Every day may be the last .
Both texts contribute different approaches to music industry .
Accordingly , the first one considers if the activity has been affected by file sharing whereas the second analyses the live performance success in the present technological era .
The first text asserts that file sharing benefits new artists and offers listeners a wide choice of styles , despite the fact it is believed that file sharing is detrimental for the music industry .
Additionally , the writer suggests that it has some potential which can be used by CD industry .
The second text assesses the attraction of concerts despite the present high quality of recorded music , and suggests that the reasons to succeed may be the communal experience and its offer of different songs and performances that make the live performance an unforgettable experience .
As a matter of fact , I agree 100% with both texts .
Regarding file sharing , in my view , music industry should adapt to new technologies and habits of users .
On the other hand , personally speaking , I 've always felt amazed by the attraction of concerts over large audiences , thereby in my opinion , the second text offers a good reasons to explain this phenomenon .
Hi Peter !
I was really pleased to receive your email .
I 'm very excited about your arrived in Santa Cruz next week ; I 'll give you some advice about awesome places to visit .
The weather in Santa Cruz is boiling this season , you should bring light clothing .
The first place you could visit is FEXPOCRUZ , you will be astounded with the gorgeous girls and the fascinating business you can get it .
I remember that you are fascinat with Nature , and you could go to Guembe to eat a delicious typical food , you will see an amazing view and a lot kind of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
Santa Cruz is growing every year and now it is the biggest city in Bolivia and I like to live here .
If you want sightseeing in downtown and enjoy the nightlife , I know a funny place where we can dance and drink a lot .
You will not regret to visit Santa Cruz .
If you need more information about this city , let me know .
I 'm waiting for you ,
very best wishes ,
Mirtha
My favourite sport
I think my favourite sport is cycling and swimming in summer or spring and skiing in winter .
Why these sports ?
Because I can cycling and swimming almost whenever . I might say in every season .
That 's the main reason I love it .
When it 's cold I always go to a cover swimming pool and when the weather is warm or hot and the sun is shining I always go to a reservoar .
Instead of cycling in winter . I would n't do it because according to my opinion it is quite dangerous .
The roads can be frozen .
And the skiing .
That 's the one of the possibilities which and I can do in winter when I want to be out . Instead of a walk or snowboarding .
But I like it because I go to the mountains with my friends every year and we always have a lot of fun and that 's a great time for each other of us .
I think it has more positives than negatives . I do something for myself because I 'm on the fresh air and I do some activity for my body .
And more , I have an opportunity to meet new people .
Maybe one of my best friends in the future .
On the other hand , I can have a cold and temperature or something like that .
But I can manage it .
Casar de Cáceres , Feeds Smiles .
Casar de Cáceres is located in the north of Cáceres , you can see a lot of amazing things in this spectacular villa .
Walking around the mysterious streets can be a great experience , we can find some really nice people , including pilgrims crossing the village every day following the historic path of the Via de la Plata is located in Casar .
Discover this beautiful town with the five senses ;
Watching the sunset die between the humble houses and four chapels , one in each of the cardinal points , dedicated to Santiago , San Bartolomé , Los Mártires and La Soledad .
You can smell and taste the gastronomic delight that offer , such as the stunning Torta del Casar with denomination of origin .
Finally , you be able to hear and feel the nature and peace that you can find in this paradise .
Come to visit !
Mari Paz Sanabria Montez .
2º ADE - TURISMO
Owing a car certainly makes trips faster and easier .
Many drivers regard travelling by car as a future means to travel which helps people save much time .
However , others believe that public transport is better due to the fact that public transport is environmentally friendly .
To my belief , there does exist a promising future for public transport .
It is a known fact that travelling by cars is less green than by public transport .
In the present - day society , sustanable development is of paramount important as our environment is being destroyed on a fast pace .
Using public transport helps save up resources such as fuel and electricity .
If ones insist on travelling by cars , they are , in fact , producing greenhouse gases which are given out by their cars .
It is surely not envirnmentally friendly .
To preserve our environment , taking public transport is a must and a global trend in the future .
All in all , public transport should be an indispensable part of our future plan because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by cars , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice for the betterment of our future society with the severe environmental issues .
Public transport is still vital part of society and should remain as it is .
If everyone start using car for traveling ; the road wo n't be enough to everyone as there are seven billion people in the world ; and even for environment it is better to use as less as possible .
On top of that , fuel consumption would be too high as we have limited availability of fuel resources .
The government and public body should start thinking about it and to save the society public transport is the best .
Certain age people wo n't be able to drive a car so that they definitely need the public transport .
I can understand the use of public transport is decreasing now a day , but there is still future for it .
Everyone should think about it which is really vital for the society ; and specially the international body should do something about it to motivate people to use public transport as much as possible .
So in summary to save the environment , to make the road accessible to everyone public transport should have been used and we all should try to educate people about the importance of public transport .
Michael was a 25 years boy .
He was very beautiful and many girls wished him to become their boyfriend .
But he did n't want any girls because he loved only Jessica .
Jessica was 21 years old .
She was his neighbour and they love each other from when they were young .
They live in a little town in the Massachusetts .
But one day she decided to take off for Australia to visit some relatives .
He asked Jessica to come with her , but she did n't agree because before marrying him she would try to see if their love could hold out against everything , also the distance .
So she prepared her luggage and she went to say goodbye to him .
He was very angry , so he told her : " if you leave , do n't come back to me , nevermore . "
She was disappointed and try to explain her thought to him , but he did n't want to understand her reasons .
He was afraid to lose her and he did n't want to try to trust her and their love .
" If you think so go away , forever ! " told Michael .
Jessica did n't answer , but she looked at him for the last time while she walked away .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Shopping guide for tourists .
If I were a tourist , I would like to have a great shopping guide with an enormous variety of shops .
This way , I could choose the one which I prefer .
Then , I would make the next recommendation .
Souvenirs store .
When somebody travels , this person wants to never forget the place he has visited .
Then it is very important going to this store and choosing an object that makes you remind the most exciting day of the trip , a gorgeous monument you have seen , ...
Fashion store .
Usually , girls can not spend many days without going shopping and buying some clothes .
These girls could go to an outlet which is near to the art gallery .
There , you can find all the styles of clothes that you can imagine .
Therefore , you will be assessed politely .
Sports store .
This shop is loved by the most sporty people in the town .
If you are like them , it will raise your eyebrows due to the huge variety of sports equipment you will see .
Nevertheless , the sport store is a little expensive .
To sum up , in this town you can find all sorts of shops .
However , these three ones are the most visited by tourists , so they will not disappoint you .
Some people say that are not future for public transport .
They argue that a large number of people prefers travelling in private transport , because it is more comfortable and convenient .
But it is true ?
Travelling by car can give you a certain status quo and make you feel more independent , besides the comfort and convenience .
However I believe the public transport still be very important in our society and has a huge future .
Firstly , travelling by bus or in other public transport,(as underground ) , help us to decrease the emissions of gas , which causes pollution and global warming .
Secondly we all know that the public transport is cheaper than the private transport .
And the last , ( but not the least ) , public transport is muche safe than the private , because it transports much more people , and so , there is more cauttion .
Detoxification , a method people often use to lose weight , has not been proved by the science .
People think that it is a common and effective way , but I believe once there is no scientific evidence , it should not be brought to the weight loss process .
In fact , some people just understand an aspect of this method , that is to say , they have applied wrong method .
Take an example for this , some teenagers drink detox water instead of meals for three or four days in order to lose weight quickly .
However , the way has brought some unexpected results due to their wrong concept .
In fact , some deaths have been caused by bringing detoxification to weight loss process , because they follow the majority without carefully considering .
Generally speaking , the method has not been demonstrated by the scientists , so it is better to avoid it in order not to get some unexpected consequences .
Film stars and politicans are interesting for people because of their talents and special abilities .
Of course , people want to know some facts of personal life of famous people , but often star dont'n like when journalists try to get in their life .
On the one hand , famous people try to hide thier life from journalists .
In the everyday life , the internet has became one of the most important things and it is becoming more and more influental .
On the first hand , I would like to talk about the fact that with the help of the internet we can easily stay in touch with any of our friends .
There are community sites like Facebook , which have a built in messenger .
This messenger can help us to chat with our friends without meeting them .
On the other hand though , people can become anti social , just because of the lack of real face to face meetings .
In the second part , with the internet we can follow the news and current affairs very quickly and we do not have to wait for the news on the television , and we do not have to buy newspapers .
It is more time efficient and in my point of view it is more easier .
However these news can be false .
Last but not least , the internet is for fun .
There are a lot of funny websites which can put you in a good mood .
In conclusion , the internet have pros and cons , but it can be very useful and fun to use .
Gnadenthal is a very small , consisting of almost only one single drivable road village , which is not famous for its size , though .
What is really special about this little village is the Christian brotherhood , living there more than 1000 years .
That probably is the reason why the local circumstances are still similar to the ones of the Middle Ages , exclusive of some infrastructural improvements that made deceases like plaque redundant .
The few houses themselves are set around a very old , Romanesque church , which is bordered by a traditional farmyard for growing sheep and cows .
Nearby , fields with growing vegetables can be visited , which never has been altered by any modern machine but only by the power of hand and cattle .
Gnadenthal is exceptionally suitable for people who want to take some time off their hard and stressful daily life in order to find calmness and to think about themselves in a way of their character .
Since there is no chance for any distractions because of the missing digital infrastructure , any guest will experience a four - day visit the same as a four - week journey in the usual western world .
This enables him to get used to the traditional way of life of a monk .
In addition to the farm work , living in a society of trust in each other is essential for these people .
By conserving this place , the opportunity to gather a great amount of psychological enrichment is conserved , too .
Hi bro , Whats up by there?.I'm going to recommend you to give up from sport , as I told you too many times , sport its bad for health , it makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like this , and the music is improving and stimulating your brain and intelligence .
But also I told you that if you are so good in sports you might get a grant for your studies which will get worth it so I do n't know , in my opinion I would continue with the music if you are good at cause is better for your brain but also sports can relax you and make you disconnect so if I were you I would think about it and compare which of both of them you like more or makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laughed or have a good time .
Well there is my opinion I will ask some friend about and I will try to write you another letter in a few days to help you more , also if you have another problem , do n't forget to ask me for help please , I will help you in all you want .
See you my Nigga ¡
Nowadays , my favourite sport is running .
Generally , it seems a modest sport or simple hobby , but permit meeting more and more people along the urban streets who make jogging too .
Then you realise that running is a way of life , a healthy way of life .
So , I enjoy running alone or with friends , because this sport have a lot of possibilies , more than I believed when I started to run after finishing High School .
At the beginning , I had a flatmate who loved cycling and running , even in a city like Madrid .
Therefore , we went out at night after university classes and we preferred soft soil paths than pavement .
Later , I have had more roommates , colleagues and partners even who practised this sport , which is among the most fashionable ones at this moment .
Moreover , the races are masser and masser and more and more popular .
But , for the beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience and persistence , and practising with company because running may be bored , tired , dangerous , even , but if you get a strong spirit and will power , you 'll see how you can reduce your physical and mental weaknesses .
Keeping up one 's fitness is an important thing for everyone .
Many kinds of sport which the favourite of mine is Karate .
Karate is not just a sport .
It 's also a teacher in my life .
Karate made me strong and let me know how to face something I scared before .
I enjoyed it and got achievability from it .
Through the train of Karate , I understand myself really .
The train of Karate helps me overcome many difficult things on my learning way .
If you want to try it .
Karate is not a difficult skill sport .
It 's an easy and a good healthy sport .
Just like playing a game .
Opening your mind , do n't be chicken and you 'll find different one about you !
Public Transport with no Future
Even though there have been many efforts to make people use their car less , we have to admit that this battle is already lost .
Since most of these public transport amendments have been remedial rather than something planned foreseeing future problems , they have only been of limited help and , therefore , they have only worked for some time .
This has resulted in only the very in - need people using public transport , and the vast majority of people still use their personal automovile , with the incovemiences and safety being an excuse .
Indeed , using public transport is not only unsafe and uncomfortable , but also unhealthy .
One ca n't imagine how many germs ( virus included ) lay on a hand bar waiting for a skin to rush in .
Only thinking of eat makes me crazy .
So , little by little , and as economic conditions of people improves , public transport will eventually disappear .
At first , I have to admit that I hate any kind of sports , because I know I 'm not good at them .
In the past , I tried to play basketball , tennis , ping pong and so on , but the outcome made me depressed and less confedent .
However , after I came to New Zealand , I found a special sport which does n't need any ability , trekking .
The biggest benefit of trekking is that you can enjoy fantastic view from the summit of mountains .
Also you are able to choose a place to go depend on how you feel .
Especially in New Zealand , there are some beautiful islands and you can get to them by ferry easily .
If you are interested in trekking , you should buy water - proof clothes just in case .
If you do so , You do n't have to be worried about bad weather any more .
Do n't forget to bring some drink as well .
In some place , you will find difficulty in finding it .
To conclude , trekking is one of the most enjoyable sports even for people do n't like sports like me .
Let 's start trekking as soon as possible , otherwise you will miss opportunity to see fabulous scenery .
During the last decades , the number of cars used in big cities has increased steadily . Proportionally , air pollution and deaths associated to traffic accidents have also augmented .
One way to reduce those negative consequences is to foster the use of public transport .
However , there is a great debate on whether this is really a good solution .
Public transport is a more efficient way of using energy .
It moves more people per liter of oil used and contaminates a small fraction of what it would had been if every passenger had traveled using an individual car .
However , public transport lacks some advantages only found when using our own car .
Instead of taking your seat right home , you need to go to a more or less far place in order to take a public transport , and wait for the time it is scheduled to arrive .
The action has to be repeated when you leave the bus or train at the end of your journey .
One thing which we could be sure is that the world is changing but public transport existed in the past and will be in the future .
First point , which I would like to menchioned about is cost .
You need to spend a lot of money when you want to buy it , when you want to insurance it and use it .
Cars are n't cheep and if you think that is easier to move form one place to another when you have a car , you have got a point but there is a lot of considerations which you should occur like : gas , insurance or parking cost .
Moreover , you should recon about comfort during the travel .
When you driving by the car you should be focus on the road , you need to think what could happen , what the other drivers want to do and which way you should chose .
That could be frustrating especialy when you have long road and you need to spend long hours driving .
Finaly , the word conviniend for everyone means something dirrerent .
For one person that would be option yaht you have car which is parked along your road or on your drivway and on any time you could go whenever you want , for the orher that would be pleasur that they coud enjoy the trip without thinking about any car 's issues , They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part with others life .
I 'm in the class 4B in Liceo Darwin in Rivoli .
Being there has some advantages and disadvantages .
I can start with saying something about advantages : we are not just classmates but we are friends .
Many of us hang out together during weekends and they have become a group , like me and my other three close friends , but also " best friend " .
We usually meet three times a year all together to eat a pizza in the city center .
Another advantage could be teachers : they are quite strict sometimes but they make us studying harder and this is not so easy to do with teenagers .
But the most important one is that if you are too bored or tired you can look out over a great sight of Turin or mountains from a class ' window .
But there are some disadvantages like stairs because we are at the second floor . We would like to keep fit but we have to use too many strairs to reach our classroom and that 's so annoying sometimes .
We share the floor with another school and it has a different timetable and the bell rings 10 minutes before and it makes me confused but I really like 4B and I would n't change it .
Are they the best invention ? : Cars
At the start of the 20th century , almost no - body had a car .
Nowadays , almost everyone has a car !
But is this a good thing or a bad thing ?
Cars can be useful for several reasons .
Firstly , they allow us to travel fast by road , mostly to the exact place we want to go .
Furthermore , travelling by car is a very comfortable way of transport .
For instance we can use cars radio to listen to some relaxing music , or listen to news while making our way to the place we want to go .
As you may be concerned , cars are very useful but they also have some disadvantages .
Nowadays people are depending on them too much .
Cars are being used even when not necessary .
In addition , cars have been increasing the world carbon emission and that causes the ' Ozone Layer ' to thin down .
Finally , for our car to work , we need to fill them with fuel , which is expensive .
To sum up , cars have advantages but , on the other hand , they can also create problems .
In my opinion , cars are one of the best and most useful inventions .
Unfortunately we should be careful with the way we use them .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm really happy to hear from you again .
You gave me a fantastic new saying you are coming next year !
You 've chosen the best country for attending university .
Italy is well regarded about its education .
Travelling could be a good way to improve your lenguage and to know better Italy .
You should absolutely visit Rome and Florence !
These are both amazing because are full of history ; in the first one you can still see Romans'monuments instead Florence offers lots of Medieval churches .
Meaybe you 'd choose to attend univeristy in one of these cities !
Italy offers lots of work opportunity during summertime .
It is a turist country , you may work as a waiter in my city .
Tell me exactly when will you arrive as soon as possible !
All the best ,
Grazia
Adam was twelve years old , a clever boy in his school , always gets the top marks and participate in most activities , known for all the teachers and students .
He also participated in the school football team and won the state club .
Despite all previous things Adam was alone , has no friends in school or in abbeywood street in Queensland where he lived in Australia and Adam was very annoyed about that and what make it worth a boy called Johnny who had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends but from his bad luck , they were n't very good friends , they used to make troubles and do n't do their home work in time .the boys were Fernando and Louis in their seventh year in school as Adam .
The math teacher in school Mr Michael was a very good teacher who takes care of children in school .
He realized Adam 's marks are getting low and he involved in some troubles in school and began to investigate him .
In the final exam Mr Michael caught Adam cheating and inform the school 's manager who suspended Adam from all other exams and forced him to repeat the year .
In matter of fact Mr Michael should have provided some advice for Adam when his marks got low but he didn't , and the consequences were very bad so , Michael closed the door and know at that moment he had made a mistake .
I live in big city , the capital of Spain , so there are different transport .
I prefer to use the train or the tube , because they are punctual and because there are a signs where you can see the time less .
Also , every three or four minutes you can get on the train .
There are buses too , but I do not like them . Depend on the dot , there are traffic problems and you must wait a long time in a bus stop .
I am from a small island where only there is a form transport : the bus .
I am from a little town and I must wait one hour to go to the city center .
It is awful if you do not have a private transport .
I propose to use fewer cars .
I know this is not easy but there is an ecological and cheap transport : the bicycle .
For short distance it is a good way to do exercise and to avoid contaminating .
Of course it is not a way for long distance , but step to step , the traffic problems will improve .
For almost the entire duration of " Now you see me " , I was confused .
But let me tell you that I was confused in the best way , not because it was rather wacky but because happenend unexpected .
There 's no question that this film by director Louis Leterrier is the most original and thought - provoking stories I have seen in recent years .
In fact , the box - office hit when it was released and the film went on to gross over 350 million .
The plot revolves around an FBI squad who face , in a game of cat and mouse , a team compounded of the best four illusionists .
They are called " The Four Horsemen " .
They carried out a series of daring robberies against corrupt business leaders during their performances , sharing out the stolen money with their audiences .
As far as the storyline is concerned I have to say that the film is really fast - moving .
Regarding acting , taking into account that it is a big - budget film there is not much to say .
It is fairly well played by actors , such as , Jesse Eisenberg , Morgan Freeman who play their role perfectly , making the film light - hearted .
If I have to stand out any weakness I will say that is a bit predictable .
Let me explain it .
As it is a movie related to magic tricks when a sequence is played and it seems simple and easily understanable you know that , indeed , it is not .
If you do n't like films that make you think , this film is not for you .
On the other hand , if you are looking for a film that is extremely gripping and can keep you guessing , it 's definitely the right choice for you .
We must reduce exam stress from high school students .
Exam stress leads to many bad consequences towards High School Students .
These consequences vary , one example would be that students may get lower grades on their exams , or even fail them .
They can also have constant mood changes and high levels of nervousness , since they may have lost many hours of sleep whilst studying for a certain exam .
As a result , many High School Students may not concentrate during classes , or whilst studying since they have many things on going through their heads ( since they 've been studying a lot ) .
Based on all the problems listed ( and many more ) , we must find solutions that will help both students and professors to deal with exam stress .
One of the solutions I would give is to hand in study guides to the students .
This will help them as a method to study or review for the exam and reduce their levels of stress .
The study guide does n't need to necessarily be a long and complex one ( since those may cause them stress too ) ; they may be just a quick review with a couple of concepts and exercises .
Another simple solution I think could help is to study as well as to review content during sessions before a certain exam , to help the students study whilst still having a class .
The previous are the best possible solutions I would address in order to stop once and for all the problem of stress thanks to exams , in which most of the cases , as the previous paragraph explained , leads to many more .
When I was a child I used to spend thousands hours playing football , anywhere I could .
Always dreaming becoming a great player , playing in a stadium crowded , clapping their hands looking at what I did with the ball .
When I grew up I realize sooner than later , that I will never be nor a good neither a bad player , and they said that I was one of the worst players ever lived .
Then I decided to study engineering and becoming one the best engineers ever .
Long after that due such I was a natural talent about engeneering , I began to write books and essays about everything realted with my job .
Life becoming bigger more and more .
Today you need more than what you needed yesterday .
People looking for comfortable easy life .
We are all looking for that without great difficulty or effort and one way to achieve this goal is to study abroad .
Many students today like to study abroad to get high level of life to get their life job and experience a new way of life .
Studying abroad can enhance employment opportunities .
companies are looking for well educated people with a good experience to hire and students more likely to fit their choices .
With your certificate you can easily fine a job .
Universities are also a rich place for big opportunity to get there if you have studied abroad .
You can work at a university as a lecturer and get a high salary .
Students who go to study in another country experience a variety of life .
They meet new people and make friends with students from different countries .
Try new food in completely different places .
They can explore cities in weekends or academic breaks .
Learn how to do everything by themselves and become independent .
To sum up , studying abroad is a great chance to get a great job as you have higher education with much more experiences .
Moreover , you can learn many things and expand your knowledge , have friends from different backgrounds .
Dear Paco ,
Hi !
How are you ?
Do you remember our arrangement ?
InBy February we 'll have finished our exams and we 'll have more free time .
For that reason we 're going to putting our name down at the gym and the swimming - pool .
Furthermore , on Tuesday and on Friday we wo n't have class and we will be able to go running and cycling .
Besides I 've a big surprise , apart from remembering our agreement , my father is taking up hiking with his friends and he has offered us to join in .
What do you think ? We could go on Sunday morning .
Nevertheless , what about having lunch on Saturday and speak it quietly ?
Answer me soon
Best wishes
Julianete
Dear editor
I 'm writing in response to the announcement in International Sports Monthly .
I would like to say that my favourite sport is birdwatching .
I know that this is something strange but I really enjoy it .
To begin with I am interested in birdwatching because from when I was young and I want to be a biologist when I grow up .
Birdwathcing really relax me and bring me closer to the nature .
Furthermore I enjoy being able to recognise the different species of birds .
If someone wants to start birdwatching , I think he should be interested in birdwatching first .
This means that if he does n't like it , he will definitely give up immediately .
So if someone really want to birdwatch , he should first know what species of birds there are in the area that he lives .
Then he should buy a pair of binoculars or a telescope .
To sum up I believe birdwatching is a really exciting sport but you must like it to start it .
Sports or hobbies could be great options like new activities in order to plan in my college , however I believe there are others which could be provided for us and it would be interesting to take part in .
Do n't you know to say in the presence of a huge audence ?
Are you nervous when you have to speak on public ?
The new activity which I have thought it could be organised and it could have success is called " The Club of dicussion " .
It let us improving our hearing and speaking skills .
In addition , it could be interesting although you do n't have to do physical actitivy , because of your capacity to redaction a speech , support an idea , have a connected speech will be got better in this kind of activity .
What 's more , it does n't require a specific place to take place in , it could be trying anywhere .
I think that the allure of this activity is you can meet a lot of people and share with them that experiences .
Moreover , I think that it should become a reality because the field of the activity is so broaden and it could be useful in other plenty scope even in your daily routine .
In conclusion , making a speech contributes on our social relasionships and it allows us to define our personality .
I think that my college must provide an activity which is focused on the social abilities and it teaches you how you must speak in front of a multitude , and why not could be this ?
Dear Lucky ,
Thanks for your last letter .
I am glad to understood that everything is OK about you .
I am very grateful that you will help me with searching some information about colleges in England .
Actually , I am interested in science , especially area between chemistry and physics .
Also , it will be interesting for me tuition , which refers to biology and influence in different kind of chemical compounds over the human body .
You know that I had learnt biotechnology at school in Bulgaria .
Please , check for me , which colleges provide these subjects and when they start .
I want to know if it is available a grant .
If so , what is the criteria for giving it .
Last , but not least , what is the fee ? I want to find a college , which is not so expensive .
Thanks a lot for your support !
Write to me as soon as possible .
Best wishes ,
Niki
.
Customer satisfaction is much great when he gets service which has value or quality much greater than he expected .
If service meets only the expectation and does not provide anything more than it , means customer satisfaction is there but customer would not feel great .
If service is not meeting expectation of the customer or its quality just below expected , it causes customer dissatisfaction .
This will result in consequences such as negative feedback .
In this context it can be concluded that 78% of the respondents are satisfied with both the customer services of builders and results of Vasthu .
Rest of the respondents have positive feedback .
The factors which hinders other respondents from giving very positive feedback may be either dissatisfaction caused by customer service or failure of meeting results of vasthu to their expectations .
I like watching movies a lot .
It is one of my favourite free time activities .
I like all kinds of movies . Comedies always make me laugh and I like it .
Also , I rest from the routine while watching it . I can relax and just watch , laugh and talk to my friends .
Another reason why I like comedies , there is a wide variety of this kind if movies .
You can choose what you want to watch .
Personally I , watch a comedy movie almost every evening .
It makes my mood better and I fall asleep while watching it .
I respond to the article " White House calls for ' genuine choice ' in Hong Kong elections after petition attracts 200,000 signatures " on SCMP .
I feel sad and angry to know that 200,000 Hong Kong people support this website .
They are short sighted and seems that they are brain - washed by radical democracy thoughts .
People who signed in the website were colluding foreign powers to suppress our own country , China .
I think this is traitors ' action .
They do not have basic loyalty to their own country .
Using foreign powers to threaten China is a kind of unwise act .
Hong Kongers , being a Chinese , should not inhibit our own country , with other countries .
In fact , china will not be moved by this , and this will aggravate the contradiction between Hong Kong , China and the US .
China has the power and freedom to decide the way to settle the dispute .
The US and other countries should not disrupt it .
It is better not to interfere the internal political affairs when they do not know lots about China 's politic conditions .
The US is really a busybody .
As we all know , Occupying Central is illegal .
The US is supporting this illegal activity indirectly .
The US always keep " rule by law " as their catchphrase , but Occupying Central is betraying the Hong Kong law .
So it is very strange for US to say " rule by law " when they support Occupying Central .
In Occupying the Wall Street , the US did not seems to be much more peaceful than Tiananmen Massacre .
According to Wiki encyclopedia , FBI called the occupier as " terrorist " and decided to suppress the dispute as settling terrorist attack .
So the US has no qualification to criticize China .
Apart from this , the president election in the US is full of unfairness .
I do not know if there is filter for president candidates , I just know that the ballots are counted in states .
There are different number of residents in different states , but it uses the states to represent the residents . I do not think the election is fair enough for the US to ask for " real democracy " for Hong Kong .
Is the US really target to get Hong Kong into a democracy area ?
I think not , but a democracy " country " .
After Hong Kong gets " real democracy " , the US will drive Hong Kong to be independent .
The US always target on dividing China into many small , weak countries , then it can break up a competitor of itself .
And it can even occupy the broken China to get interest in it .
Let us see counties that the US introduced " democracy " to it .
Egypt , Iraq , Libya , Syria , there were chaos for " democracy " everywhere , and the next , might be Hong Kong .
I am afraid that Occupying Central would lead to chaos that similar to Tunisian Revolution .
The signature collection of the White House now ended .
China has not take any further action .
I really hope Hong Kongers that signed in the website could think again what they were doing and how harmful it is to China .
And I really think the US could stop picking on China .
Learning many ideas and knowing detailed facts both are considered crucial for students education .
Some people think that knowing fact is more easily and practicable .
Nevertheless , others consider learning ideas and concept is the best way to confront many academic and real - life problems .
In my view , l completely agree with the idea that it is important to students to learn idea and concept than learn facts .
I would like to explain my reasons .
First , learning facts can help students to solve one kind of problems that they may face .
However , ideas and concepts give people competitive edge in dealing with other similar issues .
For example , once I do n't grasp an idea that my teacher have explained in class , but just remember facts .
When I do my homework , I find the problem is different than the case discussed in the class .
While , I go back to my textbook and try to realize ideas and concepts .
I work out the problem easily .
From this experience , I learn that I do not just remember facts , but try my best to understand ideas and concept .
thus , I can solve many kinds of problem simply .
Second , learning ideas and concepts support self - education greatly .
Consequently , you can reach high academic levels .
It is easy to know facts from people around you .
However , learning ideas and concepts need more investigation and understanding many of the academic textbooks . .
Nowadays , there are limited time for any teacher to cover all point in a certain subject .
When , students catch the idea of any topic it will be easy to understand all issue related to it deeply .
For instance , when I was in senior year in high school .
I took physics class .
It was massive materials on a specific issue , but I attempted my best to catch its notion that made me recognize any unmentioned points .
In sum , absorbing ideas and facts is the most effective strategy .
Not only do student learn more in their studying , but also they help students understanding many facts in our life better than any other ways .
If you ask me , who is the person who I admire the most ?
I would say you are talking about my father .
He is so brilliant , he speaks three languages , plays several instruments , and the most important of all , he is a man of remarkable principles .
When he was younger , he worked to the government but he had to quit because of the corruption .
He always wanted to have his own business , he used to say , if you work for somebody you are part of the problem , but if you hire people to work for you , you are part of the solution , so if you want to be successful , be your own boss .
He travelled a lot , he knows Barcelona , London , Paris , Stockholm , Miami and so many places .
He taught me my basic English , to playing tennis , to play the guitar , to dance , to sing and I can continue counting .
So , if I can end my days , been a little bit like him , the work will be finished and I could say I have been a good father just like him .
When I try to create in dreams , the home of the future the first thing , which I have in mind is new technology . in my opinion , homes in the future have to be different , this is connected with our society and development .
To begin with , I consider that many of homes , which will be create in the future must have robots .
A lot of them .
They are designed to doing all things related to housework .
In general houses could have open space , a lot of windows and light everywhere .
And one of the most important thing for me , new homes should fly in the sky .
In my opinion , inside they will be looks still in the same way , maybe more technology connected with new inventions .
One of the most impressive solution will be swimming pool in the sky , near area .
All in all , future houses will be looking more like airplane , and less like normal home .
They will be more comfortable and useful for our community .
It was a sunny day and I was with my friends at the beach .
Because it was our first day at Algarve , we decided to explore , a bit more of the area .
We picked up our things and start to walk .
The first thing to visit , according to the plane , was the Albufeira center .
We find a very cosy and traditional houses , the market was very populary , with a lot of people walking around , and the people were very nice to us .
The next place was a restaurant near the beach .
Near the restaurant we saw a very strange thing .
We saw a boy drawing my face , but I never saw that boy in my all life .
We decided to go talking with him .
He started being nervous when we question where he saw that girl .
He sad that girl , that he was drawing , is the most beautiful girl that he ever met in his whole life .
He explain that he saw that girls in the beach .
When we saw me in front of him , he immediately invited me to dinner with him .
Because I never heard beautiful words like that about me , I accepted the invitation without thinking .
When the night comes I went to the restaurant that he invited me to go .
I was dressing a short red dress and a black shoes .
The boy , Ruben , was wearing a shirt with a brown trousers .
The dinner was amazing .
Since then we have been in touch and by now we are dating . I think this is extraordinary .
Ruben is a very cute guy and I do not want to lose him never .
When I was younger , I did n't like any sport .
I tried with swimming , and I was found that so boring .
After that , I sign up into Karate classes but I did n't like combat sports like this .
But one day , my sport teacher gave me the opportunity to became a basketball player with nine years old .
Since that day , basketball became as my favourite sport .
The main reason which makes me love it , maybe that 's the teamwork , the feeling of unity when you 're in a big team and the sound of the net when the ball goes into the basket , it makes you go to the seven heaven .
That 's for sure .
You would like to become a basketball player too ?
All right , I 'm going to give you some advice .
If I were you , I would remember always a tip of Michael Jordan . "
A player could win a game , but only a team could win championships " .
If you remember that , and understand it , you will become a great basketball player .
I 'm sure .
All of us are surrounded of plastic , plastic is needed in our everyday life for a lot of things .
For this reason when a woman and her family decided to live a whole month without plastic they had to change treir live style .
Nowadays there are a lot of products which have plastic or they are wrapped in plastic so it could be difficult to live a whole month without it .
However this family believed that if they arrived their goal , they would reduce the amount of plastic rubbish .
So they would help to stop a bit the problem fot the UK 's recycling system .
This family says that they had to change their diet too , because of some of their usual food .
Such us yoghorts , biscuits , etc was wrapped in plastic .
So I think that from my point of view it could be difficult to follow this life style much more than a couple of months .
There are a lot of products or food , which are needed in our life , and they are match with plastic .
However I also think that it 's important to be concient with the environmental concernts , so some ideas like this could be good to reduce the rubbish .
To sum up I think that it 's important to know that we should recycle plastic as well as carton , glass , etc .
In order to do n't waste energy .
So we can use the plastic in a responsible way but we have to know that we should n't follow this idea until the extreme because we need plastic .
Witness
Sitting here alone , six floors up on my little balcony , when I heard shots and saw boys running .
The first thing I thought was that there was a CONFLICT between someone .
And then , I saw something black not moving in the LANDSCAPE of the woods .
I knew a body was lying there and knew it was dead .
A 15-year - old boy , the papers said .
A Bunch of sirens , cops and spinning lights were down there .
I watched till they DRAG him away , and then everything got quiet again as it there was nobody , so I 'm sure the cops will ENFORCE the guy who did this .
I did n't see them till next morning .
I 'm looking down at those woods .
A couple 's coming slow on Frankstown with a girl by the hand , had to be the boy 's baby sister .
They pass through Mason 's bar and stop exactly next to the spot the boy died .
How do they know .
Then they started to put and REWARD flowers were the boy died .
How do these people find the spot .
Could they hear my old mind working to guide them , lead them and TREND them and get up out this damn wheelchair and take them by the hand .
But I was in POVERTY , so I could not go and take them .
The guy who killed that boy really need to have a INCENTIVE to kill him .
That was an unfair death .
If there was a machine that can go REVERSE in the time , I might could save him .
But , unfortunately , were not in the future .
The other benefit of living abroad is an incredible personal experiences .
When you meet unique people with amazing stories .
For example , you may meet someone who has travelled nonstop for 20 countries and visited most of the countries on the plants .
Therefore , this experience opens you up to different ways of viewing the world which may alter the rest of your life .In addition , it gives your children a much better understanding of other culture when they attend international schools .
This results in it will change their lives and expand their prospects in the future .
Hello Jo
Congratulations !
You 're very lucky because you have free time to travel and work abroad .
I hope you have had a high score at the school .
My country , Spain , has a lot of beautiful cities and places to visit .
If you like mountain , you could start your travel on the North , a region called Asturias .
There is a well - known mountain , Lagos de Covadonga .
You could spend some time walking and visiting the region .
There are good meals and drinks : " fabada " ( with beans ) and " sidra " ( it looks apple juice ) .
Near the mountain ( about 20 kilometres ) you can find beaches , but I recommend the beaches on the South , Andalusia .
There are many kilometres of coast and there are a lot of sites and parties to enjoy all the time .
If you come here on February , you will enjoy a lot in Cadiz with the carnival .
If you come on Spring , you have to visit Seville , and you will enjoy the Easter Week and the Feria week .
Travelling in Spain is easy .
You have many roads , motorways , so you can rent a car and travel by yourself , without table - fixed times .
Despite , if you dislike driving , you can use public transport : long distance trains , buses , etc .
At the end , to look for a job , I think the best option is Madrid , which is the capital city , and there you will find a job easily .
I hope you enjoy your travel and see you soon .
Paco
Not differently of much of the world sports lovers , I 'm sick about Football !
Not just a really competitive game ; Football is a full mix of art , creativity , dedication , hard work and team cooperation .
Even if you are the best player in the whole world , you have always to play for your team - or else , be ready to be overcame by your foe !
When a very skilled player finds himself in a hostile work environment ( with talented but selfish players who are n't committed to their " team play " ) he tends to lose performance and lack good results in matches .
Sometimes , the real spectacle does n't take place in the fields , but in its surrounds !
Supporters of traditional clubs can be very passionate .
Usually , when facing tough opponents or decisive matches , they turn the stadium in a really large party in order to intimidate the adversaries ; coloring the benches with flags and jerseys - sometimes building wondrous mosaics to express their delight .
If someone asks me what is the most important thing to start practicing ( or even following ) this terrific sport , I 'd say it 's the passion in wearing your club 's jersey and the respect towards your adversaries ' .
Every country has got its own history .
For years of wars and difficult situations the history was creating people 's beliefs and convintions .
It was creating a culture .
People were building new castles , palaces and churches .
Yes - churches .
I think religion means a lot for people- especially polish people .
I want to describe a story of the Monastery of Częstochowa .
Its a city in Poland strongly connected with a dramatichistory of our country .
The monastery is situated on a hill .
The icon , depicting the Mother of God with the Christ Child , known as the Black Madonna of Częstochowa was imported from Russia in 1384.And since then a lot of pilgrims has been visiting that picture .
Some people probably think - there is not anything special- usual picture .
But in the 17th century there happened a miracle .
Polish people had to defend Częstochowa and rescue their countryBut the polish resistance was smaller and smaller .
Immediately the fighters of Sweden began to stop attacking a hill .
Polish soldiers managed to repulse them .
In 1656 polish king John II Casmir made Lwów Oath .
He promised that the Madonna of Częstochowa will always be a polish queen .
I think it is a perfect example of an important historical place in my country .
I think everybody who lives in Poland must go to Częstochowa .
When you were a child have you ever asked what are you able in ?
Or were you sure about your favourite sport ?
What are the sports you usually do ?
But , most of all , do you enjoy them ?
Athletes are extremely strong , probably they might fall in love with a sport at the first sight .
On one hand we have the people who lives on their sport , on the other hand there are ones who do any sport , indifferently , because it is just a way to lose weight or a way to spend their free time .
Unfortunately , I have not a favourite sport , although I 'd like to .
I just go to the gym twice a week to attend a course and I swear I have never sweated more .
It is likely you would have got more self - confidence if you had worked harder during a course .
So , for the unlucky ones like me , my suggestion is If you did not fall in love with any sport , you should try a course ! You will surely feel better and more relaxed after that .
Places to enjoy
The aim of this report is to give advice about the best places for the young people in my home town .
Cultural visits
Tarragona is an interesting and beautiful place for spending your time .
You can visit museums , roman monuments and also the cathedral .
TArragona is near Barcelona .
It is an important city and there are a lot of attractions .
You can go by train , by bus o maybe to rent a car .
Restaurants and clubs
You should go to the restaurants located in the harbour of Tarragona .
All of them are based on the typical Mediterranean cuisine .
Mirabel , Aquamar and Siroco are the trendy restaurants .
They are very comfortable and cosy and a good price .
YOu could go to clubbing in Tarragona but if you travel in summer it is worth the effort go to Salou .
It 's a village close to Tarragona .
AT night has a special atmosphere .
Relax
The best option to relax is to be lying on the beach .
Watching the Mediterranean sea .
Conclusions and recommendatios
Tarragona and surroundings are a good place to visit and to know their culture .
Everybody can be a good teacher for younger people .
In my opinion , parents are the same and they can be great teachers for their children .
Several reasons can support this idea , but I try to focus on the most important ones .
First , Parents are a great source of experience which can be helpful in teaching .
Secondly , they have a close relationship with their children , which results by feelings and emotions .
These two reasons may be enough for every child to consider his / her parents as valuable teachers .
As mentioned earlier , Experience is a prerequisite for every teacher .
In this respect , parents have so many things to teach to their children .
They have faced with different events in their lives and every event has had many lessons for them .
It does n't matter that they have failed or gained success on those events , the important thing is the experiences they have got from those events .
In this point of view , children can always ask their parents to teach them some new lessons from the large source of infinite experiences .
I myself , have faced with so many cases that helped me to understand the teaching ability of my parents .
Once I was 18 years old , I had to make an important decision about my university major .
So I just made a quick decision based on some research on the internet and some personal favorites and priorities .
I was hoping that , my decision was the right one , but it was n't actually . I had chosen electronic but my parents told me to have some more research and consultations with the graduates of different majors including electronic .
I did their recommendations and I totally changed my idea .
There were some aspects that I was really unaware of them .
So by considering different ideas and opinions , finally I chose computer engineering as my university major .
Now I am graduated in this major and I am really satisfied with that .
So , Parents ' experiences can make them strong teachers for their children .
Parents ' closeness to their children can be another reason that makes them good teachers .
They are really close to their children in the terms of feelings and emotional matters .
They have a strong familiarity about favorites , skills , talents and all other valuable information related to their children .
Regarding this information , they can teach their children and help them to make reasonable decisions .
I remember once in high school I had to make new friends and I was dubious about my situation and it was a great dilemma to choose the best ones .
So I came to my parents and asked their help , they presented the best recommendations for making the decision , then I could make the best friends that I can easily go along with .
I am really satisfied by my parents as my indisputable teachers .
they have really saved my lives in different cases .
So parents can be the best teachers regarding their emotional closeness to their children .
All in all , parents are a great source of experience , which can help them to be good teachers .
Also they have so many close relationships with their children , which makes them a trustworthy characters as teachers .
I hope a day that all the children rely on their parents as their teachers .
what I usually do in my free time .
I really like reading many kinds of books , magazine , etc.when the weather is bad , I love sitting in my favorite armchaire , near the fire place and reading .
I enioy to hear the rain while I am reading at home ...
Howhever I like very much walking too .
When the weather is good I often go out with my friend for a walk in the countryside or do shopping .
I also love watching films at the cinema or on tv .
I prefer comedy and romance , but I like triller and drama too .
At least I enioy to take care on my garden , where there are many flowerbeds with a lot of kinds of flowers .
Dear Laura ,
I am glad to hear you and know you have bought a new computer game .
Actually I do n't like very much the computer games , because in my opinion they are so boring!I also think these games get a sort of dependency , like the alcohol or the drugs , so they can be very dangerous !
I really prefer doing other kind of things on my computer , like to surf the Internet , to study English , etc .
For example I use my computer to prepare exercises for my students or to look for funny and useful laboratory 's experiences of chemistry .
See you soon .
Kisses .
Sara
A terrible holiday
Last year I decided to go on holiday with my friends .
We like very much the sea , so we looked to rent a little cottage on August at a lovely place in Sardegna .
We arrived at the island in the morning , after a long journey on a ferryboat .
Then we got on a bus to arrive at the house which we had rented .
The cottage was really fine , with a fantastic view of the beach .
I looked forward to go on the beach and to swim in that wonderful wather .
But the lucky was n't with me !
In fact I was ill all the time and I only could look the sea through the window of my room !
Dear Jeanny ,
I am always glad to receive your letter !
My favourite TV programme is Quark .
This is a documentary about the science .
I like watching it because in this programme I can get a lot of information .
For example I can know about the Big Bang , the origin of the universe , it 's fascinating !
I can also look about the astronomy , the fisic , the chemistry , the biology and many other range of the science .
In this programme I can have information about the last scientific discovery and the
technological development .
In my opinion it is one of the most interesting programme about the science on TV .
A kiss .
Sara
What did you understand about the job advertisement ?
This is a job about all the information material on a cruse , and media manager works with other managers on a cruise .
Every day you heave new news about cruise , excursion , weather and many other information about cruise .
If you want information early morning , we well can get newspapers in your cabin .
Media manager follow information on panel , change information depending on weather , trip and many other information .
What happens if you change the route on a cruise ?
You can change all the information on a cruise and inform passengers about the plan change for the cruise .
To take care of our bodies , we eat well , exercise and make sure to get enough sleep .
We also have to take in mind taking care of our environment , in order to have a healthy life .
In my town we protect the Environment Around us :
By recycling , by tryng to reduce the transit , walking and cycling , that also impruves our health and fitness .
People from all eages must help to clean up the city and protect the wildlife .
At school , children had been tauhgt about how to do an apropiated use of the electric energy .
there are many people that offered themselves as volunteers to clean the city , and had been very helpful to make the city cleaner and more attractive .
There also a lot of plans for the futre , in order to start using electric cars .
The title of one of the best thriller movies I have ever seen is " Seven " .
" Seven " is a story about a psychopathic serial killer , who kills on behalf morality and ethics .
In particular , the killer kills seven people each one corresponding to those - that according to the Christian religion , are the seven deadly sins .
All the murders show characteristics reflecting a specific deadly sin .
That provides , especially to one of the two detectives who are investigating about the crimes , a trace to follow in their investigation .
In the movies are some references to the Dante 's " Divina Commedia " Italian poem as well as to the Bible .
The film is excellent because of both a very exciting and engaging plot , and great interpretation of the main characters - the serial killer and the two detectives .
To my mind , shopping has both believers and opponents .
The first one claim that shopping is a big pleasure and fun .
The second do n't agree with them .
In my opinion shopping is not always enjoyable .
Many times when I was on shopping , I was unhappy or disappointed for different reasons .
First of all , we can like or even love shopping , but not always we have have enough money to buy items we want or need .
It 's nice go through shops and take leave with hands full of bags .
Unfortunately , we realize at home , that our wallet is empty .
That makes us sad .
What is more , shopping may affect our mood or even body in a bad way .
When it comes to bargain sale , on such period people start to behave like animals and rarely think reasonable .
They walk very quickly , even run to get the last thing which is left on the store .
They sometimes almost fight for it .
It 's really dangerous .
All in all , shopping in it 's intention is an enjoyable action which often makes us feel happy about it .
Nevertheless , some people treat shopping too seriously and as a result become addicted to it .
To whom it may concern .
Hi to everyone ,
My name is Daniela and I 'm eighteen years hold .
I 'd like to present my application because I think I 'm the right person that you are looking for the job described in your advertisement .
I speak both well English and French and I 'll be free all the summer until the end of October because I 've just finished High school .
There , over the last two years , I 've been a Leader of a group which was involved in the organisation of Courses for young students with learning problems .
At the same time I was one of the leader in the " Scouts " , so I 've learned a lot how to come together with people and to take care of them .
I was in the school swimming team and I 've got the first - aid certificate .
I 'm chatolic and I play the guitar in the Church 's choir .
Each years , in the summer holiday I 've worked in the " Summer camp " organised in our neighboorhood both helping in the kitchens and organising sports and various activities for children between 6 and 13 years hold .
Carefully , your Daniela
In the wonderful world of cooking that we live where we have a lot of products and chefs so good , I would want to visit an Italian restaurant because I love cheese and I think that Italy is the best place where you can eat a different types of cheese in the world .
The perfect atmosphere for me is a modern build that it has different rooms with different styles : modern , classic , gotic , etc .
When I eat in a restaurant I hate two things : people smoking and the high level of voice of the people .
Whereas , I love two things too : a friendly waitress with her traditional black clothes and a light on my table that make the night more romantic if you dinner with your couple or more relaxed if you dinner with your friend .
I think that an Italian restaurant is a great place for my class because there they can choose between different fantastic dishes for example : pasta , pizza , seafood or pork .
Besides , they can drink many wines .
However , not all it is ok , a trip to Italy is so expensive and many clasmates ca n't go it .
I enjoyed the time off from the University .
My time off from the University is significant to my personal development .
learning can also take place outside the University campus .
As such , we develop through interacting with their environment .
While on holidays from the University .
I travelled to my country of birth where I was able to meet my family member , relative and friends .
I was able to inspire some members of my family to send their children to University .
I told my friends and family members the importance of University Education to our community .
I visited many interesting places i.e. nature reserve , historical places , zoo , rivers etc .
Also during this period , I was involved in a local community project to build community hospital . while on this project , I interact and shared ideas with other professionals on the project .
While on the time off from the University .
I took a part - time employment with the local housing company .
This part - time job gives me the learning opportunity to develop my skills and understand the practical aspect of my career .
This practical experience gave me the opportunity to understand the importance of supervision .
I enjoyed the monetary values of this job .
I earn some money to pay my University fee and rent for three months . I also received a very good reference from the firm which was passed on to the University .
They would like to offer me another opportunity for work placement on my final year at the University .
Good Morning !
I 'm Mary and I 'm writing you a letter because I would like to work in your summer camp .
I live in Milan with my parents but I 'll move to the USA before the end of spring so I would like to find a job there to make some money .
My parents are both English native speakers but to learn more about the culture I studied languages at the university and now I 'm graduated in English and French so this job is also an opportunity for me to improve my English in another state and not only with my parents and family .
In Italy I worked as a babysitter for a couple of months , I took care of 3 kids : 1 child is 7 years old and the others 2 children are both 11 years old and back then I had to cook for them lunch and dinner .
At the university I was part of the football team and we won the championship against one of the most athletic football team in our country .
I think I 'm an energetic person , that likes all the types of sports and activities but the most important thing is that I love kids and playing with them makes me really happy .
I would like to take part of your staff so please let me know if I can work with you !
Thank you for your time !
Bright future for public transport
The convenience of travelling by cars benefits the majorities of us in a modern society .
It is efficient and private .
Car manufactures desperately seeking new technologies to improve the features of a car .
By making it more modern , powerful and economic , they have successfully attracted more customers than ever .
In Canada , the vehicles per capita is 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
There was once an interest saying that North America are the nations on wheels .
Car has brought the epic change to our lifestyle .
We depend on cars so much as if they are our spare pair of foot .
As result , the rapid increasing of cars on the road brought negative consequences .
Firstly , vehicle 's emissions can cause detrimental effects on the environment in many ways .
Such as global warming , soil and water pollution and acid rain .
Secondly , vehicles contain many different fluids , including motor oil , antifreeze , gasoline , air - conditioning refrigerants , and brake , transmission , hydraulic and windshield - wiper fluids .
In most cases , these fluids are toxic to humans and animals , and can pollute waterways if they leak from a vehicle or are disposed incorrectly .
In addition , traffic congestion has become another worsen problem .
It spread massively in much of the world and has many negative impacts of all aspects .
In 2010 , a recurring massive traffic jam that happened in China caught worldwide media 's attention .
The traffic Jam slowed down thousands of vehicles for more than 100 kilometres and lasted for more than ten days .
Many drivers were able to move their vehicles only 1 km per day , and some drivers reported being stuck in the traffic jam for five days .
It is considered to be one of the longest traffic jams by some media .
On the other hand , modern public transport has been improved progressively in the past decade .
Its comfortable , efficient and economic features have been attracting more young professional .
By taking a subway , you will be able to guarantee your arrival time for a class or an important meeting ; In some big cities , public transport plays a big role in a modern society . with great coverages and efficient routes ,
subway has become the most popular commute tool .
For instance , in New York , the subway system contains 232 miles of routes .
In 2013 , the subway delivered over 1.71 billion rides , averaging approximately 5.5 million rides on weekdays.[2 ] Shanghai Metro system are 14 metro lines and 329 stations , with an operating route length of 334 miles , with 2.5 billion rides delivered in 2013 .
On a normal weekday over 8 million people use the Shanghai Metro.[3 ]
In addition to the convenience of public transport , the fare is much cheaper compare of driving a car .
Some professional companies even offer their employees free public transport pass as a benefit .
The public transport in my city is very convenient .
Even though our subway system is still developing , the main line that pass through downtown , several universities and popular city spots is very popular and has been many tourist , students and professionals 's prior choice for commute .
There are some park and ride stations allowed car drivers to connect with the subway , It is very convenient and encouraged more people to drive less .
If I have to get to somewhere on time in rush hour , I will first consider the subway over drive a car .
Eco - friendly awareness has positively affected young generations .
Taking subway to work has become a trend and all the changes that happening today will sure lead a bright future to public transport .
[ 1 ] Wikipedia , Motor Vehicles Per Capita
[ 2 ] Wikipedia , New York City Subway
[ 3 ] Wikipedia , Shanghai Metro System
Dear Ann ,
I know you 're coming next week to Rome and I would be really glad if you could come to see me .
I am going to explain how to get to my place from the airport .
First of all , once you arrive you will need to get the train , which stops at Tiburtina .
From there take the bus 45 and stop at Piazza Rubiani , I 'm do n't live very far from there , it will only take a couple of minutes .
So , from Piazza Rubiani take the second on the right which Via Priscilla and stop at number 27 .
Should you have any problems , just give me a call !
I ca n't wait to see you .
Love .
Adri
I think it could be a good idea to try the restaurant " The old clock " .
The restaurant is charming and fascinating , located in the old town 's center .
It 's an ancient brewery which keeps a particular atmosphere .
The menu in not really wide - this is good in my opinion , because I 'm quite suspicious of the restaurants offering too many dishes ... The restaurant serves fresh food only , depending on the season 's products .
There is also a good choice of food for vegetarians , so Mike and Ann will have not a problem to eat .
The downside could be the waiting time to eat , because all the dishes are prepared at the time of the customers do the order .
But it 's a guarantee for the client : the food is great indeed !
The location is informal and the service is good , the owner and the waiters are friendly , you feel at home .
You can listen live music or a DJ on Friday evening , it 's really fun !
Last but not least , the price is good , especially compared with the quality of food and service .
As the concert finished , I heard someone call my name .
A man put a small envelope in my hand and went away .
I opened it and I could see a common C D inside .
When I got home , I played the CD on the CD player but it really was n't any sound !
At that moment the phone started to ring , I pick it up ... but no one answeared me when I asked ' Who is that ? ' .
I was beginning to get very nervous when somebody Knocked the door .
I opened it but there was nobody there !
Suddenly a loud noise was heard in the room and I woke up .
I was lying on the couch with a mystery novel in my hands!. It had all been just a nightmare!.
All over the world , the number of overweight people is growing .
What to you feel are the main causes of this ?
What are the effects ?
Obesity is one of the most important challenges of the current society due to the fact that people suffering from it has been growing alarmingly .
This essay will look at the some of the key causes and effects of overweight among people .
Firstly , food habits such as fast food and sedentary lifestyle are some of the main causes of surge in weight among people .
For instance , there are many studies by various bodies in the US show that more and more teenagers are spending most of their time in front of TV or computer playing video games , they hardly perform any sort of physical activity and also indulge in fast food .
This shows that fried or package food and complete lack of exercise are the chief reasons for increase in obesity among young people .
Secondly , bullying among teenagers and rise in heart attacks are some of the main effects among people who are obese .
For example , it should be noted that , recent studies by WHO has revealed that obese people are prone to bullying and there is rise in number of cases of heart attacks among young people with obesity .
This example shows that people with obesity not only suffer from bullying but also from heart attacks .
Having looked at both causes and effects of overweight among people , it is recommended that people take care of eating habits by reducing the intake of fast food and also take time out to exercise to lead a health lifestyle for their own benefit .
Dear friend :
How are your things ? I went to our new shopping centre last week .
I spent a really good time with my boyfriend , this place is outside the city centre of Granada , in Spain .
I liked this shopping centre because it has a lot of women 's shops inside , the facilities are quite atracctive and very up - to - day , the green zones are wide and it is supplied with a lot of wooden benches .
I bought two kinds of clothes , casual clothes for every day and outfit for an occasion to my cousin 's wedding the next month .
See you soon ¡
Best regards
BEA
Peter looked at his watch and knew he had to do something immediately .
He had been stuck in this blizzard for a lot of time .
He did n't know what to do , he tried to call someone , but the line did n't work .
He was starting to get nervous , he was arriving late to his sister 's wedding , it was probably the best day of her life and he was n't there with her .
When the first hour had passed he decided he would go walking .
When he opened the door a cold wind whipped him hard but he did n't care about it and kept going .
The sky was cloudy , the temperature was below zero , the wind made him not being able to walk and it 's now when he realized why was her sister celebrating her wedding on these dates .
He began to feel wet and that was when he noticed that it was raining heavily .
He could n't believe it , but he could n't stop walking he had to get to church .
Peter opened the door and everybody turned around to watch him .
He was wet , cold , starving and outside the weather had worsened , the road was flooded and the cars could n't pass .
But Peter did not regret having walked in the pouring rain , because he had been with his sister on her special day .
There are plenty of sports . some can be practiced indoors , some outdoors and others in water .
For me , these are the most incredible sports that anyone can perform .
Swimming is one of the most complete sports because you use every part of your body in order to sustain and advance the water .
The ideal is to start practicing this sport as children , because the oldest you are is more difficult to overcome fear , but it is never too late to learn to swim .
This sport combines the movement of arms and legs with breathing , as coordination between these parties is crucial .
Among the advantages of swimming we can highlight the following :
1 .
to delay aging , it increases memory and the ability to move .
2 . burn more calories , because in the water , the muscles work 5 times more than on outside it .
3 .
Improving the respiratory system .
4 . Eliminate back pain and bones .
5 . Relax not only the body but also the mind , so that the stress decreases considerably .
If you want to know more and learn to practice this sport , we recommend attending a specialized school , there are many good and not so expensive , where you can count with the support of a qualified instructor who will give you the confidence to start .
Hi Keiron ,
Hope you are doing well .
As per our discussion earlier on the Service Guide Sales communication , I would like to ask you if you already have started to prepare the background and sales communication materials for having these service guide and how to use them .
We are aiming to deliver the Service Guide materials in Week 25 to the marketing colleagues for translation and localisation .
The countries will have 6 weeks to localise and production ( till Week 32 ) .
Following our communication to the marketing community , ideally we should also inform the sales community with the sales communication materials and guidelines .
I propose to have a meeting to discuss the process / timeline and align our communications to the marketing and sales community .
Would you be available to meet on Monday , June 02 .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Kind regards ,
The article is devoted to the characteristic of the objective aspect of a crime , responsibility for which is provided by Art .
134 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation .
Various points of view are given concerning concepts of sexual intercourse , sodomy , lesbianism .
On the basis of medical and legal provisions as well as jurisprudence the author formulates definitions of the mentioned actions of sexual character .
Also , the imperfection in formulation of specified article is stressed .
On the basis of more weighed and reasonable approach the new edition of Art .
134 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation is offered .
Hi Tom ,
You welcome , I 'll be very happy to put you up . I'll show you the marvellous venues which are situated in my hometown .
To coming to my accommodation , firstly you must take the National Express ' coach .
You must find the bus stop on the side of the car park .
You must take the number 748 .
Secondly you 'll get off at the Galleria .
It 's a shopping centre , which is situated in Hatfield .
On the opposite side of National express ' bus stop there 's the bus stop .
You have to catch 712 bus up .
It brings you directly to my subburn .
You must get off at London Road bus stop .
Finally you will find my apartment near the bus stop .
This is the cheapest way to get to my home that I know .
About the weather forecast for next month , I 'm afraid to tell you that the temperature might fall down .
I suggest having a coat .
If you need further details how to arrive at my apartment write to me soon .
Take care
Maurizio
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
As you do not have to wait for set time tables and follow fixed routes .
You can go anywhere you want and even during the night when the public transport is scarce or it could be unsafe .
Driving your own car gives you more freedom in travelling and increases your sense of independence .
However , a car is not always more economical to run because for example , you have to pay road taxes , insurance , and motor tests .
Not to mention the combustible .
Generally speaking , cars generates more pollution than any public transport .
The main reason of this , is that cars use diesel or petrol , whereas trains use electricity .
It is also important to mention that people who drives its own car most the time travel on their own .
Finally , another advantage over private cars is that it reduced the traffic chaos .
To sum up , I think the future in transport is just starting up .
From 17th to 20th March me and my schoolmates , and also the 2 M , went to a trip to Sicily .
We stayed here for 4 days and we visited Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and a little part of Trapani .
We flew from Orio Al Serio to Catania : to me was the first time I took an air , and it was amazing , but at the beginning I had a little bit of headache .
When we arrived in Catania the bus driver bring us in a café to have breakfast .
Then we went to Taormina and we visited a lot of things : the Greek theatre , Corvaia palace and the Sicilian ' pupi ' , Roman Odeon and a public garden and other beautiful places .
Then we had lunch and went to ' Giardini Naxos ' and we saw the necropolis .
In the evening we went to Siracusa and we stayed in the hotel because we were tired .
The next morning we visited Siracusa and in the afternoon we went to Ortigia island where we had a little bit of free time .
From Siracusa we moved to Agrigento where a lot of us stay in the hotel that night .
In Garigento we saw the ' Valle Dei templi ' and a museum and in the afternoon we moved to ' Santa Maria Dei Greci ' .
We saw also Pirandell 's house , and after this we went to Marsala . during the evening we stayed in the hotel and in the morning we saw a museum and then we moved to Trapani where we visited the saltworks .
Then we had free time for 1 hour , but soon we had to go to the airport to take the air and come back here .
It was an incredible trip !
I have an unusual car .
It looks like regular cars but has some advantages .
First of all , my car has high speed .
Secondly , it can fly .
Besides , my car is considerably powerful than other means of transport .
It does not need a fuel because there are different forces which raise the car in the air .
My transport is blue like the sky .
Using this transport I will go to New Zeland then Australia and other countries .
I want to see tropical animals , birds and meet with local population .
Besides , I am going to look migration of the biggest animals of the world - whales .
Travelling by car is muc more convenient , as many people say , but public transport is much better for the environment .
There are now 8 billion people living on our earth and if everyone would drive a car , the smoke would be so high , that we could n't live here anymore .
Many people use public transport every day and I think this is good for our communication , because we can talk to other people .
It is also good for our environment because there is just one bus for 80 people .
There would be much more exhaust if every person is driving a car .
Public transport will increase in the future , because every year there are more trainstations , and more streets .
The Weeping Angel is a thriller full of haunting beauty and intrigue .
It unravels in the modern New York among anonymous office buildings and empty - eyed crowds .
The hero finds all his friends disappear one by one .
Looking for traces of those he loved , he stumbles upon a truth that was hidden in plain sight .
Only by looking in the eyes of the stone - cold danger can he evade the disappearance himself .
He might have tricked the monsters into a trap , but such creatures , almost too evil to be real , can never be stopped .
My favourite sport is swimming . I like it because it makes me feel free , independent and happy .
It is an individual but also team activity .
In my opinion it is one of the healthiest sport there are beacuse you can train not only your body but you can also develop your breath .
I do not practice swimming in competitions but almost since I was 3 years old .
I always had great coaches who trained me according to my ability so that I did not go never over my limit .
I have always felt comfortable as a child with my tank mates .
During these years I have changed three times around pools .
At the moment I am training at the Turin Sisport near Mirafiori .
Is a sport quite tiring but you can relax when the coach says it 's time to take a break .
If I had to give advice to someone who wants starting this sport I would tell him not to worry if he does n't feel confident .
If he was afraid of the water it is not recommended to practice this sport , or be able to break down his fear would be a great goal .
All in all I would recommend to anyone to play this sport .
It is a sport that purifies and regenerates you .
If we talk about my favourite sport , basketball will be .
I love basketball , though I rarely play basketball because it is hard to find a stadium to play basketball in Thailand .
I like basketball because it is one of the easiest sport .
Let 's talk about the advantages of playing basketball .
I think playing basketball help me to be healthy .
If someone wants to play some sport , basketball is my first advice .
It is an easy sport to play for anyone who never play any sport before .
So , newbies can understand and know the rules easily .
These are the story about basketball , my favourite sport .
It 's true that not many people consider the members of their family their best friends .
Neither do I. However , I have a curious opinion .
On the one hand , your relatives are the people who will be always part of you .
Nobody can leave a family as there will be a bloody union .
So , it would be a good choice to consider them your friends .
It is more possible losing contact with a friend than with the family .
Otherwise , it happens that sometimes you have an argument with a family member and you need to talk to a friend to be cheered up .
If you talk to a friend , who is also a member of your family , the situation could turn out to be a little awkward .
All in all , how we can see there are many advantages and disadvantages of considering the members of your family your best friends .
From my point of view , friendship is based on the honesty .
What 's more , not only is your best friend the person who never lies you , but also is the person who is always by your side .
If a family member was like that , it could turn into my best friend .
The housing situation for young people in my country
Introduction :
The purpose of this report is to evaluate the range of options available for many twenty - somethings in order to choose their housing system in my country , as well as the main obstacles they face with each one .
Moreover , it will also describe the possible housing outlook in the next years and the consequences for young people .
Who can afford a house ?
Nowadays owning your own house has become an uphill struggle unless you were willing to pay through the nose for it .
Due to the enormous economic crisis that have shaken Europe and that have intoxicated the real - estate market , most of the prices are eye - watering expensive for college students that want to study abroad or simply emancipate .
Even if they manage to save the amount of money for a flat it usually has not enough room to swing a cat .
In addition the unwillingness of the banks to lend money to anyone without a stable job is something important to take into account .
If you can not afford it , then just rent it .
Although renting is the first option for most of the youth , rents also had been affected for the housing bubble and their prices have shot up too .
Then , sharing the costs could be the solution for lots of students beyond all the problems that could arise from the communal living .
At least you 'll always have your parents .
In order to save up for future plans , a large number of early adults prefer to stay under the wing of parents rather than leaping in the dark and go out .
That could be end in constant arguments because of issues like intimacy and so on .
What about the future ?
The future remains uncertain until the economic situation gets over .
As there are no many signs for this to become real , young people must wait to start their own lives .
My favourite sport is running .
It keeps me fit , be healthy and full of energy .
When I run I feel relaxed , I forgot all my troubles and stresses .
It refreshed me .
Once , I took part in half - marathon .
At first , I could n't believe that I can do this .
But then I proved to myself that everything is possible .
In addition , I met new friends here , they are very clever and physically strong .
They teach me the techniques of how to run faster .
I keep practicing with them running around West Lake every Saturday .
After the race we get around in the cafe , drink beer and have a nice conversation .
It was a great time .
My next goal is to participate in full - marathon .
Also running improves my willpower , because I have to wake up early in the morning and run , without fail .
I become more organized , and I managed to do more than I could imagined .
I think everything is possible when you are organized . You start to build your own timetable , which make your life more easy and effective .
It helps you not to waste your time .
I think it is the key to success .
We can learn that a lot of successful people are very organized .
In my opinion , sport plays a great role in our life .
This company has the intention of setting up some training courses for staff so I came up with the idea of having a course that concentrates on company morale .
I consider this course as a priority in order to get every employee to feel motivated and involved in what this company has to offer .
I strongly believe in the idea of having a comfortable office environment , because when you like what you are doing and also where you doing it , you will do it the best you can .
I recommend that everyone at this department take the course , that way we could have the perception of all the employees and focus in what we need to improve and canalize it into profits .
This courses will last about a week and I suggest we only take from two to three hours per day so it does n't become tedious and we can keep everyone interested .
In conclusion this will get everyone feel part of the company and have everyone 's opinions .
yesterday , I watched a science fiction movie called blade runner .
The movie was first released in 1982 and directed by Ridley Scott who is the director of Alien .
The story of blade runner is about a police officer named dickard who is working as a killer for the most dangerous robots on earth which they called the replicants , and they are dangerous on human .
The film events happened in Los Angels in late 2019 , there are 4 robots in the story and each robot has his own character , and the most famous and dangerous one is called batty , he is a very advanced robot and has many skills and abilities .
Dickard the police officer killed three robots in the film , but at the end of the movie and before he tried to kill the last robot , he discovered that batty has emotions and feelings instead of his mechanism body because he saved dickard 's life at the end of the film .
Travelling has an important role in our everyday life , we need to get to work , school , want to meet our friends .
Most of those plans would not be possible , if there were not for means of transport .
But which one , public transport or our own car we will be choosing more often in future ?
On the one hand it is more convenient to have a car .
Owning vechicle is very comfortable and gives you independence .
It enable you to go everywhere you want no matter when .
You can also stop caring about how much you taking to work and on trips , being able to hide all those things inside of your trunk while it is impossible in any other means of transport ,
On the other hand , having your own car is expensive and no everyone could afford it .
For those people there is always another option - public transport .
It is not only cheaper , but also saves you from such problems as lack of parking places and reduce traffic jams .
Moreover , travelling by trains , trams or buses produces less exhaust fumes and as a result saves ozone layer .
To sum up , travelling using public transport is more beneficial for both environment and travellers .
I am convinced , that in spite of comfortable cars , public transport will be constantly developing .
Hi Sara ,
thanks for your interest , you 're very kind !
Yes , I know , it was a difficult decision to take , but I am too stressed here , I need a break , so I decided to travel to England , the country I have ever wanted to visit but I 've never been there .
For this the first think I 'd like to do when I 'll arrive is to visit the country , I want to do this during the first month , every day I want to enjoy myself visiting new places !
After I 'll need to make some money , my parents will give me some but they wo n't be enough for six months , so I must find a job !
I need to ask you for some help , you 're the only person I know who lives there , so the only one who can help me .
The first thing I must ask you is if you could find a place where I can stay , a motel or , better , a shared house . I know it 's a lot to ask but could you send me a contact of a company that is looking for a part - time staff ?
Thanks a lot
I hope to see you soon !
kiss , Gloria .
Stem cells are undifferentiated biological cells that can differentiate into specialized cells and divide to produce more stem cells .
They can also treat or prevent a disease or condition , and are used by the scientists in researches , and by the doctors .
I think it is a really good idea to use the stem cells in order to save other people 's lives , even if they come from an abroted foetus .
There are a lot of people in this world that are ill and need stem cells in their healing process , so parents that had an abroted foetus should let the scientists and the doctors use the stem cells in their research , and help other people .
Science nowadays developed a lot , and gave the population a lot of possibilities like storing the stem cells and using them to heal the future health problems anyone could have .
All in all , I suppose a lot of people disagree with this subject because it is not a good idea for them , but in my opinion it is a really good idea to save other people 's lives by taking stem cells from an aborted foetus .
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to inform visitors of Leonberg about our shopping facilities .
Findings
When you come to Leonberg you will find many useful shops .
The most popular retail stores are located in our famous mall called Leo Center .
There you can find almost anything you want from clothes to electronics and groceries to beauty products and flowers .
Furthermore , the picturesque old town of Leonberg has a number of lovely small corner shops where you can by local food and handmade products .
Even if you are interested in more than ordinary shopping you will be satisfied in Leonberg .
We provide a big furniture store , an extraordinary market garden , a well - known home improvement store , and also a large bike retailer with professionally trained shop assistants .
Recommendations
Depending on your personal interests you should head for different quarters of Leonberg .
If you prefer to walk around and get a feeling for the town 's culture , you should go to one of both historic town centers .
If you rather like faster shopping I suggest you visit our Leo Center .
In my opinion shopping is not always enjoyable , especially for men .
When the women spend the hours in the shops , men must go with them .
It 's a suffering for every man .
First , they have to spend the many and waste time witch they could spend watching TV .
Shopping is not enjoyable also , when we must buy something , in this case we ca n't find what we want , generally , people do n't like the things which they have to do .
In this situation , we are nerves and stress .
Sometimes , your shopping turn out to be unsuccessful and you are desperate because you wasted money .
But , if you are woman and you are lots of money and time you will be always content during the shopping .
If we look around us , we can see a lot of facilities .
If we think about them , we would realize that we are lucky because of the simple fact of enjoy them .
They have not always been here , and they will not be here for ever .
One of the momentous human aims is to make eternal the life as much as it could be possible .
For this reason , we are always involved in the project of improving the facilities for life , and one of the most important aspects of the project is the home .
Nowadays , we have a lot of electronic devices such as microwaves , remote contols for tv , electronic devices for cooking , personal computers , and so on and so forth .
Each one make the everyday life a bit more easy , but a real progress on home would be electronic devices that were connected to the mind .
This would be my ' home of future ' .
An inner electronic system would compose the whole house ; it would include small devices of wave reception connected , in every side of house , to a gum headband whose function would be to identify the neuronal stimuli and to convert them on radiowaves .
This headband would be related to household chores such that if you would need to washing dishes or to sweeping , you only may to think about it and the robotized system of the house would send orders to each part of the house itself .
This system would also be connected to the Internet in a ' dual output port remote of information ' .
Having explained it , I am completely sure that this outline of my ' house of future ' will astonish and marvel everyone who read my sublime project .
Dear Paul ,
How are you donig ? I remember you wanted me to tell you about my experience with helping at a concert I 've been to last month .
I am glad to tell you that it was awesome and I hope that I will be able to do something like that again . I am convinced that it was one of the best days in my life .
It all started when I applied for being a volunteer at this event .
I did n't think that I have any chance to get there , because of the big amount of rivals .
But I fortunately did it .
I attached to a group of people who were responsible for informing public about the programme and all the organisation stuff .
There were so many guests and I was afraid that it will be too hard for me to do it right .
But my new friends from this group were very polite and we worked together , so it was much easier , than I thought at first .
After some time I felt sad , because I realised that I wo n't be albe to see the bend playing at the stage , because I had to stay in front of the entry .
But after the first song , when the audience started to sing and dance , our manager came to us and told us that we can go see the concert .
I was so extremely happy .
I was having a great time through the entire concert .
After that we went to the backstage and spent some time with the band .
We took some pohotos and got autographs .
It was really cool .
As you can see , it was all really amazing .
I met a lot of fantastic people and I am still in touch with them .
I hope that next time you will be able to go with me .
Love , XY .
That was a mistake .
A BIG mistake .
Michael do n't know anything about love and sweetness .
Like everyone else on this planet ... I think ?
Anyway , you know what ?
The only thing he knew when he came to Mandy 's home was this : The world does n't turn around him .
He came and the first word he said was :
- " Shit ! "
Yes , I know , not very smart .
But this is Michael .
And Michael do n't care what people think about him .
And this is the " Mandy moment " .
- " What ? What 's again wrong with you ?
- Nothing . I 've lost my apartment 's keys .
Where are these fucking bastards keys ? ......
- ... You never change .
You always do something wrong .
This is you .
YOU .
Michael the big man , who can do everything in the whole damn world , except care of his keys , I guess ... "
I think I 've neglected to explain one thing to you ?
Michael was , at this moment , angry .
But not angry like you and me .
No no no .
Angry like a tiger , or something else who 's bad , naughty and terrific .
Yeah .
And that was how Michael was at this moment .
- " What is your problem ?
- What ?
- I do n't repeat myself a third time : What is your problem ?
- I 've no problem with you !
You 're always like that .
You 're fucked up all the time . "
He hit her .
That was all .
He taking his bag and he goes to the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Sexual Harassment
Have you ever been harassed by others ?
Their behavior may make you feel uncomfortable and disgusting .
If you have or you have witnessed this before .
You should know it is called sexual harassment .
Sexual harassment is somebody else ( maybe strangers or maybe someone you are familiar with ) bully or force you sexually .
You may get hurt physically and mentally from sexual harassment .
Today , I will talk about the problem of sexual harassment .
First , I will show you what happens when sexual harassment occurs .
Second , I will tell you how to deal with sexual harassment .
Let 's start by watching a video .
( show video )
Sexual harassment may occur in a variety of circumstances - in workplaces , school and even your houses .
The perpetrators harm the victims by words or assault .
Now you know what is sexual harassment .
Next I will tell you how to deal with it .
If you are the victim of sexual harassment or you are the witness , you should try to call for help at first .
Screaming , yelling … do some actions which will attract others ' attention .
You can also prepare some weapons such as pepper spray , whistle or electric baton , just in case .
Many people hesitate to tell others about the incident because they think it is embarrassed to tell others about this .
Yet , you should tell someone you can trust .
And then they can help you to solve the problem .
I have explained two important aspects about sexual harassment .
First , I showed you what is sexual harassment .
Second , I tell you what you can do to deal with it .
In conclusion , sexual harassment may happen anywhere anytime by anyone .
Be alert and do some precautions to protect yourself .
If you are involved , do not be afraid to tell the truth and let others help you to deal with it .
Let 's say no to sexual harassment !
A great place to eat is in " The Rivera " .
This restaurant it is near the riverside of Zarate .
First , you have a variety menu and the service in this place it is wonderful .
You begin with a
great starter and when you finish it , they bring you the barbacued meet .
Then the main course is the barbacued meet that is very tender and tasty .
The meet is not salty as
other restaurants , and they let you eat the amount of main courses as you wish for the same price .
Is a package that includes the Starter , main course and the desert .
Drinks are apart of the package .
On the other hand , the atmosphere of the place is excellent .
Rivera is a friendly and lively place
with an amazing riverside view that makes you relax and fell comfortable .
To sum up , I will recommend this place if you want to pass a great time and eat as your last day
Travelling by car is much more convenient than using public transport for various obvious reasons .
But , considering the increase in private vehicles in our crowdly populated world , it is recommended by geologists and eco - scientists that we use public transportation .
By this way , we not only contribute to saving our eco - system , we also contribute to increasing the national revenue .
When mobile phones have conquered our palms , we have no time to even meet our parents and children .
Our interaction with human beings have pathetically reduced .
Exchanging greetings , expressing emotions , updating work status , gaming , studying and more have become activities we do using mobile phones .
Cars are mostly used by people travelling for long distances in shorter time .
Inside cities and for shorter distances , nothing can be more comfortable and safe than public transport .
Using public transport not only helps us reach our destination safely , but also gives us ample opportunities to network and be with our people .
They are safer , cheaper and faster .
Even if cars outnumber users , public transport will continue to help and support us in a safe and a healthy living .
For centuries the population of the world has been dreamt of commuting anywhere comfortably by car .
How many of us stand from our bed already exhausted from the only thought of getting into a public transport ?
It was thinking about this major problem that , the governments from around the world has launched the greatest and ambitious plan .
To start with cars are going to be made by using the high technology at lower cost , therefore affordable to all .
City development is already under construction .
New motorways , streets , parking are not longer sit on the council 's offices , waiting to be signed , they are reality transforming the world landscape .
Could we ever think of such dream coming true ? All this is beyond my imagination and understanding , whereas the use of new technologies could be used to give the world a much better healthy environment and less egocentric .
Dear John
I am very interested in to start a pet - care franchise because I like pets and I think all these services would be very helpful for a lot of people in my country too .
Can you tell me more about the possibilities of taking out a Petpals franchise in my country .
I would like to know with how many initial investment I have to calculate ?
How many hours do you work in this business and when are the working hours ?
Is this more in the evening or on the weekend ?
Another thing I would like to know is how much turnover / profit can I expect in the first year ?
In your article you write from a education center with assistance for new franchisees .
Which training do you offer ?
Can you send me an offer ?
Thank you very much for you help .
Yours sincerely
Isabel
In the future our lives will be much more difficult because we 'll struggle for everything alone .
We have started to struggle alone .
We'll get lonely more and more and also selfish , too .
No one will help each other .
Everyone will get help from the machines or technological items .
Technology will be our best friends .
Despite this our appearance will change .Our fashion will be more technique .
I ca n't imagine what things we might eat in the future .
Pills ?
Just for saving time ?
Because we wo n't have time to eat delicious food and drink an exquisite wine and have a chat with a friend .
What about the relationship ?
Well , I do n't think that we will build a close relationship with anyone and building a family will be even worse .
The family might exist on paper but not in real because each member in the family will be busy and they will just send some masseges from the high technology phones they 'll have at that time .
I know , it sounds boring and pessimistic but if we wo n't change our minds imediately , the future is going to be like that , for sure .
This bar chart depicts an average of knowledge on reading and writing for female and male on six different regions in 2000 .
From an overall perspective it is notable a higher amount of illiterate women in all the regions compared with men , who are in some cases the half part of the total of women in each region .
Developed countries , Latin America and East Asia are the three regions that depict a low percentage of illiterate people , expresed below 20% , whereas Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab States and South Asia are above 30% of people who do not know read and write .
Developed countries figures are the lowest , being almost at 1% , whilst South Asia numbers rose extremely , reaching almost a 60% in the case of female gender and overtaking the 30% in the male gender .
As we can see , an unequal percentage are shown depending on the area where the people come from .
Buenos Aires is a city made for tourists , visitors can do so many activities in a small radio of the city , dance Tango , eat traditional meet or visit a beautiful library are some of them .
Furthermore there are many places where tourist can buy many things , such as a typical mate or a picture from the obelisco porteño .
But if visitors want something more than a typical souvenir , they can visit canteens or a bar where are set tango shows and take they own pictures or even buy a CD with the traditional music from Buenos Aires .
There are also places where peolpe can buy the typical clothes , dark dresses for women or a ' tango hat ' for man .
Even if you want just go shopping for clothes , there are so many places where you can go , Palermo is known as a little New York for the disigners and well know marks , and technology is set on Recoleta .
So , Buenos Aires , also know as the Paris from America , gives all visitors the opportunity for meeting Argentinian tradition in only one city that involves the history and the culture of the country .
Pontevedra in its way to become a green town .
Pontevedra has been one of the most polluted towns from Galicia for many years .
We had two factories and a great amount of traffic problems .
We did not even knew what to do with our garbage .
Finally , we polluted our rivers .
First of all , let me tell you there has been a great change in people 's minds .
We thought the factories were good because they allowed a great amount of people to work there .
Later , we realized the factories could be moved elsewhere .
We started to appreciate the advantages of walking .
Last but not least , we also became proud of our beautiful rivers .
When the new mayor arrived , he decided to move the traffic away from the city centre .
At the beginning , this was a much controversial decision .
Later , he also ordered to clean our wet zones too .
Finally , he has championed moving Celulosas factory to a safer place .
Pontevedra is going greener .
We have suffered like every other city these rough years .
Nevertheless , our passion is still strong .
We want to move away the last factory from the river .
Although we have made great strides , there are still a lot of things to do .
In many countries , it 's consider that the relatives are the close family and the only people with an individual can be just the way he is .
This point of view is based on , for example , that you shares an important bond with your family or that you know everything about some members , like your cousins and they know everything about you .
Maybe , most of us have spent our childhood with our cousins and they were our best friends for ages .
Siblings are another strong point to support this statement .
It 's usual to hear that this kind of bond is the strongest inside a family , because everybody thinks that siblings are the only ones whom you could rely on , despite not always it 's true .
I should talk in the third person because I do n't have any brothers or sisters , but a close cousins .
In my case , this role is played by them .
On the other hand , we can find arguments against this statement .
For example , the debate about the statement that you can not choose your family , but your friends .
Thus , it fits perfect for those people who have a bad relation with their families .
They have to look for the needs provided by the family in other people with whom they can trust .
In conclusion , from my point of view , it 's true that is less probable to find negative feelings inside family , like envy , refuse or hate .
So , if you tell a secret to your sister or your cousin , it 's almost obvious that they are n't going to spread it .
Even , if you look for a good advice , some members of your family could help you from the heart .
But , family not always guarantees these functions neither friends .
However , friends can be as a family and fulfil all this functions , too .
Therefore , I only would like to remark that family not means relatives , but those people with whom you can feel as at home .
That is , in any place suddenly you can find someone who could become in your most close relative .
I decided to take one class of Liceo Oberdan to visit a Miramare harbor reserve .
It is a lovely place not far from our school , and I think it 's interesting in his natural habitat .
I decided to do this , in according to the biology teacher .
During this year she had explained the harbor world , in particular the world of Miramare , and I describe the same things under the geography aspects .
I was just a bit worried because in this class there are 28 students , but they are very respectful and clever .
We took the local bus and we arrived at ten in this place .
Here we found some very expert guides who takes us in a good touring along the park and the harbor reserve .
Every students were interested in the information and they asked a lot of explanations .
In this day the students had the oppportunity to hear very interesting things , but not as they were in a class during a traditional frontal lesson .
They had improved their knowledge making experience in the field .
I think that the students will not forget very soon what they have learned .
In recent years , whether using internet is beneficial or not has never failed to attract people 's attention .
While many people believe that internet brings a vast amount of problems such as reduction of interaction between people and some bad information resources ; in contrast , I have a strong position that internet brings manyfold benefit than drawbacks .
People should first recognize that searching information these days is much more convenient than in the past .
We must come to library to pay a lot of time finding information we need on the shelves the earlier time .
On the other hand , we can assess the information with only a click button nowadays .
Clearly , the assessment become much more efficiently with computer and internet .
Yet , perhaps the strongest argument in favor of using internet is that the vast amount of information contended in it .
All the information in the world can emerge immediately after a click .
Admittedly , some knowledge is not accurate and logical enough , it still offers us many other useful sources .
Simultaneously , some sources contended pornography and violent information which make many people afraid of using internet to search information .
Nevertheless , it remains a good way to reserve and supply information which hoped to have more flows in the future .
I think , one of the important historical places in Japan is the Kiyomizu temple in Kyoto .
It is well - known with a great beautiful Buddhist temple in Japan and it 's also famous among foreigner .
Kiyomizu temple was built in the middle of Edo era .
It has five stairs and one of the tallest historical building in Kyoto .
People can see a great Japanese view from there .
It is a great and famous sightseeing place and it also is an important place of Japanese culture .
Kiyomizu temple was used many times as a background of a lot of Japanese novels , paints and historical dramas .
Artists think the top of the temple is good for making beautiful , nervous mood of stories or paints .
Also , the temple became a Japanese proverb which is " feel like falling from the top of Kiyomizu " .
It means " very scared and nervous " because the temple is very tall and it makes people such a feeling .
Dear Mr Brown ,
I am sending you useful information about places of interest in Katowice , which you can show to your group .
I would recommend one of the most appealing scope , which is situated in really attractive part of my city .
Starting with The Blue Palace you can visit some other old buildings .
Hi !
How are you ?
Last weekend Fran celebrated his birthday in his conuntryhouse .
He invited all of his friends .
Many people were playing in a swimming pool when I arrived , and other people were eating Mexican food .
Everything was perfect and the weather was hot .
Next week I am going to prepare a similar party for my birthday .
It wo n't have a swimming pool but it will have a barbecue .
You are invited of course .
Dear Sir or Madam
I am writing in response to your advertisement which I was published in the local newspaper .
I would like to apply for a job at summer camp .
Currently I study Computer Science at Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznan .
I am energetic , creative and reliable person .
I have an experience of working with children .
I worked at at nursery school in London last summer , what led to improval of my English skills .
There I learned how to work with young children .
I am also very creative person , so I will not have any problems with organising activities and competitions for children . I am reliable person and I can work under pressure of time .
In addition , I am used to hard working , so I can also help in the kitchen .
I am willing to learn new skills and develop current , so I will surely be suitable candidate for this job .
I am enclosing my CV , where you can find more details about my experience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully
Piotr Sobczak
Dear Director ;
Hello , I saw the job application for the summer camp and I 'm really interested on working with you .
In the past , I have done many summer camps for kids in between 5 and 9 years old , so I already have a lot of experience in this kind of job .
I am conscious of the essential elements you need to be familiarized with when it comes to treat kids , such as , patience Charisma , kindness , empathy , etc ; and I would be delighted to be part of your team .
I really hope you consider me as a good option for the job .
I 'll be happy to receive your answer .
Sincerely ,
Regina
Hi Shannon !
It 's nice to hear about you , as soon as you arrived there are some secure options to you .
First of all , you can use a taxi and give the address you have to the driver , this is an expensive ( but easy ) option .
On the other hand you have the public service called Metrobus , in this case you will hop off the bus a few times , when you arrived you must find the A - line , go to the patriotismo starion ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to the # 76 of Acrone avenue .
If you love the extreme travels I recommend the Mexico 's city subway , it 's easy because there is a station in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Génova station ( it 's important to say that in the airport you have access of each one of the options )
If I were you I would choose the subway because wearher in Mexico is too hot , so , I think you do n't want to feel the sun after your bored trip .
If you need more information about it , please call me when you arrived .
Best wishes .
Omar .
In the last ten years , Brazil has created a wide range of governamental programmes .
Educational and medical assistance , as well as infraestructure improvements are some of the recent advancement .
One of the best examples in education has been a scholarship programme called Science Without Borders .
It offers students a unique opportunity to study abroad aquiring an international standard qualification .
In addition to this , it provides them with access to the newest research developments .
As a consequence of this investment , the state is contributing to the improvement in the career of Brazilian professionals .
On the other hand a problem could stem from the lack of incentives to the nationwide educational institutions .
This problem would be the low level of the national education .
Therefore , in order to avoid giving rise to any further complications , Brazilian authorities should bear in mind the development of both , national and international programmes .
As a result , the quality would be guaranteed .
Dear Sir / Madam :
I am writing because I recently see your advertisement and I am interested in it .
I am having some free months and I want to gain some money .
I am studying Civil Engineering and I am a very energetic person , and I think that this ability is essential for the job that you are searching .
Other important aspect it 's that I am a good organizer and I am a good team worker .
Another important reason is that I want to have somequiringe money for personal things .
For all the reason that I describe to you , I am sure that this summer good would be good for me , and for the Summer Camp .
I think that it is a really good option to achieve experience and for doing different and interesting things , like organise sport activities , and funny activities for children .
I leave here my personal contact information and wait for a positive answer from us .
Yours sincerely ,
Selene Porras .
Topic : A Horrible Nightmare
At the evening , my classmate phoned me and said , " There is an exciting film on TV now ! "
He did n't mention it is a horror movie .
When I watched until the middle of the film , it is scary .
But I could n't find the remote control , I could n't switch off the TV and I watched the whole film .
I went to bed and sleep .
A while later , I discovered I was in a huge old museum .
There were a lot of ancient things such as clocks , cars , weapons .
Then , some skeletons and dead people came out and chased me .
Fortunately , I got an old machine gun .
And shoot all down .
But I fell into a grave .
There was very dark .
I screamed my lungs out .
I woke up in surprise .
At last , my mother comforted me and gave me a glass of warm milk .
She told me not to watch horror movie again .
Dear all ,
I found your addvertisment in the newspaper and I am very interested in working in your summer camps .
I think I am the right person for you .
My name is Misa and I am 25 years old .
I am studying the Czech Agriculture University for the last year .
For several times I have already been on the similar position on a camp and looked after the children aged 8 - 12 .
I usually played games with them and talked to them for the whole days .
In the evenings we played special games which we usually had not played before yet .
Because I want to improve my language skills I want to go with you on a camp .
I heard that the children which attend your camps are from all over the world .
My biggest dream is to speak French fluently .
I am a very good hard worker and I do not have any problems with working in kitchens and preparing the meals for the children and my colleagues .
I am looking forward to your reply .
Kind regards .
Plan
1 ) tell to Alison that I 'm glad to help her .
2 ) explain which dishes Italians usually and what time of the day .
3 ) conclusion
Hi Alison , of course I 'll help you .
I think it 's very interesting discover how foreign people usually eat .
It is another way to discover one culture .
Italians to start the day generally they have a strong coffee and some biscuit or slide bread .
It 's typical eating pasta as a starter at lunch .
Which is cooked in different ways .
It is common having meat as a main course .
To finish the lunch in Italy we eat fruit .
In my country we have a dinner late as a habit .
It 's more common eat pizza .
We have it as take away or we go in some pizzeria .
I hope this information can be useful for you .
Take care
Maurizio
About me
Hello !
My name is Theodor Forsberg and I am 13 years old .
I live in Stocksund with my mom Anna - Karin and in Djursholm with my dad Lukas and my little brother Jonathan .
In my spare time I like to play hockey and be with friends .
I play hockey almost every day and I love it . I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half so I was not as good as everybody else but that did not stop me .
I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half so I was not as good as everybody else but that did not stop me .
I have played a lot of other sports like Karate , Soccer , Tennis and indoor bandy .
A lot of my close friends that I went in stocksund skolan and that I played hockey with went to Samskolan but that is a little bit too far away so I decided to go to Friberga instead .
I really like the school and it is going good so far .
I have always been really good at English .
And I think that I am that because I watch a lot of tv - shows on English
The thing I like the most about myself is probably my hair , legs , mouth and hands .
-THEODOR FORSBERG
Have you ever been worried when you do n't have enough time to study in the day ?
Or maybe you do n't have a study plan that works ?
Well here , there are some advice or ideas that have worked for me .
First of all , make a to - do list of all your activities and routines .
That 's the easy part .
Do n't forget to recognise the most activities and tasks for you .
It 's very important , because if you do n't do that , so it 'll never work .
You have to put a time to do your tasks .
For instance , when you stay at university class or something like that , you should remember how much time you have to do it .
Finally , it depends on that works for you , because you have to be constantly remembering the time that you do your tasks .
It was late night and Michael went surrounded with deep dark to the edge of the forest .
The visibility was very poor because the moon was hiding behind dark grey shadows , but Michael went on the memory .
Suddenly , a thumledown cottage emerged from the darkness .
Michael up two little steps and heard wail of the wind .
But it was n't the wind .
Someone was singing a sad song .
He felt a range and a fear of disclosure . " Why is she singing ?
Is she mad ?
The Nazis can be everywhere , " he thought and unlocked the door with a little key .
" Stop with the singing !
" he whispered , " someone can hear it . "
Then he calm down and took a little packet out of his pocket and put it on the floor .
There were two slices of a bread and a little apple inside the packet .
He was starving more then ever since he had hidden a young Jewish woman .
On the other hand , she was related to him by blood and how could he said No ! when she came and bagged him for help .
She said nothing and made herself invisible .
He entered decided that he will stay over the night .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
well since my chillhood I always love weapons , my father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was until I was 15 when I found my real passion , and it was the archery , since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that the archery is my favorite sport .
I just love when you take your bow and prepare to shoot an arrow , and before shooting it your are part of the bow , and you feel that the bow is a part of your body , after that , when you shoot the arrow you are able to see the curve that it makes before hitting the target , I would say this is why I love this sport and why I enjoy it so much .
if I would have the opportunity of giving some advice to a person that is starting in this sport , I would tell him to do not give up , because this ai nt an easy sport , and that is more mental than physical
I think that you made a great choice by visiting Timisoara .
One of the most beautiful place that you can visit in this town is The Latin - Catholic - Dom , located in Unirii Square .
I should present a little bit of history of it .
After more than seven hundred years , in 1733 , the latin - catholic bishops residence was moved from Cenad to Timisoara , where the first cathedral became the church of jesuists monks .
The design of the actual Dom was realized in baroque style of Vienna .
The cathedral hasa height of 55 m. The Dom was rise at rank of first church of Timisoara by the empress Maria Tereza in 1756.What is very interesting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger showing Saint Gheorghe riding and fighting with the basilisk .
The visitors programme is from Monday to Sunday , from ten o'clock a.m to six p.m. And a phone number where you can call for more information is 0040212345678 .
PEOPLE LIVES WILL CHANGE DRAMATICALLY IN THE NEXT 50 YEARS .
This essay discusses the advantages and disadvantages that we will find the next 50 years .
It will consider some relevant items which will be completely changed in the future , as well as arguing and explaining the pros and cons of everything .
First of all , one of the biggest changes in a medium term will be the transport .
Roads transport will die away as you know it nowadays .
Instead of it , imaginary road network will be built in our air space .
Furthermore , environment will suffer the terrible effects of current lifestyle .
Consequently , protected clothes , which will be made with materials and NASA technology , will be worn by future population .
This will be so because of the pollution , the radiation existent and the increase of global warning .
On the other hand , the benefits of healthy will be important .
In fact , the development of different vaccines would be possible to get over a great deal of diseases .
To sum up , it is vital that nowadays thinking of our future .
If we develop our different knowledge areas , we will achieve a better world .
It is high time we changed our lifestyle .
My idol was , is and will always be Justin Bieber .
I remember the first time that I saw his videos , I did n't write his last name correctly and I could n't find him on YouTube .
It started when I was 12 or 13 years old , his music meant everything to me .
He was always talking about follow your dreams and never give up .
In 2014 I met a couple from One Direction called Larry Stylinson but they ca n't " come out " because of his managers .
I admire them because no matter what their managers make them go through , they always find the way to show us how much they love each other and how much they want to be free .
I really hope this " hiatus " , this is how they called their break , they can be happy and spend time together without fake girlfriends , managers or the media around them .
I want them to be happy .
Anyway , talking about Justin again , I 'm so proud of him , 2016 is his year and no one can deny that .
Famous people live completely in a different way than unpopular people .
It is believed they are extraordinary , perfectly beautiful and incredible happy like we see their in magazines and TV .
Everybody longs to be a well - known and admired person leading rich and carefree life .
Unfortunately , truly it is n't so amazing like it seems to be .
There are a lot of disadvantages of being a star , of witch normal people do n't realised for example not having a private life .
There are a lot of various viewpoints and I would like to consider them .
Famous people haven't got private life .
Almost every their mystery come out and they are still judged , criticised or joked .
Journalilst and paparazzi constantly follow them and try to catch them in a stupid situation and enhance ath the cost of them .
Everybody makes mistakes , but their mistakes are wtitten and known by the society , what is unfair and harmful .
They deserve to have a normal life , have mysteries , a moment of peace without interest around them .
Being all the time in a centre of attention is incredibly overwhelming .
It can lead to being touchy and gloomy .
That is why a lot of big name suffer from depression or even try take their life .
On the other side , there is a price of celebrity and they should just reconcile themselves to this .
They got so lot compared with unpopular people , that 's why I think it would be unfair , if they have also private life .
People can not have everything and live like they want .
They ought to apprecciate what they have and stop complaining aboout their life , because there is plenty of people , who dream to be them .
Famous people have to consider how many humans suffer from famine or work very hard to earn their living .
They have not got expensive cars , detached houses , they ca n't afford travelling and their only entertainment is watching TV .
They should remember they are lucky devils not like they often think - victim .
To sum up , It is hard to simply claim , that famous people deserve have a private life and being left alone by paparazzi or not .
Everyone from time to time need a moment of peace to relaxed and recover their strength .
However , nobody has everything they dreamed ; it is normal , that always in our lives something would be annoy us .
Famous people have to notice , how much they have , apprecciate it and stop complaining about not having a private life , because it is not such a disaster like they often think .
Day by day , the power of consumption increases more and more and one of the areas you can realize this is in the traffic .
People who have facilities to buy or finance something and looking for convenience , have a great desire to buy a car .
The bad quality of public transportation and the lack of options like underground and train , helps people choose to use a car .
These things makes we think if the public transport has a future , after all to do all the things you need in your routine like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , is more comfortable by car than by bus .
Cars nowadays have technology that allow both drivers and passengers to have a better travel while listening to a music or use the internet without having to spend hours standing during the journey .
The government needs to invest in better conditions of the public transport , with more options to the transportation of citizens , in order to make it easier to go from a place to another , and hardest the decision to choose between car or bus .
Everything has two sides and the choice of transportation is not an exception .
People have been debated about whether private car or public transport is the first choice in recent years .
While reasons can be given to justify the latter , I am in favour of the former .
Firstly , travelling by train , metro or bus can lead to the reduction of gasoline consumption .
As a result , they offer low fee and play an important role in the environment protection .
It was reported that for one hundred kilometers running , each car was consumed ten to thirteen liters of gasoline , and released a certain proportion of air polutted .
Meanwhile , with the same amount of energy , bus carried fifties of people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with the massed transportation .
Secondly , it could not be denied that travelling by car is convenient , however people who agreed with the idea point out that high quality and modern public transport such as Shingasen in Japan or TGV in Europe are much more comfortable .
Trains or MRTs
can also satisfy passengers who could not travel by plane and require to take long haut jouneys .
There are some places in developing countries , for example in remote or highland areas , people have not seen a car for many years , they have no choice except old buses to travel .
In conclusion , public transportation is still the first choice of people in the future .
Nowadays higher education becomes more and more necessary for starting a good career .
Let 's consider the attitudes to education and study in Russia and Australia .
There are some similarities ; however , differences in the educational system cause differences in the attitudes to education .
University education is valuable in Australia , just like in Russia .
In general most of employers prefer applicants which achieved an academic degree .
This attitude is quite similar in many countries .
During our last English lesson we talked about the future for public transport .
It was not an easy task to figure out if there is a future or not .
The most important argument was that travelling by car is much more convenient .
The fact that you can travel anywhere at any time is undeniable .
If you want to buy some vegetables for your dinner you will have to wait until the next train arrives at your station .
Due to the fact that our lifestyle is getting faster , nobody will have the time .
So in the near future there will be no longer a use for public transport .
Michael was one of the greatest drivers of all time .
He started his career when he was sixteen years old through kart competitions .
After only three years he passed on Benetton formula one team and two years after he won his first driver championship .
After won another title he signed a contract with Ferrari team .
At that point his work become very hard and stressful because at that time Ferrari was n't a very good car in fact that car was only able to go fast in a straight circuits .
Michael showed up his strength and his attention to details working close days and nights with his engineers .
Three years later after intense work Michael restarted to put his feet on the podium .
In 2000 he won his third driver championship with Ferrari and also won it consecutively for three years .
Then Ferrari with Michael decided for a new collaboration , so the greatest become a test driver tried to improve the car out of the racers .
In the meantime his mind always thought at Mercedes because of his youngest dreams .
Like every German , since he was a young driver , dreamed being a driver championship with the national car .
To summarize he arranged a meeting with the head of Ferrari and the media press because he would like to announce his defenitively
retirement .
This unfortunately was only an excuse he was only pretending to retired as he already signed a contract to drive Mercedes .
At the end of the conference Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
So many people around me think that makes not any sense spending community taxes in public transport .
These persons usually give arguments such as that the public transport is never in time , or that is difficult to get your destination using it and without having to take 3 different routes or even that public transport is not as suitable for a made up short notice trip as can be a car in property .
In my opinion these arguments depend on how efficiently designed is the public transport system , having in count number of routes , timetables , cost of the tickets and facilities for users who use it frequently .
It 's quite well known the benefits that a good public transport system gives to the community : an important reduction of contaminant gases , a hight decrease of acoustic contamination as well as , as consequence of having less cars circulating by our streets , an increase of pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy activities such as walking , running or cycling .
All these benefits surely will contribute to a better future for all the habitants so let 's give a chance to the public transport .
My town is called Bra and it is a small town situated in Piedmont near Langhe .
The city began to take care of the environment only in the last ten years when the studies created technologies for not produce pollution .
In this area there are many fields where were built wind turbine for use the wind and creating electric energy .
In the roof of the supermarkets are situated solar panels and it exploit the sun for produce energy .
This means of renewable energy are better than the old methods because they do n't pollute .
All surfaces are used in the better way possible .
There are many green parks where you can do sport and other activity without pollution .
The cars are n't use more because there are many places where you can rent the bicycle and naturally it is free .
During the winter the means of transport is efficient and not very expensive so the people can do n't use their car .
The text discusses about some kinds of Asian Bamboo that have a unique form of flowering and seeding cycle , these cycles just happen at long intervals and all the members of the species tend to flower and then seed at the same time .
And if we consider the speech where the woman said that at the present this phenomenon is a problem because this bamboo is the main source of food to the Giant Panda that still lives in the jungle .
the Giant Panda is an endangered specie , the pandas have to survive to the hunters and the destruction of him habitat by the humans .
Besides , when the bamboos flowering and seeding they die , so until the new bamboos grow enough to be eaten by the pandas takes a long time and this fact forces the pandas to move to new places in order to look for food .
Therefore , the risks of the extinction to the Giant Pandas are real .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My name is Fabio Rendón and I am from Spain .
I am on the point of finishing my Engineer 's degree in Mining Engineering , specialization in Energy , at Vigo University .
I am currently carrying out my Final Project as well as preparing the First Certificate Exam , planned for July and June , respectively .
I would love to improve both my practical knowledge about renewable energies and my English level , and I firmly believe that the Erasmus internship programme could be the best option for me to achieve these targets .
Thus , the aim of this letter is to explore the possibility of realizing an internship in your company .
In this programme , the trainee carries out different tasks supervised by a company tutor and also advised by a university tutor .
The trainee receives a grant to help to cover subsistence cost , so the company is not required to pay him a salary .
Furthermore , as the programme is endorsed by European Union , the trainee disposes of accident and liabiliy insurance .
As for the duration , the internship can last from a minimum of 2 months up to 12 months , being 3 months the period covered by the subsistence grant .
I will be completely available to do the internship from next September on .
I can assure you that I will put all my effort into learning and making the most of my stay in your company .
I hope you will consider my application , and look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Fabio
Dear Jo , I do n't know if your is a good idea .
Now Italy has quite problem with the occupation , it 's very difficult to find a job and the most people find a job in supermarkets .
If you want to try , you can ask in some hotel : you are a native English speaker and you can welcome hosts at the reception .
I live in Valpolicella , a famous land for the wine , and I had already worked in a four stars hotel for high school .
IT was a good experience , the hotel has every comfort you can imagine : a reastaurant , a S.P.A. , a gym , indoor and outdoor swimmingpool , a beauty center and a church .
The personal were n't so much helpful , but someone luckily gave me some advice , especially the porter Artan .
He was amiable and liked Metal Music like me , so we always spoke about our favourite groups .
I do n't know if he still works there , but I 'm sure that you can find a great support in him .
Valpolicella has many location that worth to see : first of all Lake Garda , a lake with the famous phallic shape which divides three different regions ( Veneto , Trentino and Lombardy ) .
Orlando Duque , with the desire to come to the World cups of 2017
Colombian became the first diver to win a world cup in High - Jumps .
Orlando Duque //Red Bull
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , is the champion of high - jumps of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he is thinking about retirement even though he feels with force and desire to go to the World cup of 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
" I am thinking about retirement since 2007 . I have been lucky because I injured , I got better " , said Duque during the press conference of the World Series that this year will end up in Mexico on 17th and 18th October , after the competition of Bilbao ( Spain ) .
Duque , who was born in Cali on September 11th of 1974 , took a break in his career because an injury in his right leg in 2011 and after that , he returned in 2013 with the purpose of win the World Cup of Barcelona and the World Cup of FINA .
" I was 40 years three weeks ago , I feel motivated to train , while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I have no an exact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship of falls from height .
" Jumps have been my life , I have spent all my life in the jumps and it motivate me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duque when he pointed out that he still has several screws in his right ankle and he is still lacking recover completely .
" The event of the Natural Well of Ik Kil ( Yucatán ) of 2011 was the last one that I had before the accident ; now , I am getting over the accident and I feel at the 70 per cent " , explained the Colombian sportsman who noted down February , 2015 as the date to return .
The Colombian high - jumper presented in Mexico the one that will be the last stage of this series which is promoted by an energy drink in the Natural Well Ik Kil , in the Mexican state of Yucatán .
The Natural Well Ik Kil , which is located three kilometers away from the archeological zone of Chichén Itza , will be the final one of the Jumps season , 2014 and in that season Duque and the Mexican Jonathan Paredes will face each other in order to be between the top five spots of the season .
The Britain Gary Hunt already secured the prize of this series and from the second to the sixth place will be disputed with the Russian Artem Silchenko , the American Steven LoBue , the Colombian Duque , the Britain Blake Aldridge and the Mexican Paredes .
" The plan is to win this competition because I always compete to win .
I am located in the fourth place , but we are so close to the second to the fourth ( in points ) so , the idea is jump very well even though the Natural Well is a difficult because it is dark " , explained Duque about his plan for the event in the Ik kil on 17th and 18th October .
In the male test , the high - jumpers are thrown out into the water from a height of 27 meters in height , whereas in the female competition the launch pad is placed 20 meters away .
My favorite sport is running .
One may ask why among all those possible activities , this one was chosen .
Of course I do not count running indoors , but only outdoors , while the breeze is blowing in one 's face during the exercise .
That is what I call a good activity .
There is not exactly a good day for running , for even the rainy days are excellent for a good run .
If one has a sunny and windy weather , it is nice because the sun warms one up and the wind helps keep it fresh .
On the other hand , if it is rainy , the cold water cools it down and make one feel less tired during one 's time .
This is my favorite sport for it improves health in some many ways and boost the resistance and quality of life .
The first times may be hard , in that they require a preparation a sedentary person does not have .
There can be some pain and almost everybody becomes really exhausted at the beginning .
After the first trials , however , improvements are shortly noticed and the results come quickly : better breathing , uninterrupted and quiet sleep , and an unmistakable sense of well - being .
It even helps reducing your belly !
Despite being a common and easy to do activity , running needs some care to prevent injuries and other disturbances as well .
Efficient sweat expeller socks help one reduce the uncomfortability and keep one 's feet in a nice temperature .
Notwithstanding , a formidable pair of shoes makes a huge difference if one plans to keep practising the sport for a long period .
Go to a doctor , ask him to analyse the type of step to make up with an ideal footwear .
This way , there will be less trouble when practising the exercise .
I must say that , as a runner , I do not regret it at any time .
Everybody can do , it is practical and simple , and the goals can be set in accord with the person 's needs and restrictions .
Do not hesitate to go out and try it out !
Take that pair of snickers and go for it !
I always considered football as a piece of art .
Does not matter how hard the players tried to win , the only thing that matters is the result .
Players must be considered as a paintor working in a piece of art .
Only results will be recognized at the end .
It 's not the efford they have applied or all the hopes they had .
There expectations will be considered unuseful .
Poeple wo n't stare a paint at a museum thinking how hard the artist tried to do a good job , they will judge it only .
Do they like it or not .
The crowd in the stadium only wants their team to win .
After that , if they played a good game will be a plus .
Everything after a successful result will be a plus .
So if someone ever is woundering start practising this sport , they should be aware that lots of people will be expecting them to win .
I would recommend them always remember that , so if things do n't result as they expected , they wo n't feel disappointed .
It 's all part of the game .
We are people and all of us must have private life including celebrities .
There is a great number of politicians and film stars who are followed by paparazz who are trying to know more about their private life .
I agree that film stars and famous politicians must have their free time because they are working for people everyday .
They must have some free time to have a rest without being seen .
It is quiet hard to have a rest when journalists are trying to know some exciting things about your private life .
On the other hand famous politicians and film stars have chosen such life .
It is a part of their everyday life , they are used to be on public and they are used to say something about themselves on cameras , so all the people will know about their life .
There are some moments when celebrities need some time to be with their families and friends and journalists must not touch such moments .
Everybody must have free time for yourself .
Hey Jo !
How are you ?
Good to know from you .
You want to come to Spain ? You should !
There is a lot of things to visit here .
You could do a tour of all the cities of Spain ' cos every one has something special that you must see .
Starting for the top , like Bilbao or Asturias .
You could do that and then , finish it in Barcelona , were I live .
There I could be your tour guide and show you the best of the city .
Finally if you want to find a job for three months Barcelona is a good option to stay .
There are a lot of places where you could work for a short period of time . Beeing a witress or something like this is well paid and not so dificult to do .
Hope that you follow my ideas and you like Spain
See you soon !
Valeria
In the modern world , the company which has excellent stuff is more competitive , and these employees are usually motivated .
Therefore , good leaders should know how to motivate their staff .
It is clear that staff would spend more time on their tasks if they were motivated by their boss , while unmotivated employees are more likely to spend less effort in their jobs .
Generally speaking , there are two basic methods of employee motivation : rewards involving money and non - financial rewards .
Many leaders believe that money is the best , however , from my own perspective , the non - financial rewards are the best approach to motivate employees and I will prove my opinion in this essay .
I had never been very frightened until one day that something strange happened .
One night , I was talking with my sister about her last trip around Europe , her best friend , Michael , also was there .
My sister claimed that in her trip , she had seen completely astounded buildings , but while she was talking , we heard a very loud scream .
We did n't know what to do , so we only exchanged glances , then we decided to go out and see what had happened .
Outside was getting very cold and the sky was dark , so we could n't see anything but nevertheless we continue walking through the trees when suddenly we saw a very big shadow in front of us .
In that moment we started to run , except Michael .
When we got in the house , my sister and I realized that Michael was n't there .
We were very surprised and scared at the same time .
Ana and I decided to go outside to look for Michael , when we went out , he was in front of the house , doing strange sounds , when he saw us , smile to us in a malevolent way , then made us to back inside .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My favorite sport is basketball .
I have noumerous reasons why I choose this sport as my favorite .
One reason why I love this particular sport is because it 's based on cooperation .
For example , if you play basketball and the ball is passed regularly then your team is more likely to win because passes cause confusion and exhaustion to the opponent team .
My advice to anyone who is starting this sport is to simply have fun .
On the other hand if he chooses to play professionally then he must try hard .
Regular exercising is potentionall so that he / she can build up strength and endurance
To conclude , I hope my advice should be helpful to new starters of the sport .
One of my favourite restaurants is one located in a delightful town called Ubeda .
The whole town is gorgeous and you seem to be in another age of history .
The restaurant has a characteristic decoration indeed because you seem to be inside a train .
However , the most impressive thing is the game of flavours that explode inside your mouth .
My favourite one is a golden egg made of foie .
The connection between quality and price is plenty balanced .
In fact , there are always plenty of people every day so I recommend ordering at least one week before going .
I know from personal experience that it is worth tasting the gourmet sampling menu .
I really think it is suitable for the class because each one of us could know in advance how would pay to eat there and besides this could taste the main courses of this restaurant .
Without shadow of doubt I am absolutely sure this could be the best option for our class .
I'VE NEVER BEEN SO THRILLED
I 'm not a great fun of films based od fiction , unrealistic facts and events .
I have always preferred to relax during some series or soap opera , but after watching ' Flushed ' I change my point of view .
If you haven't seen it yet , after reading this short text you 'll go to the cinema if you only have a chance .
THE BIRTH OF NEW STAR
I guess that a name Ann Smith tells you nothing .
And that 's obvious because it 's the first serious production of this young , prospective director , whose ' Flushed " became a worldwide hit .
It is said that a well - known cast enabled her to be highly granted for her piece , but I have some doubts about it .
THE STRENGHT OF SPECIAL EFFECTS
And that 's why I find this move so excited .
An enormous amount of additional attractions for viewer provided me with unforgettable feelings .
Everything came us a surprise and you did n't expect that this or that action is just taking place .
The movie requires from us to be strongly concentrated on what is going on and I find it to be one of mostly conceiving factors for those who still have some objections .
The director gives a choice to broaden our mind and to come up with our own conclusion or maybe imaginable ending of the gripping story .
RECOMMENDATONS
For me there is no better movie to be presented in our club .
Taking into consideration our interest in the field of thrillers , under no cicumstances can we miss it !
The profile of millions of recent graduate and professional people in Spain is a young person , well prepared and without work who are thinking of going abroad as a good chance to get a job .
To work abroad can offer you a good opportunity , maybe it would never happens in your own country , instead .
Furthermore , as well known , salaries are higher in other European countries than in Spain , so your life conditions may increase the same as your career ladder .
On the other hand , going abroad without your family might be a really bad experience , because you may thoroughly miss them , maybe because you are not able to visit them as much as you can due to living far away from home .
The weather may be a disadvantage , as well .
For example , if you go to work to England you can see off the bright and sunny Spanish days and say a big welcome to the frightful English weather and depression .
To sum up , the disadvantages of going abroad are higher than the advantages , but every cloud has a silver lining .
Maybe , many people who have studied did it to get a job opportunity in their own country , but life is life .
All About me
Hi ! My name is Ester , I was born in Danderyd and
I have not moved since that .
I have got one sister , she is 15 years old and her name is Tina , she is also going in Fribergaskolan .
I also have a little rabbit which is named Frippe , he is so cute and cuddly .
But my dream is to own a horse because I love riding .
On
Fridays and Saturdays I go riding at the riding center
named " Djursholms ridskola " and at Sundays I often go
to my " carer horse " , it 's like your own horse for a day ( or more ) in the week and mine is Saturdays .
My carer horse is named Wiggins but he 's called Viggo .
Viggo is a black , quite small pony .
He 's a little bit lazy but loves to run fast , so he is lazy in a smart way .
I love him and I hope he loves me back .
When I was eight years old I visited Thailand , it was wonderful and we lived at a hotel so close to the beach , I could nearly touch the sand from the pool .
We rode on Asian elephants and dived in the water .
One day we were out to three different Islands in a diving- group .
One of the islands was a cave you had to swam into it , it was very beautiful .
When we were in Thailand we saw many different animals , everything from big leguans to rainbow fishes and deadly sea - snakes .
Every year at the sport - vaccination me , my mom and my sister are going to Switzerland to go skiing in the alps , it 's wonderful and really fun .
We have never seen a marmot but I so want to .
We have went to Champéry a couple of times .
In Champéry you can ski over to France , that is awesome .
We have also went to Verbier , I loved the cabin we slept in there .
It was very big but was cozy at the same time .
Three words that describe me best is perhaps , animal lover , happy and a perfectionist ?
It 's hard to say something like that about yourself .
A weakness I would like to eliminate is that I often think or say " I do that later " and never doing it or say the same thing when it 's time to do that .
That is really annoying for my mom and others .
I like food , especially Italian food , It is my favorite food to eat .
And of Italian food I like pizza ( thin with tuna ) or some delicious pasta the most .
My favorite restaurant is " La Piazza " in Djurholm and it is of course Italian , I have actually been in Italy twice , in Rome and Florence and in a small town named Lucignano in the countryside .
I think that 's my favorite country too .
When we were there last summer , I saw an endangered and rare bird which is called Hoopoe .
It was beautiful and had like a mohawk of orange feathers on its head .
I like to read too , my favorite type of books is horse books or just random books its hard to explain but I mean , books with daily action not sciene - fiction or romantic .
Some of the books I like is named only way is up and steal the show and is written by Emmy Abrahamson , I think she is a very well author , another author I like is John Boyne who has written the terrible thing that happened to Barnaby brocket .
Right now I read a book called " the maze runner " it is very exciting .
When I grow up I want to be a vet , it 's a dream come true for me , I hope I will go to other countries like Australia and job there as a vet for a couple of years . I have never been blood scared or something like that and I would love to have a job I think is fun lifetime out .
Another dream job for me would be an art - director .
I love to design presentations and edit things at the computer but also in real life like my room , clip - art and more .
Parkour is a discipline in which its main proporse is to train your body and mind to be able to pass through a point A to point B , in any kind of environment , the safest and faster way without causing no harm to your body .
Parkour was developed in Lisses , Frace , around the 1980 's .
One of the faundations used to develop Parkour was the Natural Method created by Georges Hébert .
Basicaly , the method is based in develop the main foundations of moviment of the human body , they are : swim , run , walk , jump , quadruped moviment , climb , lift things , balance and defend yourself .
Raimond Belle was a former Vietnam souldier and worked as a fireman in the French army .
He had a great background in gymnastics and , sice he was a teenage , he used to do a lot of exercises .
The roots of Parkour was developed by him and he taught some of Parkour thechniques to the fireman which he used to work with .
His son , David Belle , was taught some of the faundations of Parkour too .
David and a group of friends tried to adapt this techniques to the urban environment and then the actual Parkour was born .
Some people say that David criated Parkour but , in fact , his father develop all the idea of the discipline .
David adapted it to the urban environment and created new moves .
Parkour is n't just a physical discipline , there is also the philosofical part . Altruism , " be strong to be useful " ( it is actually a frase Natural Method ) , develop your body and mind so that in a dangerous situation you will be able to save yourself and other people and so on .
Therefore , is due to its philosofy and the joy that I fell before , during and after a train , this is why Parkour is my favorite exercise .
Nowadays our society has become very lazy due to the use of the car or the motorbike .
There are less people who use the public transport in the city because they prefer travelling by car rather than in public transport .
For this reason , the use of public transport is going down , and some experts say that there is no future for the public transport .
For lot of people , travel by your own car is more comfortable than travel by public transport like bus or metro , because you do not depend on a schedule , that it is very common when you take public transport .
Conversely , when you travel by your own car , you save a lot of time during the journey .
However , public transport has also advantages .
On the one hand , public transport affords you to waste money , because the price of the ticket is not very expensive .
On the other , travelling by metro or bus pollute less than going by car .
The reason is that when you use the car , you normally go on your own and when you travel by metro or car lot of people are travelling at the same time as you .
In my opinion , there are more people who travel by car every day , even for short journeys .
For me , people have become very lazy and they prefer the car rather than puiblic transport , because you can take the car when you want and go where you want whotout spending hours waiting for the bus .
The consequence of this is that in the near future the public transport will disappear .
The company ensures the quality of water from production to distribution .
The product will be registered with Ministry of Helath and SriLanka standerds Association and adhere their rules and regulatiuon for production , storing and distribution .
We will not compromise the quality of the production process or the product for any cost .
The company will ensure that , the low negative environmental impact due to the production process .
The company will set the retail price same as other bottled water products in market .
But we will give a good price to retailers and hotels to sell our products more in market .
The direct supplies to offices , households and hotels also will be given good price with the delivery service .
We will rent water dispensers with a maintenance services to required customers in future to attract more customers .
During the last century , our way of life has changed completely , even in villages .
For example , cars are the main kind of transport because of this most of the families have more than one in their houses .
However , changes always has a negative side .
According to the last studies , pollution increases this year in the biggest cities whereas it goes down in villages .
On the other hand , cities are more worried about how to recycle their rubbish than in villages .
To resolve this trouble , my village has created a plan to teach its population how important it is to take care of the environment and how to do it .
For this reason , we have new containers to separate all rubbish : we have to throw away bottles , cans and cartons into the yellow ; paper and cardboard go to the blue and there is another one for glass .
Food and other things are thrown into the green container .
The council also has put over one hundred bins around the village to keep clean our streets .
At the school , children are learning how to spend less water or electricity at home .
Turn off the lights when you do n't stay in a room or do not waste water while you are brushing your teeth are some of advice .
I hope these simple actions can be used for other people because the environment needs that we work together for a better world .
Let me introduce our city curiosity .
Our town is often connected with Tomáš Baťa .
He made our town well known and he had a shoe factory built here .
Name of the factory is Baťa .
How interesting !
Anyway , he built a skyscraper , which is called 21 .
And what is inside that building ?
There are some offices .
But that 's not the most interesting thing !
Tomáš Baťa had own office , but do you know what is a little bit strange ?
His office is built as a lift !
But that 's great !
He had to control his employees and this way did n't take him so much time .
But that 's not all ...
When you get on the last floor , there 's a large terrace and cafe .
You can see a beautiful panorama of our town .
It 's an unforgettable experience .
You can offer a delicious coffee , tea or cake and you can watch the beauty .
It may not be your cup of tea , but I think it 's the most interesting and beautiful place in our town . I 'm looking forward to see you !
When visiting Copenhagen during summer time there is a huge variety of shops and restaurants that will give you a sense of the Copenhagen lifestyle .
Start your day by joining the many joggers along the city lakes , there is a small cafe , " Kaffe Salonen " , where you can grab a coffee to - go and enjoy the morning sun on one of the many benches looking out on to the lakes and many birds .
Afterwards , take the bridge over the lakes and enjoy a full day of shopping .
Lining the streets are small second - hand shops , cafes , markets and boutiques that are daily visited by the local people .
If you get tired of wondering the streets then you can always enter the big shopping store Magasin for more indoor shopping .
The shops close at around six and eight o'clock in the evening .
When you are tired of shopping take the bus to the West Side of Copenhagen where there is a vast choice of restaurants , everything from Italian to Chinese to Danish cuisine .
If you like an evening stroll or a night out , walk through Istedgade for a glimpse of the old Copenhagen and the nightlife is offers .
Do we need fashion ?
Fashion , a popular topic .
We all wear clothes , do we ?
And most people think about what they wear , although some do n't care about there clothing .
What happens when we all just have to wear the same clothes ?
Do we really need fashion ?
I talked about this topic with a few other students and asked them what there opinion is .
In the following paragraphs I 'll tell you what they told me .
The first question we discussed was : ' Does it exist just to make money for clothing designers and manufactures ? '
Their opinios first varied a bit here .
An argument some called was:'In case we remove this whole industry , then there would be an humangous group of peoole unemployed , and that would be a problem . '
The others answered on this with the question : ' When does a company starts making something , just because they want something to do ? '
This question made the other group doubt a bit , they did agree that a company does n't just start making something to have something to do .
This made them all agree that fashion is there for a reason , and not only for money .
Next question we talked about the following question:'Does it have too much effect on models ? ' They did n't have to think about their opinion , they all directly said ' Yes ' .
They told that if you wanted to be a model , you had to fit in a size of clothing which is really small .
There is immense group of girls who really want to be a model , caused by the fact that they do n't fit in this clothing yet they have to lose weight .
Much girls are losing too much weight right then because they want to be ' perfect ' and got anorexia and those things .
The following question which we talked about was:'Does it have too much influence on young people ? '
Here they all directly responded with a ' yes ' too .
In their opinion young people , also themselves , were very busy with fashion and clothes .
An example on which they all agreed was:'In case you just met your new class , and you had to choose next to who you had to sit the most people were going to sit next to the girl or boy with the trendy clothes ' .
Some said that it even happened that people just bought a particular kind of clothing , just because they thought they would have more friends then .
The next question was:'Does it make society materialistic and competitive ?
The students were a bit doubting but agreed on the fact that people who have stylish clothes are usually the most popular .
And there 're a lot of people who want to be popular , so they are going to buy trendy clothing .
The last and probably the most difficult question we discussed was:'Does it affect the way you dress and the kinds of clothes you buy ? '
They all said it kind of did affect however they also bought clothes they liked .
I asked them the question:'If you liked a piece of clothing but your friends did n't , would you then have bought it ? '
They all said yes , but with a little doubt .
So , we do kind of need fashion .
But where do we decide on which clothes we wear ?
And do you have to like your clothes or someone else ?
Maybe we should keep in mind that we should wear clothes in which we feel okay .
It was a lovely and sunny day .
I was gardening since the beginning of the morning , when the postman arrived .
At that moment , my dog was kidding with a ball that was small and green .
The postman took the letter from his bag , and then , gave me the letter .
I was so surprised !
I was not expect any letter .
Suddenly , I felt so nervous and I did not know why .
That letter has changed my whole life .
I totally do not agree with the statement that there is no future for public transportation because of car existences .
General public are using the public transportation more than before .
students who are not allowed to drive still using the public transportation and they will always do .
Moreover , the traffics on areas such as down town enforced people to use the public transportation as train , since the trains are faster .
Insurances are so expensive in north America , most of householder are not using the car because of insurance , and also because of adding cost as fixing the cars , changing car oils and etc .
Furthermore , Government are enhancing the public transportation by services they are providing with lower cost . the fair for raid in public transportation are more less than the cost of driving the car at the same distance .
Finally , none will argue that the benefit of using cars over public transportation , but that does not excluded the public transportation .
Hi Paul ,
how are you ? I hope that everything is all right .
I am writing as I promised .
The concert was great !
The best I 've ever been to .
Although I was watching it from backstage , the atmosphere was the same as I 'd have been watching it in front of the stage together with other fans .
There is a lot of work during the concert preparation .
We had to check if everything is correct : sound , light , special effects .
Besides , we have to watch if the band have everything that they need : something to eat and to drink , I was responsible for it .
It was the hardest thing !
I had to satisfy all of whims of the stars .
It was an unforgettable experience . I will never forget it .
The opportunity to meet your idols in real was the most exciting .
I will tell you everything when we meet !
Hugs and kisses ,
Ania
CLAIM
Attachment we return you back text of the doctoral thesis of , directed by Dr. , requesting you to fill out the detailed report of evaluation , also enclosed .
We explicitly point out that this report is compulsory to proceed with the necessary arrangements for the deposit of the thesis .
If you have any incident on receipt of it , we kindly ask you to inform us , to put it in order as soon as possible .
Yours Sincerely
Vacation is what we have waited for three long months of hard studies , homework , tests and more .
Even though we have finished the term exams , they have just given us a week free .
I did not do everything I wanted because I was forced by my parents to go to Boquete .
The day we finished our last exam , I was not sure what to do . First a friend was not talking to me , because someone told her a lie , so we went to yogen fruz to talk , then I went to the gym and walked to Gabo 's house and then Dani 's .
From there we went to the mall and for last to Juanca 's house .
Friday , I spent the day with my mom and later I went to a friend 's house with Juanca , Oliver , and others .
Saturday I helped a friend with his party and made 64 dollars .
Sunday I went to the mall with the same people .
The group is named Hogwarts
From Monday till Friday I was in .
Boquete where I did nothing and Saturday I came back .
That night I went to Oz with my friends till 2 in the morning .
The last day I went to Nashla 's pool and ordered 50 chicken wings .
I did not do much
The summary of my vacations is that the time I spent with friends I had a good time but when I was with my family y got bored .
I do n't know if you remember the Nastaran thing .
But the same as I thought you 'd never love me for much long time , if you could ever do it , I always thought that Nastaran would be the girl of my life , if there were any .
But I lost her after a little kiss from the cheek in the first date .
Of course after that I never thought that I ever had the chance .
But once one of her friends told me that before the kiss , everything was to be ok .
And I believed her .
And since then it 's the most pain .
I know it may seem as a meanness of her .
But it was n't .
Tonight she got the admission from Harvard .
Since I have a specific feeling by now , I thought of sharing it with you .
I miss sharing things with you .
And I used the English 'cause it would be more spoiled in Farsi .
Belarus is not a popular tourist destination nowadays but a lot of people would be surprised to find real medieval atmosphere in Grodno , a western city of the country .
Founded in the 12th century , it came through all important events of Eastern Europe history , from Tatar invasions till the World War II which was a real disaster .
Two ancient castles remind us of the times of kings and nobility , quiet pedestrian streets show us the life as it could be in the 1800s .
Grodno is situated on the crossroads of great trading ways that 's why one could hear Polish , Jewish , German , Lithuanian there .
Its multiethnic population was the reason to organise and held the Festival of national cultures every two years .
It 's worth visiting because traditions of the ancient Belarusian , Tatar , Russian , Jewish shown alive make us feel history itself .
City of different religions , different nationalities and " talking stones " is waiting for you .
REPORT ON SHOPPING FACILITIES IN MY TOWN
The reason Lagos remains a mega city is because of its abundant tourist centers .
The beautiful seaside and natural games reserve or Zoo makes it very attractive to tourist visitors .
A pleasurable tourism is not complete without a fascinating shopping center that has several facilities .
ATTRIBUTES OF SHOPPING FACILITIES
There are lots of shopping centers in my town with their own unique characteristics .
These include facilities like ample vehicle parking lots with very low charges or almost free of charge , elevator systems to access any area of the shopping malls in the case of carrying very heavy loads of purchases and relaxation spots like Cinemas and gaming centers for kids .
In addition , most shopping malls do have enough space for their customers to move around without getting any clustering of people ; as this is a statutory requirement to building a shopping mall .
SHOPPING RECOMMENDATIONS
As a matter of fact , Shop - rite is one of the best place in my opinion , that I would advise people to visit .
It products are more international and they offer a lot of discounts to tourist visitors .
Besides , this shop is not too far from the known natural games reserve in Lekki area of Lagos .
Another shopping center is the magnificent Lagos Island market .
This is where you would find several shops that sell most African traditional artifact .
I will rather advice tourist to pay this market a visit to enable them have choices of priceless products .
CONCLUSION
I hope from the explanations , I have been able to convince you with respect to my opinion about the shopping centers in my town and their possible facilities that abounds as you take your time in considering visiting them .
In developed countries , four wheels gain high appreciation in everyday transportation .
In capital cities of Europe one can easily notice how many people prefer their own means instead of the pushing crowd of public transportation .
It is however well known after a plethora of scientific publications that cars harm the environment dramatically .
On the other hand , modern citizens like to be part of green revolution and carbon footprint has an effect in everyday decision making .
Many organizations and public authorities encourage workers to use public means of transport to and from the job place in order to minimize greenhouse gases emissions and save natural resources .
As a result , before private transportation reaches its pick for 21st century , it is more probably green mobility overlaps it and dominates in people choice .
There is great future for public transport , same for bicycling and on foot travelling instead of cars and other polluting machines .
Dear Harry ,
I have just received your letter .
I 'm pretty excited to be in London from the 11th .
I 'm arriving at the train station in the morning at 6 o'clock .
Do n't be afraid not to recognise me because I haven't changed a lot in two years , but for your confidence I will be with a bright orange suitcase .
I 'm waiting for meeting with your family and in this case that we will be staying with Eileen , I want to bring her something .
What can it be ?
I would like to visit Big Ben Tower and many other places that you will propose , but I do n't really want to see common tourist sights , so if you could show me something that not everyone can find , I would appreciate that .
Write to me as soon as possible .
Yours ,
Ann .
Best places to young people visit in New York ?
I am doubtless it is an easy task : here you can visit many entertaining facilities , where you can find technology or culture , for example , and there are also many places to eat , dance , etc .
The Statue of Liberty is by far the most famous building at the city .
The great view it provides is incredible .
The Times Square is a good site for buying too , although the excessive quantity of advertisement is a little bit annoying .
Finally , the Metropolitan Museum of Art is a good place for people who like history , antropology and viewing a lot of types of arts .
Talking about places to eat or dance , near the Grand Station you can find the ' Num Pang ' , a good place to eat sandwich .
Remarkably , teenagers like eating this and it is where you can find one of the best .
Around the Central Park , there is one of my favourite bakery : '
The Bouchon ' .
Many types of candy and cakes can be found there .
If you need more information , please tell me .
Have a good travel !
I utterly agree with the statement : travelling by car is much more convenient , because you can go wherever you want without waiting for a bus or train at a bus stop or station .
I think that travelling by car is also more inner and comfortable because you only travel with people you know .
Talking about money probably car is more convenient , even if you have to pay for fuel , highway and everything that is necessary to the maintenance of the car .
As a result , if you use public transport , you have to pay an expensive subscription and different tickets .
There is no future for public transport because buses and trains are broken and dirty and people prefer to avoid them .
So people prefer travelling with their own means of transport instead of paying to travel in a terrible way .
On the other hand , if we do n't use public transport and every person use a car , pollution will increase a lot .
We can also say that with cars you have to find a parking , so you can waste time and sometimes pay for that .
Eventually we should use public transport to reduce pollution , but they have to be more checked and repaired .
I agree with the statement , fmous people deserve to have a private life without life jouralists following them all the time .
Fame is a choice of many people , it was their dream .
But it does n't mean they haven't got some rights to have private life .
Many of them have got family members , who do n't want to have anything in common with fame .
Usually journalists also following them all the time .
It 's very important to remember if you 're famous , you should protect your family .
Sometimes happens , that journalists write some silly gosspis about famous people , which are not true .
It may be a danger for family of a celebrity , politician , famous person , because of them some could broke up .
But on the other hand , being famous is a free choice for many people .
They want to be rich and famous and they know , that journalist will be follow them .
But sometimes it does n't depend on us .
If you 're a queen , member of royal family , from your birth you 'll be observing by press and magazines .
It 's a price of being famous .
Altought it does n't mean , that press should write about privacy .
Public activity is one of the most important thing .
In my opinion , the television has an important role in the society because it can influence in people 's life .
I mean people watch television to entertain themselves but others maybe watch it to learn a new language with different programs that television offers or just put subtitles to make it simple .
A lot of important news can be shown to people around the world by TV .
It 's important to know what it 's happening in the world because it can enrich your knowledge culturally , politically , etc .
Besides you need to know if a conflict is developing at the moment or if many severe situations are being occurred in your country .
Children learn a lot of things with cartoons , it can help them to improve the speaking and to know new vocabulary .
The television is one of the most important media .
So , for that reason I think television can entertain and also educate .
I 'd like to add that television can be the refuge of a person if it 's sad or the break of someone 's on its free time .
Watching TV can be funny and nice but watching it in excess can be bad and not healthy for your life .
I always believe I can become an engineer and computer technician to invent more things since I was small .
After I receive more and more information about some successful engineer and inventor such as Steve Jobs , I realize that no matter who you are and how smart you are , you can not live without a healthy body .
Consequently , I believe physical development is the necessity in secondary school life and I was so grateful for providing me opportunities of extra - curricular activities .
I like the feeling of getting sweat and a great passion in swimming .
Therefore , to maintain my body healthy and my interest , I keep on joining the School Aquathon since I was secondary one . I participated the same events each year .
It allows me know my body state and whether I have relapsed .
Besides it gave me a motion to train harder and never have a thinking of giving up that I need to keep my swimming training every year and reminds me of the importance of a healthy body .
Also , under the harsh training , it trains my willpower and setting goal .
I learnt setting a proper goal as it is a significant factor to success .
This goal push me forward to do better and better each time .
I realized that you will make a concession if you do not improve after take part in School Aquathon and saw others got improved but not just me .
I reckon learning and trying more kinds of things can change my school life to become more colorful .
School work and examinations gave me huge pressure so I found a way to strike a balance that I learnt playing windsurfing .
In my eyes , windsurfing is special and indispensable to me .
When I step on the surfing board , all my vexation and misgiving were gone .
Under the recommendation of my instructor , I joined the Joint school windsurfing competition .
On that day I found something wrong with my position on the result board . I was shocked and decided protest for the wrongdoings of the race committee .
After several meetings , I got my position back and I have learnt that we should believe ourselves .
Also I got trained my body and become more healthy .
The hottest issue nowadays is the global warming .
Therefore I paid more attention at global warming and ways to deal with it .
It is part of my dream that I wish I can have an invention to solve the problem in the future .
To know more information having a green lifestyle , I participated in the Green & Organic Health Run 2013 .
Also , I learnt communication skills with friends .
One of the purpose of this event is to encourage running to have a healthy lifestyle , so I got a better physical development .
To have more different experience , I have joined the " Dialogue in the dark " experiential exhibition .
In the total dark environment , I experience the feeling of the visually disabled and the difficulties of their livings .
After undergo this experience , I can totally understand their needs and I got my new goal of helping them in the future .
I get a greater passions in engineering so as to create some device to help them to have a more comfortable life .
Also I have learnt the communication skills with others and be considerate .
Under the colorful school life , I undergo different type of experience and I finally set my career goal to become an engineer or a computer technician .
I think it is not a good engineer who only got skills of engineering .
Therefore I reckon my experience can trained me to be admitted as a suitable candidate of engineering and I will work hard to achieve my goal .
People differ from each other and everyone have various professions .
Being a politician or a filmstar has something in common : those people are famous .
And , as a draback of being acelebrity , they are followed by papparazzi almost everywhere .
But do n't they deserve to have more private life ?
I think that journalists should remember about the private life of famous people which is deserved to stay in secret for other people .
There are a lot of cases known when journalists would make it difficult for a celebrity to leave some place because there were so many of those journalists .
And for some people it does n't really matter if it was found out that someone was in a bar for example as long as their films are really worth watching .
Besides , being foollowed by unknown people ought to be quite a scary experience .
Some people would say that it 's necessary for usual people to know how the politician lives so they could know if he should be trusted .
That 's for sure an important thing to know for voters .
But as for film stars , is it really necessary to know how exactly they live ?
Dear principle ,
I am writing to join English course in your school to improve my English and help me to find my job .
I have been learning English for 10 years .
In school my first language was English .
I can speak English good but not fluently .
my listening is goood and I can understand .
I do lots of grammatical mistake when I am speaking and writing .
I like to read books and travelling to different countries and knowing there culture .
I have two kids they go to school , I would like to join English course in the morning from 10 am to 2 pm of anyweekdays . I want to start the course as soon as possible .
I look forward to hearning from you very soon , if you have any question you can mail or contact me .
Thank you ,
Yours Sincerely ,
irf
It is a fact that the public is getting worse year by year specially here in Peru , however we have to think about the benefits that public transport has , for instance it can be a cost - effective way to get to work , so there will be no space for public transport in the future ?
Hundreds of people take buses at any time , one of the main reason for this is that they have not got their own car .
As a result , not only is public transport the option they have , but it is also the only one .
It 's known that over the years the system have improved and new means of transport have been offered such as trains and trolleys all of them with just one objective to transport a mass of people at a quick time .
On the other hand the number people who can afford a car and the cost that it involves have gone up over the last few years and one of the main reasons they have it because of the comfort , also they claim that they can get their work faster than public transport .
Michael sat in the bus and take out his dairy to calculate how much he have to invest in the tennis court .
A girl came and sat in the seat next to him .
She asked him when the bus is going to depart but Michael replied that he was also not aware of the departure time .
The bus starts after half an hour and Michael start talking with his parents over the phone and discussed his business .
The strange girl who was sitting next to him was listening to music and looking outside trying to ignore the details that Michael was sharing with his parents .
It was a 13 hour journey and the girl wanted to talk with Michael and so she offered chips but he denied .
After some time the bus stopped for 5 min and Michael bought two chocolates , chips and a soft drink and offered her a chocolate .
The girl accepted the chocolate with a smile and asked him where he was going ?
This is how they start their conversation and while exchanging conversation , they felt as if they know each other for a long time ... they got attracted towards each other and in the midst of that they kissed each other and even exchanged phone numbers .
Their bus was about to reach their destination next morning so Michael offered her to drop at home and the girl agreed with a smile .
At that time they felt not like parting but they have to and Michael dropped her home and returned back to his own home .
After returning home , Michael flash backed what he did in the bus .
Michael took a deep breath and look at the entrance door that was still open .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Sir :
I am writing with regard to an advertisement that appeared in the local newspaper recently .
This advertisement requeste a group of young people to work in summer camps all over the USA .
First of all , my name is Lorena and I have twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I can improve my English level and earn money ; my English level is so good due to all this year I have been in English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate ; and just like that I will be able to communicate with children .
Secondly , last year I stayed in a beach summer camp and there were children aged 6 - 13 , besides my partner and I prepared water activities when the weather was good , against ; when the weather was bad we prepared puzzles games , adventure games , etc .
The advertisement talks about work in the kitchens ; our summer camp was little because it was in a small town so we had to cook children food and I could do it without problems .
I look forward to hearing your response .
Yours faithfully .
Lorena .
Michale will never forget the day as long as he lived .
It was on Saturday morning around 10.30 .
He went to the church on that day .
It was the Seventh day Adventist church which the ritual was to worship on Saturday .
He was there not because he was a Christian , but his presence was because of a girl he had a crush on .
Honestly , as eight years old boy who knows Christianity close to nothing , his knowledge of Christianity was lower than a 3 year - old child .
Anxiousness got the better of him as he prepare himself to enter the sanctuary .
In his mind , the only reason I was there was just to see the girl he had my crush on and to know some of her church friends .
The boy had to push himself and break the ice as the time went by .
Uhhh , I am starting to get lazy .
WHATTTT I MISSPELLED MICHAEL!!Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transport means travelling around the world and cities by using trains , buses , taxi , airplanes etc .
Some years ago people believed that private cars would be the main vehicle to move around but nowadays , due to economic crisis , most of the people have changed their minds ; they believe that public transport would be the main way to move around in the future for many reasons .
First of all , travelling by cars is more expensive than travelling by public transport ; cars should pay for gas , insurance , repairing , environmnet fees etc ; travelling by public transport is more ecological and cheaper .
Secondly , people who use public transport are safer than others who use private cars ; if they drink more than usual and drive their cars ; there are a lot car accidents due to drivers are drunk .
Finally , the traffic jam is much less if people use public transport than using private cars ; the developed countries have built a public transport system so to avoid traffic jam , why people not using it ?
In conclusion , public transport will not be affected by using private cars .
I strongly believe that in the near future public transport will be the main vehicle to travel around the world , safe and cheap .
Michael had just woken up , he felt a Little bit thirsty so he went to the kitchen for fresh water .
He saw his brother watching TV as usual .
As he could n't sleep anymore he dressed up and brought his brother to the park .
His mother would be probably working , she was a realtor and would be selling a house .
It was a windy day so they kept their jackets and scarf .
When Michael and his little brother , Jackson , arrived at the park , noticed that there was n't anybody around .
The park was sealed by a green tape which said " danger zone keep away " .
Suddenly two people dressed as astronauts were leaving the park and advertised to the young boys to go to their house and wait until these unfortunately event was over .
Tom and Jack were curious about what had happened but they did n't know from were to take answers .
While they were walking back home they heard a journalist commenting what incident have happened to the park .
The only thing they could clearly heard was : - But this can only be caused by the contamination , although these windy day hasn't helped .
Jackson stopped walking and get distracted by a beautiful dog , Michael continued on his way unaware Jackson was n't following him .
Almost arriving at home and mulling over the thoughts take his own conclusions to what could might have happened .
And wanted to share them with jack but ...
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Well , I think what this guy is trying to say is that it does n't matter if you have thousands of friends on Facebook if you do n't even know half of them .
What I think it 's stupid is that most people use to hide their faces from behind the screen and no one wants to appreciate a sunny day anymore !
What I disagree about this video is because he is generalizing too much .
I think it is cool to have a social network , and there is nothing wrong to let kids enjoy the technology that became part of our generation .
However , they must be controlled and especially by their parents .
I believe the old values should have been taught for children in schools .
The thing nowadays is , if you disconnect from all of the things we have , people make fun of you and say that you are old or just do n't know how to deal with the modern world .
Well , it is possible actually , just like we did in the 1990s .
I 've experienced this , so that 's why I am saying .
The internet has caused me depression once , I felt really alone and I used to be someone who I was n't in the real life , but I learned how to deal with it .
I am afraid more people pass through for the same thing
Some people like shopping .
Some people love shopping and some people can not live without shopping .
I Am from the first type of people .
I like shopping .
I care about fashion a little bit , so sometimes I go on a shopping spree and I spend a lot of money in some clothes shop .
But somebody has to go with me , because it would be boring with nobody .
Shopping with someone would be great .
After that , we can go at cafe and take some good coffee .
A lot of brands are generally good .
Some of brands are excellent and really cool in my city .
For example H&M. It is brilliant shop .
There are all of styles of clothes .
Sportswear , elegant clothes and of course accessories .
Everyone can find right his styles , so I recommend it .
In the summer time , Milan offers a variety of facilities and services , especially for young people .
Visiting the centre of the city is really fascinating : Piazza del Duomo is one of the most suggestive squares in Italy with the particularity of the white marble facade of the Dome and his multitude of pinnacles .
The surroundings are dedicated to the fashion : you can find the most important shops for whom Milan is known in the whole world .
In the same area , people often have the chance to attend free concerts of Italian singers and some foreign artists .
The Sforzesco Castle is another suggestive historic monument and the green Sempione park is one of the best place where people can practise sport or can attend a yoga class in the middle of the wildlife .
Finally people can experiment the Milanese nightlife in the area of the Navigli , which are really crowded from 19 till late .
Here you can experience the typical Milanese aperitif , during which you can have a cocktail while eating whatever you want and you can get to know many young people .
Thriller name : Killer shadow
The review :
Jack Pollard a street fighter known as Crazy dog lives downtown LA .
He has enemies who want to kill him .
One night when he is walking aimlessly in a privacy alley he sees a shadow which gradually comes to him .
At first he does n't care but suddenly sees it in front , an owner - less shadow .
He turns his head around to find the source of shadow but ca n't find anything so he feels fear but controls himself and yells : who are you ?
Hey if it 's a kidding , stop it , it 's not funny .
Suddenly , shadow covers him and crazy dog falls on the ground and dies .
The police announced checkout is the murder motivation .
A detective named James Reilly wants to find out the reason for murder and to arrest murderer .
He realizes crazy dog killed an innocent man named Joe Mendez last year but his body was not found .
In Mendez house in the suburb , Reilly found some old photos showing the sequel of criminals .
They all were tortured viciously before death .
It was around 9 PM when Reilly was there .
Suddenly he hears a weak voice whispering ; do not try to stop the shadow , let it kill the criminals or you 'll die .
He checks everywhere but ca n't find anyone .
He sees a shadow out of the house and follows it until it stands at the end of graveyard .
He goes there and sees a pile of garbage quickly brushes aside it and observes a hole in the ground .
He goes inside it and discovers a half decayed body that was compatible with Mendez identities .
He understands that the shadow was ghost of Mendez who wanted to take revenge on Mendez 's murderer .
I think this thriller is exciting because it shows a ghost with killing ability .
I think since this idea is creative people will like to watch it .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She knew what does that it meant , Jason was alive .
She kwew that he will be staying away for so long but she will wait .
She loves him and any World War was able to separe them , because she was pregnant and this baby was coming , it was a boy and his name was going to be Taylor just like Jasons ' father .
Alison took a pen and a piece of paper and wrote an answer for Jason , as fast as she could because the postman was leaving in one hour .
She was so excited and happy , she did n't kwen what could she write for her lover , she noticed that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you , i 'm pregnant , it 's a boy , if you let me his name will be Taylor as your fathers ' name , I have always loved you and I always will , do your best , come back as soon as you can because I need you , love Alison ' .
She could n't stop smiling because she had just noticed that she would n't be alone anymore
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in Pamplona , and to outline some recommending shops that might appeal tourists with different interests .
Shopping Facilities
As might have been expected , a main city as Pamplona is well equipped to deal with a large number of tourist and residents going shopping .
Within the town centre itself there is a wide selection of stores offering local crafts , fashion clothing , food or wine .
In addition , several car parks have space for 2000 automobiles and are conveniently located on the centre with easy access and cheap rates .
There is also an extensive local bus network in order to provide services to all the suburbs around the city .
Special shops
Although most tourists come to Pamplona for the famous festival of " Bulls Running on the street " , many become passionite about the cuisine of Navarra . As a result , a few shops such as " LA VINOTECA " and " DELICIUS " have dedicated to selling selected top wines and typical food .
Both shops are located in " Castillo Square " and their staff speak English .
Moreover , a store known as " KUXUMUSU " offers all kinds of bulls - related souvenirs and genuine pieces that explain the Basque Country 's culture .
Recommendations for tourists
I would strongly recommend that any tourist , no matter about their interest , should visit the special shops aforementioned .
There is little doutbt that they will not only find original products , but will also enrich their minds .
Famous people should realize that if they try to gain famous all the time and waste their time on it , they will not have their own private life .
But they are surprised .
In my opinion , celebrities should remember that if they want to be famous they , probably , will be chased by paparazzi .
On the other hand , they are still normal peolple , who have families , partners and friends and they sometimes want to have a few private minutes , without cameras , media , newspapers , flashes and spotlights .
Probably , they want to go on holidays without recognise by other people , without giving autographs and taking photos .
Moreover , from time to time they prefer to leave house without make up and beautiful clothes .
Wahat is more , I am sure , that most of them do it on purpose because their main aim is the famuos .
And celebrities well know that they have to be controversial cause that is the best way to achieve their lovely famous .
So big names try to go somewhere without guards , without make ups to show themselves to cause some juicy gossip about them to gain famous in the easiest way .
To sum up , famous is ambivalent and people who want to be famous should realize it before become a star .
Dear Sir ,
I 'd like to apply for the position in your summer camp .
I found the advertisement on you website and I 'm sure that I 'm the person you are looking for .
Although I 'm Italian native speaking , I 've been studying English for seven years ; furthermore last summer I spent two months in Philadelphia so I can communicate quite well in your language .
I 'm really cheerful and hardworking , and I have good marks at sport .
I link a page of my school magazine where you can find my CV .
In addition to that , I love children and I usually look after four children , aged from seven to eleven , every Saturday .
As I enjoy cooking , I 'm suitable also for the work in the kitchens .
I have saved some money to pay the air fare .
I live in Italy , so I ca n't easily meet you for the interview , but I hope we could manage for an interview on skype in the next days .
I 'm available every aftenoon from 5 to 8 p.m. , while in the USA is morning .
Could you please answer me with an email ?
Thank you for considering my application .
Yours faithfully ,
Serena Palerma
What is fame ?
How is it to be famous ?
How the famous people feel and what they miss ?
Do they deserve their private lives ?
Of course they do .
I absolutely agree with the statement .
Everyone deserves his own privacy , own peace , time just for him and famous people too .
I understand , they are rich , their lives might seem interesting , even more interesting than ours , but they are not so different , they are not better than us , ordinary people .
Many of journalist or photographers think when they write some gossip about politicians or when they take some " curios " photos , it 's ok .
But it 's not .
They may hurt these people , they may ruined their life just using a bad word .
It must be really stressed when you ca n't come anywhere without journalists following you .
And also it must be really uncomfortable for friends or family who go with you .
It is a big pressure .
Of course some of famous people might like this feeling that they are so likely and favourite and they , who do n't like it they have a posibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalist following them do n't exist .
If I am honest , I have to say , I would not be famous if I would lose my life .
I like my student life without followers .
My town is a very good town for taking care of the environment .
My town , City X , is a very green city .
Only cool and good cars are allowed .
People will be fined if they throw garbage on the streets .
This town is a very strict town .
Our town is full of green plants everywhere : in the school playground , between the roads and many other places .
My town uses only uses electric cars because they do n't dive out carbon dioxide .
Smoking is not allowed .
Farting in the open air is not permitted .
Plastic substances should be reused .
Plastic bags should be bought in shops .
Most people use leather or fabric bags for their everyday life .
Dogs are also not allowed because they fart and are not clean .
People with dogs will be sentenced and will suffer heavy consequences .
People who smoke will be jailed for 20 years .
City X helps reforestation in many countries and places such as Brazil , Java , Sumatra , Peru , Guyana , French Guyana , Surinam , Bolivia , Uruguay , Paraguay , Colombia , Venezuela , Equador , Chile , Indonesia , Bali , Malaysia , Singapore , India , and many more .
Public transport is going to face a huge decrease in the near future .
New technologies are changing the way of thinking private cars in a new much more save and ecological way .
On the one hand , public transport is well known by their large amount of benefices like less pollution and more economical aspects .
Moreover , large crowded cities using underground or bus are usually a good way to avoid traffic jams , saving time and stress of sad drivers during commutations .
For that reason , fomenting the use of public transport has been the main concern of most of modern governments .
On the other hand , huge technological improvements in car features like self - driving , electrical engines , solar power and others , have created a new perspective of conceiving the way we interact with cars .
Usually , cars need one hundred percent of our attention during driving . Resulting as a huge disadvantage of cars compared to public transport because we are not able to enjoy driving time by doing something else at the same time we are driving .
However , that is really close to change by Google 's Self - Drive Car which is a new technology able to drive our car to any destination without humane intervention .
Furthermore , the car could be empty and go anywhere we command .
That exiting news open a new world of possibilities for the use of cars .
For instance , imagine going to work and order the car going to park home after take your children at school .
In addition , many other improvements like electric engines from Tesla are getting new benefices to this new concept of Intelligent - Cars .
To summarise , cars are going to be so independent , ecological , cheep and intelligent that we will never take a public transport again .
My name is Tove .
I like to play soccer , dance and sing . I like to dance because I can do a little bit whatever I want when I dance and only a few people is judging me .
I like singing because it can bring happiness .
I like to play soccer because I get to hang out with friends and train at the same time .
My favorite food is sushi , and my favorite drink is a pink drink with Pineapple in it . I like sushi because it is fresh and sweet and at the same time it is sour .
The drink is so good because it has a lot of sweet flavors and it has pineapple in it .
I want a kitten but my mom is allergic so we ca n't have one .
I was born in July 25th 2003 .
I have a brother named Markus who wants to be a professional tennis player when he gets older , he is 17 years old .
My mom 's name is Katarina and she likes to sing , she turns 50 this year .
Her favorite food is crab and her favorite drink is a good white wine .
My dad 's name Björn and he likes Tang So Do and to swim , he is 52 years old .
His favorite food is grilled steak .
Dear Paul ,
we did n't seen for a while so you do n't know much about me lately .
Last month I was training at a concert by decorated the scene and seriously came out better then I expected to .
The bulbs were red and the ground was full of yellow flowers .
Seems simple but looks beautiful , sometimes the simplicity is the most perfect accessorise .
I was happy helping those people , because money from the tickets were donated to a nursing house .
Nowadays people care more about themeselves and making good things for some of them is wrong !
I 'm sad when I see a nursing house but you know , there , people will never talk whether they do bad or good and in the end of the day , they will not care only about themselves and their insecurity .
Being there is like having your own family .
I hope , in the next project you 'll be there helping us !
We need more caring person !
Dear Jo ,
I am really happy you write to me for some advice and I am very honourated that you want to spend some time in my country .
Now you have got lots of free time and I think that you must make a really good tour of my country .
Firstly you have to decide if you want to visit the North or the South part of Itlay because if you do a full immertion tour of the intire Peninsula you visit neither a half of all you have to visit .
If you decide to visit the North part I think is good if you start from Trento and his new museum about nature called Muse .
It is very beautiful because it is structured like a mountain ( and so you can start from the last floor and then you go down visiting other floors ) .
Then you must visit my city , Milan .
There you must see the center of the city because we have the Dome ( the Church ) , the gallery near the Dome , the little hidden church called S.Satiro and , at the end , the Sforza 's castle .
Then you must visit Venice the city on the water where every part of the city is a little treasure .
If you like the Egyptian story you can go to Tourin where you can find a huge and beautiful museum about Ancient Egypt .
If you want to visit the South part of Italy you must start your trip from Florence , the bithplace of the culture , then you must go down to Rome the capital city of my country .
After that you have seen the Coliseum , the Basilic of S.Peter and the Trevi fountain and so on you must visit Naples .
In that wonderful city you must visit the statue of Jesus Christ called " il Cristo velato " made by marble and then you must visit the centre of the city , full of fantastic features that make this city really particular like Spaccanapoli , Hidden Napoli , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Severio Church and so on .
If you are a little bit tired of all this trip you can go to Sicily where a beautiful and special landscape can welcome you .
There ale lots of things to visit in Sicily and the most important cities are : Palermo , Messima , Siracusa , Noto , Ragusa , Trapani , Agrigento ..
The idea to find a job that lasts thre month is great ..
I think you could work as an entretainer in some tourist villages roun the country .
In that way you colud improve your way to make a relationship with people and also it could be a great help for your theatrical experience .
I know that you are a brilliant photographer and that you want to improve your hability , so I think that you could do some photos during your trip and then you could send them to some experts .
Honestly I think that it could be hard ( just because you haven't so much time ) but I know that sooner or later there will be a photo event ... It 's not much but you can start from it to let other people know about your talent .
I hope that my advices will help you and I also hope that you have a great time in my country ! !
Let me know if you enjoy yout tour and take lots of photos ( I want to see them soon )
Lots of kisses
Marty
Nowadays , people have different viewpoints about whether the most principle concern of choosing an occupation is salary .
Personally , I disagree with that the money is the most important consideration for deciding a job , because there are several factors equally important .
I believe that other considerations are as important as money .
Firstly , the core values and the reputation of the company are necessarily concerned .
Working in a company which is built up with good core values and has an excellent reputation could easily obtain the fulfillment and keep passion in job for a long time .
We would believe that this job is worth contributing to for life .
Secondly , the co - worker relationship and the atmosphere in the workplace are extremely important when choosing a job .
Having a kind boss or friendly colleagues , for example , can bring workers the senses of belonging and enjoyment from working , hence the working quality may arise greatly .
Admittedly , money is necessary for people 's daily lives , satisfying their basic demand .
For example , the expenditure of food , drinks and commodities need the support from the steady income .
Furthermore , we may need much more money to have some activities , such as worldwide travel or outdoor camping for days .
In addition , in the life - long consideration , health - care would be increasingly important with people getting older , hence enough amount of money as a stable income could not be disregard .
In conclusion , while salary still plays a role and certainly affects people 's choice of profession , I believe that money does not outweigh all the other factors .
Karate gave me a new purpose of life .
This is one reason why it is my most favorite sport .
There are various reasons why I am absolutely fascinated by this martial art .
Behind every single movement you will find gracefulness and power .
Once entering a class , you are able to fully concentrate on the sport .
There are certain procedures in the beginning of a class which encourages you to empty your mind and be ready for class .
Especially in our hectic world it is very important to find to yourself and just listen to your body .
As a martial artist you start to get a great fitness and your balance will improve a lot as well as your flexibility .
Many characteristics will increase immensely such as confidence , self - defense or responsibility .
You will find that you will not only benefit from those in your normal life , but also in your job .
Karate can be started by anyone and any age .
However to see any improvements you should attend regularly and at least twice a week .
Only then it starts to make great fun and you certainly will not regret that you have taken it up . Enjoy ! !
Good Morning :
I 'm writing to apply for one of yours advertisement publised in the local newspaper last week .
I mean , the " Usa Summer Camps " .
I 'm 31 years old , and I have had the priviledge of working as a teacher all my live , so I am an experienced person capable of taking care children .
Due to my experience as a teacher I am sure that I could have any difficulty in organising sports and inventing a wide range of activities in order to entertain children .
As well as , take part in activities about cookering .
In addition to this , I bear in mind to improve my English through my work and of this way be able to teach the children some basic skill about this universal language .
I would be grateful if you would send me more information of this work and you can get in touch with my on 671234567 .
I look forward to hearing from you early .
Yours faithfully
Hi Anne ,
I 'm so happy to hear from you and pleased that you 're coming .
I look forward to seeing you when you arrive here .
Personally , I think the best month to come to Italy is April as the weather is temperate .
In my opinion if you want to meet people of our age I suggest going to the most famous local or places of the city .
How about going out with me and my friends ?
We can see each other in the centre and then we visit the city all together .
April is a very nice month .
Although the weather can change more easily , so you should bring different kinds of clothes both heavy and light .
The perfect outfit can be a pair of trousers , a t - shirt and a jacket .
Thanks a lot for your invitation and if I was n't so busy , I would travel around with you .
Anyway , I 'll wait for a message to tell me when you are arriving .
Best wishes ,
Aurora
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing with reference to my stay in your hotel last week .
I wish I could express my dissatisfaction with the facilities .
I am afraid to say the room was dirty and untidy .
At night , the noise was annoiying , I was not able to rest properly .
Besides , the phone did not work properly , it was imposible the use of it to call the receptionist .
In addition the elvetor was out of order .
There were six of us from a school , and we all agree the stay was unpleasant .
In the end , to my surprise , the price was more expensive than I expected as it was announced in your web .
It seems a tax was the excuse , but in my opinion this is a deceit .
I regret to inform you that if you do not offer my apologies and a compensation for all the disturbance caused to me I would go to the main authority .
I look forward to receiving a prompt reply .
Yours faithfully ,
Angel
All about me
Hello ! My name is Emma and I 'm 13 years old .
Now I am going tell you some facts about myself and my life .
I was born here in Sweden , actually right here at Danderyds hospital , but I lived in the city back then .
When I was about three years old we moved here , to Danderyd .
I lived in a yellow house , not far away from where I live now ( probably just five minutes ) until a year ago when we moved to a much bigger house .
I live here with my wonderful family based on my mum Aylin , my dad Tom , my two really annoying brothers Hans and Oliwer , and my two cats Tiger and Smilla .
Hans is 10 years old and Oliwer is 7 years old .
In the middle of the summer we always go to Gotland and stay at a farm , in a little house .
I go by cycle to " Fribergaskolan " every day together with my friends Tekla , Julia and Bianca .
I really think it is a great school with very kind teachers and students .
I like to dance a lot .
On Monday and Thursday I dance at a dance - school here , close to " Mörby Centrum " , called C - style .
I dance a mixture of street dance and show dance .
I also like riding horses , that is one of the thing I often do when we are at Gotland , by the way .
Right now I 'm actually in a riding course every Sunday .
We are just three girl , and I think this kind of riding is so much more fun than riding at a stable with big groups and so on .
I really like Spain , we have been there like six times and the reason is that my dad has a project there and sometimes he has to go there for a week or less and we have the luck to be able to join him .
I really like to eat sushi and other Asian food , like noodles .
My favorite restaurant is a restaurant in Stockholm at Östermalm called : " New Peeking " it 's an Asian buffé and they make the best food .
My favorite subject in school is probably Swedish , English or biologi .
My favorite book is right now : " The fault in our stars " because its a really good subject and it is sad but great story .
My favorite movie is maybe " TED " or " Grown ups " because they are really fun movies with some sad moments .
On the holidays and after school I 'm often with my friends and family .
I have a lot of friends in my new class and I knew almost everyone of them in my old school ( called Kyrkskolan ) .
One of my other big hobbies is photographing .
I got one own camera , it 's a Canon .
The biggest accident in my life was probably when I was three years old .
It was midsummer and my mum was outside on the terrace .
I wanted to go out to her so I open the door on the wrong side by putting my long finger and ring finger in the little crevice .
Suddenly a powerful wind make the door blow up and squeeze my finger really hard .
I screamed and it started to bleed really much .
My fingers were almost cut so my dad wrapped my fingers in bandage and we drove to the doctor as fast as we could .
They had to sew my finger but in the end everything went fine .
And today I got normal fingers .
I like animals very much and I want to become a vet when I get older . I have got a lot of animals in my life .
Three words who describe me best : committed , animal lover , loyal friend
That was the most important fact about me .
Emma Öberg 7A3
I live in Camden .
In camden every block counts with three or four containers to recycle paper , plastic , glass and old clothes .
Also , every flat or house has a recycling bag to recycle paper and a plastic container to recycle organic waste .
The council recollects , once a week , door to door paper and organic waste .
There has been an extensive campaign to limit the amount of water used to water plants and to wash cars .
What is more , people are encouraged to collect rain water to use in these activities .
Public transport was made accessible by reducing the fares and making it free for students .
Nowadays there are a lot of information about healthy , in order to have good food habits , sleep the amounght of hours recommended by specialist doctors , etc .
For these reasons I consider that could be a good option doing any sport that you like or you may be interested in .
In my case I really like doing spinning , I use to do it only twice per week but now I do that every time I can .
I think that in particular , spinning is a hard sport activity because when you was approximately 1 hour over your bike you 'll probably feel taired .
During the process people works a lot their legs , mixing different positions and speeds , And the most important thing , the musis is always running .
If you want to lose weight this type of sport is perfect because it belong into the aerobic exercises to burn the calories that we get eating fast food whereas it is suitable to people that only just doing exercise to entertainment .
Furthermore from the first time that I was in the gym I have known nice and friendly sportsman who try to give me advice not only how improve my techniques but how avoid injury .
Although it is kind of hard for young people who finished school finally , to understand that it 's definitely not finish yet , education do n't stops from then on and it is one of the most important things to continue going to school .
On the the other hand , young people in Bosnia do n't really have the opportunity to choose , if they want to go or not .
They finish school at the age of 23 - 24 including a further study without a chance of work or anything else .
To this , I think , it is a way which goes in the wrong direction .
Try to motivate people for education , studying and school is a very hard thing if they all know all those Imaginations are not going to happen anyway , whereas people in Switzerland have to choose very early in which direction they want to go and what their possibilities look like .
Therefore , education should be reachable for everyone , in my opinion , as long as possible , but only if the goal and possibilities are clear .
Only if all of that is guaranteed the motivation will rise .
Now shopping became one of the best way to spend time with family or friends , but not everyone like it .
For the most of men shopping is so boring and exhausting , but for the women it can be the best way to make better their mood , because they are so happy when they buy many clothes on sale , cheaper than in regular price .
I think that the shopping is not enjoyable for everyone when in the shops are a crowd and very long queue .
Then you spend more time in the shop and you will be more tired .
In the big shopping centre your pocket can be stolen by pickpocket and you can lost a lot of money .
Personally I really like shopping , because I am interested in fashion and I like look good .
So for me shopping is very enjoyable and I always forget about my problems when I try on new clothes , which suit to me .
But I do not like wasting my time too , so I usually do shopping in Mondays , because after the weekend shops are always empty .
Nowadays the technology and the society have changed in different ways and most people have more free time than years before .
This could be good , allthough some people say we need n't all this time and we have to work more .
First of all could be said that the society is spending more time doing relaxing things such as going to the beach or meet friends , and some experts say that we have to spend more time working or studying because people is becoming lazier .
In contrast , the technology have been becoming more useful and it could do works that we had to do some years ago and having more free time could be better for us .
Another point is that we can meet more friends or visit our family if we have more free time and that is allways good .
In other words could be said that if we have more free time our lifes would become better because we can enjoy with friends and do thigs with our family .
Frome my point of view , having free time is perfect because we can do more things that we are fond of and our quality of life would icrease
Hi James ,
how things are going ?
I hope you 're fine !
You ca n't imagine how I 'm excited about tripping to the UK !
After all those letters we sent each other , now we can meet for real .
I 'm looking forward being there to spend some time with you .
I 've never been to London and what 's more I 'm scared of big cities , therefore I 'll literally stick to you wherever we 'll go !
I 've been searching for a lot of stuff we could visit once I got there , for example Piccadilly Circus .
At a glance it seems very original and particular , is n't it ?
I think it would be fascinating go sightseeing around there and I could find some souvenir for my family .
Oh and given you 're a huge soccer fan like I do , what about planning a match involving some friend of yours ?
It would be amazing !
If you manage to organize it beforehand I 'll have the time to prepare all soccer stuff ( boots etc . ) .
Shortly I 'll give you some other information .
Write back soon ,
Mario
My name is Sylwia .
I was born in Polonne , a small town in Ukraine .
My school is located there .
When I was 17 I moved to Kyiv .
I study filology .
A few years ago I worked as literal editor .
Now I am working as a jornalist at National Radio .
I hate my job .
You may ask why is that .
I 'll tell you .
First of all I get less than 100 dollars for my work .
My programs are for the old people in different villages .
My colleagues are brain - damaged .
I want to grow .
But instead I am writing abour stupid decorations , illnesses and other boring stuff .
Next year I 'll be a PHD .
I was going to be a scientist , but I 'm not sure anymore .
I want to have kids and family .
I 'm trying to choose the best time for all these .
Can I cope with all that by myself ?
I 'm not sure .
I feel awful .
Sometimes it 's hard to believe that everything will be OK .
My country was attacked by Russia .
God , save us from the evil .
Teach us how to love .
Friendship is one of the most valuable sentiments for people , especially for people who are in school days .
Making new friends and sharing interests with others are always exciting parts of social life .
When it comes to the best way for students to make friends , some support that participating in community activities or traveling are preferable , however , from where I am stand , joining a sports team is the undoubtedly the best choice .
First of all , for the energetic students , doing sports is their favorite .
Therefore , joining a sports team from where they can share same interests and relax is the easiest way to know each other .
Training in the same sports team , the students can not only release them from whole day 's pressure , but also can build up good relationships with others through the communication and exercise .
For example , the champions of Olympic Games , China 's famous synchronized diving athletes , GuoJingjing and Wu Minxia , the two girls enjoy a really good friendship .
They became to know each other because they both joined the same sports team , and then after exercised and played together ; they finally become two enviable friends .
Additionally , cooperation and coherency are always the main essence of a sports team .
Here , students learn how to work together , how to fight for the same goal through tacit teamwork , how to contribute to the whole team instead of just thinking of self , and even how to negotiate or discuss with others , as well as how to be patient and rational .
Although there may be some argument or disagreement among students , I always think that everything is going to be okay because the sports team will be coherent .
Finally , joining a sport team will provide a long period of time for students to get along with each other .
However , if students participate in community activities , for example , doing volunteer job in the town 's library , they would not have sufficient time to communicate with each other since most of their time is full of working .
Meanwhile , students can play with each other during traveling , but only several days are deficient and most people will not keep in touch with others after the trip .
Sorry that I haven't been in touch for a while , but I 've been really busy lately .
How are you ? have you something new to tell me ?
Is everything ok with your family ?
Well , I have a good news for you ! I met a wonderful girl last weeck when I went to the cinema .
I was in the queue when I saw her wearing a stylish tight black dress .
She is perfect , with her long curly dark hair , and her pale skin .
She has a wonderful body , but in her face you can see the perfection .
Her slanted eyes and her shiny lips are gorgeous .
I want to introduce her assap !
See you soon .
Take care ,
José Luís .
" The Good Samaritan "
My country 's media this year celebrated a doctor who works in Afghanistan .
His name 's Roberto Cairo .
He set up a hospital in Kabul to take care of the mine 's victims .
He was decorated by the Italian President last June .
In my opinion he 's a hero of our times .
He left his job in a safe and comfortable Italian hospital to move in a country that lives a civil war .
He 's very brave to work in one of the most dangerous places of the Earth .
His charity 's saved many lives .
Every day he works hard to give support to the people injured by the mines .
In my opinion we need to thank people like him .
We never forget what he 's done , we must n't forget what he 's done .
Dear Mr. Leader ,
I am writing to you , because I 've heard that you 're planning a trip to our city - Katowice .
We have so many interesting places to visit , but if I must limit to only one I chose the centre of the city .
It is renovating , but you can see many beautiful buildings .
First of all , I have to show you our theatre and if you want to , we can go on an art .
In this theatre perform fantastic actors and I would like you to see their best play which is " Jackyl and Hide " .
Besides btilliant actors they have incredible decor and it 's perfectly situated , that is very near to the bus stop .
I hope you 'll enjoy our city centre , there you can entertain and learn something about our city .
It is really interesting place and I think you 'll appreciate this .
In case of any questions , please , write me an e - mail I answer them with pleasure .
Yours faithfully ,
Dominika .
I agree with this statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Some people like to do shopping every day .
Some do not like but it is a personal business .
Some people go shopping to feel better for themselves .
If they have bad day or if they have a good day .
Tend to be people who are dependent on purchases .
I personally love to do shopping and spend my money for new clothes .
Wednesday , September 30 3015
Dear Mrs. Tejada
I am writing to apply for one post in the summer camps at USA .
I heard about in my English class of my university .
I am in 5th semester of Industrial Designer , and I have 500 points in my TOEFL .
Apart from my studies , last year I went a camp of my career where I was helping in the welcome for the new students of the career .
Take part in the camp was wonderful because I helped for planning the activities .
Finally I a master in the kitchen I really enjoy made desserts and I was in a course of cook the last summer in fact I have experience in the kitchen .
As I mentioned above I have experience in camps , I speak English so I just want an opportunity for show you .
And I know my abilities with kids , I am patient , confident and organize people .
Perhaps most important , I offer a history of proven results so I am suitable for the job .
Please give me the opportunity to work with you .
If you would like to know more about me , please contact me at your earliest convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours Sincerely
Alejandrina Guerrero Montanez
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
I am writing this letter to apply for the post of the staff advertised in the Tuoitre newspaper of 13 March .
Since graduating from University of Eduaction majoring business English , I have been working for a food joint stock company on a contract basis .
I have particularly interested in dealing with various types of foods and meeting new people .
In addition , I am willing to work long hours for your cafe .
I would welcome the chance to work as a part of your cafe where I will make a small contribution while developing my English skills further .
Meeting new people and setting up new social relationships are also the temting point attracting me .
In addition , your cafe is conveniently located near my home which takes about 10 mintues to go on foot and i have 2 days off a week that gives me opportunity to challenge a new job .
I am available for interview on Monday morning next week and i am looking forward to hearing from you soon
Your faithfully ,
Thao
Dear Billal ,
I hope this email finds you well !
Last week , my friends and I were selected from the class to go on a fascinating trip to a contemporary and magnificent museum .
At this mind - blowing place , we looked and gazed at the phenomenally awe - inspiring and unbelievable fossils of ancient dinosaur bones up to 100 meters high !
We also made brilliant mini statues of a type of dinosaur , I did the T - Rex and my mate assembled a Raptor .
I luxuriate the manufacture of the spellbinding models and the gift we get to pick in the dinosaur shop .
I enjoyed this unforgettable experience to the meseum , and hope you can take your time out to go one day !
Kind Regards ,
Jon
All about me !
My name is Claudia , I 'm born in Sweden .
my parents names are Jan - Erik and Jessika , I have one older sister and one older brother , they are twins and they are 22 years old and their names are Kevin and Tilde , I have two dogs Ebba and Leia . old .
Leia is 6,5 months old and Ebba is 9 years old .
My favorite thing to do is play sims 3 and sims 4 and listening to music , my favorite music type is rock and of course my favorite band is Green Day and of course then my favorite song is stray hearts(Green Day ) .
My FAVORITE movie is Breaking Dawn part 2(The Twilight saga ) .
My favorite subjects are English and music , mostly because I love to sing and play guitar .
I love Disney movies like Mary Poppins and Peter Pan , but I ca n't see dog movies because if there 's something sad like the dog dies then I will cry .
My favorite books are of course all the twilight books(I ca n't choose one :3 )
One my free time I play guitar and dance and sing .
If I do n't do that then I am with my dogs or with my friends or just at home playing sims ! AND THE SIMS 4 CAME OUT FOR LIKE TWO WEEKS AGO AND I AM SOOOOO HAPPY ! :D My favorite food is sushi .
When i grow up I want to work with music in some kind , but if i do n't work with that then I want to work with animals !
I think the most beautiful building that I have visited is the " Monumento a La Bandera " .
It 's placed in Rosario , Argentina .
It was built on June 20 , 1957 by the architect and engineer Angel Guido to celebrate the Flag Day .
In the same place where Manuel Belgrano first raised the Argentina flag on February 27 , 1812 .
It has a tower of 70 meters with a viewpoint on the top , and it is famous for its big flag and the crypt in tribute to Manuel Belgrano .
Inside the " Monumento a La Bandera " you can see historical objects about the history of Argentina , in the underground it 's the hall of honor of American Flags .
If you want to enter to the hall of honor or enter to the monument it 's free but if you want to go up to the viewpoint , unless you are younger 5 , you must pay an entrance fee of 10 $ argentines .
The building is open from 9:00 to 19:00 every day .
Hate them or love them , villains are the funniest part in every story board .
Since I was a child , my favourite characters are being the cruellest one .
Why ?
Obviously because in every story , book or movie , despite heroes are weaker than bad characters , they always win !
What a boring situation !
For example , in Terminator 's movies villain was always stronger and more equipped than hero , but at the end of the movie the righteous wins the battle .
Finally , latest movies are based on cruel , bad , dirty and strong character ! Enjoy them !
In recent years , social media sites have developed and interpenetrated our society as the essentials rapidly .
There are enormous numbers of users all over the world , and social media sites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube are utilized for acquiring some information , contributing ideas , sharing photographs and communicating between individuals , individuals and organization or between organizations .
While social media sites change our society more convenient and more comfortable as compared with the past , they simultaneously accompany some issues .
There are two advantages and a disadvantage of the current social consequences , and I mention conceivable effects of social media site in the future .
Bulgarian parents can choose when their children start school- at 6 or 7 years old .
Before they start school they have to finish preschool .
Usually children go to kindergarten up to 5 years old , and after that they start preschool .
In this case they start school at 6 years .
Some children start school at 7 years old , it depends on when they are born - at the beginning or near the end of the year .
The Bulgarian school year starts in the middle of September .
So if the child is born in the first few months of the year , parents can choose when their child will start school at 6 years and few months or 7 years and few months .
Most Bulgarian parents are not agree their children to start school at 6 years old .
However , Bulgarian government was thinking change the law so all children have to start at 6 years old .
I think I ca n't compare education of children in school or tertiary education between Bulgarian and Australia , because I still do n't have children and I am not studding in university in Australia .
Let me introduce you to my hometown , Kortrijk .
Kortrijk is a small town , located in the northern part of Belgium .
It is also the Dutch speaking part of Belgium .
Kortrijk is nearby the French border about 15 minutes by car .
The town has 100.000 inhabitants .
It was built in the 11th century and is well known for its shopping area .
Ou
After a day of shopping , you can go at one of the many restaurants Kortrijk has .
You can choose between several types of food such as Japanese , Italian , French and many other food .
Of course you can eat the typically Belgian dish mussels with French fries .
In summer Kortrijk organises little concerts .
The concerts attract many people from all over Belgium .
Now Kortrijk is changing a lot .
The last few years a lot of building has been done in the area .
New bridges have enriched the town .
Many green zones have been implemented .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
last week , I was on holiday with my family in your " New Holiday Village " .
Unfortunately , our holiday did not live up to the claims made by you .
We had a number of problems ; the first one is concerning the number of beds : You offered space to sleep for six persons so we excepted six bed , but we only had five .
So , two of us had to share one bed , which is hardly acceptable
The other problems is about the offered excursions : You promised a number of attractions , but two ( the walk up to the mountain as well as the visit of a historic castle ) were not available .
Unfortunately , we also had problems with nutrition : In your brochure it was told that we will have a number of restaurants around , but in fact there was only one which was , in addition to that , really expensive .
This is in our honest opinion not acceptable , because in the brochure you talked about more than one restaurant .
To sum it up : We were not very pleased with our holiday as we could not enjoy some of the things you promised to us in the brochure .
We are the opinion that you should not offer things which are in fact not available .
Yours sincerely ,
Anna Olsen and family .
How people 's lives will change in the future ?
It requires a rich imagination to try to put a view of the future , first of all the means of transport will change , depend mainly on the solar energy or the nuclear energy , a flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work , you will need to supply your car with spinache after they invent a spinache - using car .
Also the food will change in the future , capsules of your favourite foods will be available at the future in the mobile supermarkets , these capsules turn into your lunch as soon as you put a small amount of water on it .
In the future water will be very expensive to the extent that you will have to work three hours of overtime everyday to be able to pay for half a liter of clean water , but the one thing that will never change in the future is the smile on your mother 's face when you surprise her by cleaning your bedroom without using the robot that belongs to your older brother .
I think today 's television is still a good value , because there is more choice than ever before .
You can see whatever you want , whenever you want!There 's always something to watch for everybody .
Of course I think that we should n't watch too much television .
I think that 's the only negatieve point from today 's television , because maybe there 's too much choice !
Some people just watch tv the whole day long , and stay in their houses .
They just ca n't stop watching television , because there 's just so much what they like to watch .
I think that we should promise ourselves that we just watch maximal 1 hour TV every day .
In that way , we can enjoy all that new technology from today , and all the enjoyable tv - programms !
This photo shows me and my best friend .
It was taken on the embankment of Khabarovsk .
On the background you can see the river Amur .
On the left you can see people on an observation area .
They 're enjoying the view .
I was very excited because it was my first visit to Khabarovsk in the summer .
The city looks beautiful in this time .
By the way , in that day Everybodys were celebrating the Day of the City .
Afterwards we went for a walk .
We felt happy because we have not seen for a long time .
We used to engage in dancing and singing .
When we were schoolgerls we used to spend all our free time together .
We are living in different places now .
Luckily , we are in touch .
It 's not difficult today !
Lots of modern messenger like WhatsApp , Skipy , Vier make it possible for us to talk , chart as much , as we want .
13 July 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement in SUMMER CAMPS USA to work in different situations .
I am available in summer whenever and wherever .
I have qualification in children , I am a teacher graduate by University Carlos III of Madrid . I have experience in adventure sports , I like the country and mountain .
I also have a certificate of lifeguard .
I have experience with children between aged 10 and 12 , I have worked in the South school Centre for two years .
I have always had a natural ability to work well with children .
I think that this job I will enjoy working with the children and trainer staff .
I speak English very good , because my mother is from UK and my father is from Canada , although we lived in Spain in our home always spoke in English .
My CV in enclosed .
I do not have experience to work in the kitchens , but a like cooking , I am living alone I do housework myself and meals .
I believe that I am suitable for this job because the sport , the children and the country are parts of my hobbies .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
This year is the last one before going to university .
After so much time at school some people think they need a break .
On one hand , it is true that leaving school means passing from the basis to your future profession .
After sixteen years of continues work , it is the perfect moment to take a rest and enjoy your life by travelling .
To know about other cultures and get new knowledge completly different from school .
However it could be a great time to work and earn some money for paying university or simply for saving it .
On the other hand , maybe if we have a break until university the routine of working and studing every day could break .
So when univerity starts , people will become busy , the routine will not be the same , and as a consecuences the marks will be lower .
to conclude , I think after school we need apply for university in order to continue working in what we like .
The year off should be taken after university studies
As the number of traffic accident has increased dramatically over the year , finding the best solutions has putted the government under pressure to whether implementing stricter penalties or using alternative regulations .
Personally , road safety can not be ensured with either former or later methods .
Instead , it should be a combination of various actions .
As a matter of fact , severe punishments can partly decrease the rate of offences .
Nobody wants to pay an expensive fine or spend time in prison , so fear of punishment might be effective and prevent people to make the offence a second time .
Moreover , one 's penalty also can be considered as a mirror that people can look at and avoid doing the same things .
The main offences are driving over the speed limits , drunk driving , driving without licences .
Its penalties , depends on the severity , could include fines , licence suspension , community services or imprisonment .
Consequently , those punishments make the drivers have to concentrate on driving only , therefore , minimize the amount of accidents .
By the same token , a sole method could not solve the traffic problems as driving offences are not the only reason that cause traffic accidents .
Authorities should enact more safety policy on road and ensure by improving the quality of traffic facilities .
In many developing countries , government rarely attach special important to both the quality and quantity of the traffic system , especially in rural areas .
People easily get accidents when driving in narrowed or severely damaged streets .
Furthermore , vehicle collisions are rising greatly due to number of unclear road signs .
Traffic education is also an compulsory measure , especially to young generations as they cover majority of offences .
People should be educated carefully about all the safety regulations and laws when they get driving licence , the more they know the rules , the less risks are taken on road .
In general , betterment of reducing traffic accidents is important .
Therefore , it should be considered carefully on how to combine both severe penalties and many other regulations .
Public transportation once used to be a convenient and inexpensive way to transport oneself in the city .
However , the increasing number of car ownership has been taken place of public transportation , providing more convenience to get around places to places .
Traveling by cars gives flexibility in our schedule .
We do not have to concern to catch a bus or train at certain time .
We can get on a car whenever we want to go to places and drive .
Such convenience of cars can enables us to use our time efficiently .
However , cars can not take place of public transportations just for that convenience .
Maintaining cars is cost associative .
Driving a car requires to fuel gas , and gas prices are becoming more and more expensive .
In addition , cars require regular maintenance such as oil change and checking tire pressures .
Mechanical problems can often be a costly problems .
Unlike public transportation , one has to be responsible for his or her tool of transportation , and it could be expensive sometimes .
On the other hand , the public transportation is inexpensive .
Not to mention not everyone can afford keeping a car with their budget .
In other perspective , cars require to drive .
Driving is not everyone can do .
For example , people who have disabilities and certain diseases are not able to drive .
Children under certain age are not permitted to drive .
For those people , public transportation can be an optimal choice of transportation .
In conclusion , cars are convenient , however , it is not for everyone use .
Therefore , the public transportation has its own means of existence , and there is a future for public transportation .
Dear friends !
Our congregation has carried educational family camps with the support of NNNs Integration programme for 8 years .
We have a hugeexperience in organising seminars and camps for families with disabled children .
For many of children participating in this camp is the only opportunity to spend time with the coevals and to feel fully - fledged members of the society .
Words fail to express emotions that all participants experience .
Health improvements of some children can be considered a miracle .
All children get a lot of positive emotions spending time together and learning how to be tolerant .
Reduction in financial support from foreign charity foundations leads to make our camp not possible to happen this year .
Our budget is fixed for only 75 people , it is almost twice a number of participants last year .
We do n't know and we do n't want to know how to refuse a participation in the camp to children in this situation !
We want all our children to go to this camp , so we set up a donation project .
The greater amount of money has already been collected thanks to the trustee board of " NNN " community , but we still need additional $ 13000 .
We are asking you not to stay indifferent to disabled children and to provide feasible help .
( Essay )
The idea that newspapers will diminish by time due to people 's perspective toward surfing the internet for the worldwide news does not necessarily mean that it can be taken for granted .
One of the most controversial issues nowadays is that a large sector of the society deals with newspapers as a daily routine .
They ca n't withstand one day without skimming through their pages with a cup of tea in the morning .
To the best of my knowledge , it is a way of behaving more than a way coping with the latest technologies .
To begin , the reason for decreasing the popularity of news papers is that most people , recently , rely on being online most of the time to follow the latest news all around the world .
The second main reason is that online news is often free of charge .
Thus , people read news at any time and for free .
On the other hand , newspapers are presented in a definite place , with limited time in addition they are daily payable .
While some may claim that credibility is the main reliable aspect of publishing .
It is obvious that the daily newspapers having a respectful reputation are the ones which could be accepted by thousands of people .
In this respect , newspapers seem to be more credible than numerous websites that make up fake stories much more than publishing real news .
Furthermore , reading habits have their own taste , specifically for those elderly people .
They enjoy turning the pages and reading the headlines using their eyeglasses .
That marvelous tasteful generation ca n't be buried alive as they have their own experiences and influences upon the modern society .
In light of the forgoing discussion , it appears to be true that the internet is an incredible aspect toward globalisation even in daily news worldwide .
However , the newspapers still have their lead in that perspective .
It can be suggested that combination of both arenas will positively influence the ways of delivering news .
Last week one friend of mine told me about a new cafe that had just opened near my house and that she thought it was a magic place .
At first , I did n't belive that this place would be as amazing that she said .
However , I accepted her plan and I met her at " Wonderland Café " .
I have to be honest and recommend all of you this magic place .
It has almost everything that you need in a cafe , comfortable chairs and sofas , beatiful features and a really good - taste coffee that they serve in most of twenty different ways and with all toppings you can think in .
Althoug the most important thing is that there were not only friendy staff but they look like if they were having tea in Wonderland , with Alice and the White Rabbit .
I strongly recommend this café if you want to enjoy an excellent coffee with a careful decoration and brilliant performances in which you can participate while having a drink .
You will love it ! !
I 'm 50 years old and I 'm living in a little city named Monza .
At my age is very important to keep fit so I ride twice a week .
This sport is not so hard , give me the opportunity to do an activity that is not too expensive and could be done outdoors and not in a closed sportshall .
When I came back from my job , in the afternoon , I wear something comfortable , take my bike and go away over the street alone with my thoughts and no one could disturb me .
Whenever I go out with my bike I stay on the way for two hours and I enjoy so much this time for myself that I 'll remain outside for ever .
For everyone who would like to start this sport is important to remember that you are alone with yourself and must have the power to improve the time you 'll stay out and never give up .
The visit is a movie in which two grandparents get to know his grandchildren for the first time .
They have never met his grandparents because her mom had a fight long time with them even before they both where born , that it caused not to know more about each other .
The girl is making a film for a school project about the journey about knowing his grandparents .
Then both kids realize that something is going wrong with them .
because sometimes they start acting really weird and after 9:30 pm weird things happen to them , then both kids understand that his grandparents are hiding a really big secret .
I think this thriller will get your nerves out of you , the movie reveals many things as it continues it 's actually so good and for those that are scared about thrillers , this movie is more like suspense and I really think you can enjoy it .
When facing a decision on whether to shop in a shopping center or in small stores , many people will choose the shopping center because you can buy all types of products at once .
Others , including myself , believe that shop in small stores is the premium choice .
In the following essay , I will outline two reasons to support my view .
First , small stores provide products with more unique feature and different selection .
That is to say , most small stores may have their own logos on mugs or even T - shirts and it is more likely to find handmade products in it .
For instance , my friends once bought a nice scruff with cute animal figure in a small store and I really like it after she showed me .
Therefore , the next day she brought me back to the store , we found out that they did not have the same scruff because it is the only one .
Although I was disappointed that I could not have the same scruff but this is the fun part that shop in small stores , you can always find something unique .
Second , it is true that shop in a shopping center is fast and convenient because one can buy all types of things together .
However , most shopping center provide limited selections and sometimes the price is expensive .
In conclusion , I prefer to shop in a small stores because it is more likely to find the one and the only product while it also provides a sense of treasure hunting .
The changes on television are evident , it could be because the society are changing too .
On television we can see what people consume .
If tv 's programmes are a lot of rubbiss , is because some people prefer those .
So , we have to take care of it .
Maybe , there are a lot of repeats of old programmes , but some of them are still watched for a long number of people .
And sometimes , programmes are so aggressive and gives people bad messages .
On the other hand , there is some channels , which show documentaries and programmes about specific subjects like science , math or history .
And there are musical channels too .
I think there are good tv 's programmes , but people do n't give them the value that they should have .
There are a lot of old programmes , but it is n't a problem .
The television has still something important to show .
I am writing to congratulate on the excellent Dumplings Festival which I attended in Cracovie last November .
I spend a great time with my friends , but I have a few comments concering the organisation .
I was far from impressed by all dumplings which housewives prepared .
In my opinion dumplings with spinach tasted great .
I am impressed a cabaret who performed during the festival .
Them jokes were very funny .
However , there are a couple of small sugestions .
First of all , the vanue itself was very crowded and parking almost impossible to find .
It could be a good idea to find a large location .
I saw a parents with children but kids did not have many attractions .
I would like to suggest fire special animators wgo will entertain kids .
In addiction tickets were too expensive .
you should think about reducing proces or prepare special discount for xample for students .
Once again please accept my compliments on a job well done I hope you find my suggestions helpful and I look forward toa n even more successful event next year .
Yours faitfully
These days , the use of technology is increasing , especially robots .
According to Russell and Norwing robots are especial machines that have intelligence to executed activities on their own or by command ( as cited in Chijindu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
They represent an innovation that has changed the world in distinct ways and have implanted in different areas of society ; for example in security , health , army forces , education , industries and agriculture .
Consequently , positive and negative social impacts can be observed by the population .
More accurate surgeries , emotional bond and increase of communication are examples of positive consequences .
Negative impacts such as the human dependence on robots for doing basic activities and pollution of environment can be cited .
This essay will describe the positives and negatives social consequences of the robots , and possible implications in the future .
Each day , the environment suffers different problems caused by the global warming and human are the unique guilty of this issue .
We need to analyze and investigate the main problems to find solutions which may get better our world .
First of all , transport is the most relevant carbon dioxide 's emitter .
As we know , in all cities a lot of cars are used every day unnecessarily .
Probably , if we used up public transport like bus instead of private , we would reduce the greenhouse effect because of the CO2 produced .
Secondly , the huge amount of litter floating in the rivers and sea 's water destroys the ecosystem and has a high visual impact .
Sometimes , cities get rid of rubbish throwing it to the water .
An easy answer could be building more landfills .
Last , I 'll propose a solution of a common and near problem .
Reusing things that we do n't utilize ( like clothes , furniture … ) and give them a ' second life ' .
I think we must be down to earth and creative to cut down our daily trash 's production .
To sum up , it 's necessary to solve the environmental problems to keep safe our planet , so we had better start resolving closer issues .
If we avoid them , the earth will get worse .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm happy that you wrote me to ask some advice .
Well , to travel there in Brazil , you have to choose some places to go , because here we have a lot of beautiful places to visit and have fun .
To help you , I need to know what do you prefer to do .
If you want to go to the beach , I 'll tell you to visit the Northeast 's beaches because there are the most beautiful beaches in the entire world .
You have to pass some days in Fernando de Noronha .
For these places , the best season is the Summer .
One other place to visit in Summer is the pantanal .
There you will see one of the most beautiful biome that you have seen .
In pantanal the weather ir hot and wet , and we can drive into the river deeper in the wood and see the wild animals like the alligators .
If you want to come here in the Winter , you have to know the South .
There , you will see beaultiful cities with European architecture and you will find nice wine factories .
For work , I advise you came to Sao Paulo .
Here , you 'll find most of kinds of temporary job , like in restaurants , bars , etc .
I hope that I helped you and see you soon .
Chinese , Spanish and Portuguese no one of those languagues are so popular as English is .
Over 1 billion people around the world speak English as a second language because of that it is considered the universal language .
Nowadays , it is an obligation to get a better job .
I will discuss the importance of English as a second language in Brazil .
Even though , study a language become easier because of the internet , fluency is harder to get when you study by yourself .
Brazillians need learn English because it opens doors in business and in higher education .
In Brazil , regular schools teach for students the basic aspects of the language and do not let them emerge in the language .
It can explain a little bit of Brazil 's lack of English speakers .
Learn English as a foregein language will make a huge impact in brazillians ' professional life to get a better position .
To conclude , Brazil has deficiency of English speakers .
The brazillian educational system should be aware to develop more students ' language skills .
Learn English as a second language will help brazillians to get a better job and have more opportunities in their careers .
It is a rich , graceful and delightful language to learn .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
To the national championships in swimming , she was preparing since last summer .
Taking part in it and gaining the best place was her biggest dream .
Especially since the previous national competitions when she suffered a shoulder injury and could not start .
After all , this is a hard work from an early age and on the list of players does not enter by accident .
But the daily duties , which she had as a teenager , and the murderous workouts till midnight , built in her the strong will to fait .
She knew that besides her , the race will be attended by the best girls from all over the country .
Dressed in a swimsuit , she was waiting in front of a swimming pool for the next judges command .
Only a few seconds separated her from the jump to the water .
The judge ordered to take place at the sites .
Anna looked again toward the audience , where her the best fans in the world were sitting - her parents , friends , coach and friends .
They all were keeping their fingers crossed .
She swam so fast , like a former fish , not a human being .
In the water she feels like at home .
Only after a while , after a few quick and short breaths occurred to her that she fulfilled her biggest dream .
Anna won first prize , regained confidence .
It was one of the happiest day of her life .
I would n't like to be a teacher since I do n't like children a lot .
I am not as patient as a teacher has to be with all his students although only some of them are naughty .
Many of my friends are teachers , they like their job despite the fact that they often have to deal with lively children or lazy students and heavy parents .
These people sometimes think of their sons or daughters as innocent angels who spend a lot of their time with inexperienced teachers with no qualifications .
Teaching could be a stimulating working environment for students and teachers if it involved a rewarding career and the improvement of teaching skills .
In this case , teaching would n't be monotonous and with no opportunities or prospects .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to ask you if your school could organize an individual course in English for me .
I study English for two reasons .
First , it is necessary for my job ; second it is my hobby .
I have been studying English for ten years . I make sense of the reading , but I am not good at listening and writing .
My pronunciation is not always correct , as a result I have some problems with listening . I know English economic terminology very well but my everyday English is rather poor .
However , my grammar is not that bad .
I score 56% in my last test .
I would like to sign up for a summer course for three months .
I enjoy visiting museums , travelling in my free time .
I prefer learning on a one - to - one basis , because it is more comfortable for me .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Sincerely ,
Evgenia Ilyina .
dear sir ,
my name is marcos , I would like to apply for the job in the summer camp .
I actually love outdoor activities , I have been practicing rock climbing for nine years now , and start with motocross since 2010 also i consider myself very nice with children and teenagers . when I was a child my father and I used to go camping almost every two weekends , till four years ago , because he is no longer be able to stay out of the city , but he taught me all that i need to know to suvive outthere , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
Also I am chef , so I can assure you that I will be helpful in the kitchen , I have been cooking for a large amount of people for 7 years in a really big restaurant .
I will committed myself to do the best to make your summer camp one of the best
sincerely
marcos rodriguez
It is said that no future for public transportation . I think it when I was young , but it is changed while I am getting older .
But it is changed recently , I fell down and hurt my knee , so that I can not drive by myself .
Now I need it again .
There are a lot of benefits by developing public transportation .
First , it is more convenient .
Most developed countries developed the public transportation system to low the impact of growing population .
Then , it is cost effective .
Shared cost let the huge expense on developing and building the public system possible .
Finally , it is environmentally .
Public transportation is proved less energy consumption .
I still think the public transportation system will be growing on in such a crowded era .
How long haven't you use public transportation ? do you agree that there is no future for public transport ?
I personally think so , the reasons are as below :
First , As we all know , Cars play a very important role in our life , the more and more cars come into our family .
Also travelling , of course , that 's a big part of the function of the car !
The very well developed highways , roads , city streets provide a good foundation for the cars , look at the North America , the highways were developed anywhere , it 's really your own lose if you do n't drive a car , drive on them(highways )
Second , Human start to learn driving at the age of 16 , and they can master the driving skills very quickly ( within a month or two ) , soon they can drive to wherever they want to go , and we also see people at the age of 80 still drive to their destinations as they got used to it .
so who care to bother taking the public transportation anymore ?
Third , The public transportation sucks , when you think about it , you can picture the crowded subways , dirty buses , and the difficulty / hussults between the public transportation transfer in your mind .
The wasted time also should weight in , whether it is waiting for the trains , or waiting for the delayed buses , not to mention the longer time it takes compared to travelling in a car .
And driving your own car can be very convenient too , it can right come to your own garage .
All in all , Public transport is not as fast as a car can be ; it 's not as convenient as a car can provide , so it 's future is in doubt .
I agree with this statement that being safe is better than feeling sorry .
There are the three following reasons .
Firstly , no one like to be sad .
Life is full of good things why do n't we look to the full side of the cup instead of looking at the empty one ?
Being sad and sorry will destroy your life , because you will not be able to work , eat and live in a good way .
All of this will affect your life badly , maybe you will lose your job or your health will not be good anymore .
Secondly , Eveybody seeks safetiy in their lives .
Look around you , crimes and death are srounding us , all this people are dreaming to live a peaceful life without all the aspects of killing and sadness .
People are fighting as they can to only reach a calm life where everyone of them can be safe .
Thirdly , I lived two years without feeling safe and comfortable .
The war in my country make me feel no longer safe .
For that reason I beleive that being safe is absloutly better than sorry . I will always remember my dad telling me to calm down , saying that the life will go on and oneday all of us will be satsfied with this life .
In conclusin , I think that all of us should see through rose -tinted glasses and be happy , because you live a calm life without anything makes you sorry .
Be someone famous for a day
If I could change places for 24 hours with a famous person , I would like to be Paula Echevarria
I start telling something about Paula Echevarria , she is a very pretty and famous actress , she also writes in a fashion blong , she is 34 years old and she is married with David Bustamente who is a popular and hadmesome singer in Spain , they have a daughTer , her name is Daniela and they are like a perfect family .
I have chosen Paula because she is popular , famous , rich and she has the perfect husband but above all I choose her because she is friendly , intelligent and she is always smiling .
Therefore she has everything good aobut being a celebrity but the most important is that she is a great person .
Let me conclude by saying that I would like to be Paula for one day because Not only is she a good professional but also a wonderful role model to be followed by everyone .
I would like to talk about my hobby of breeding birds , this hobby is very pleasant to me and also for many people , especially when you have different kind of singing birds like canary or finches … .
This hobby give me pleasure and good sense of nature , especially when I wake up with the sound of the singing birds in my house .
At present , I have three kinds of birds , one of them is yellow canary , the second one is finch , and the third one is combination of two kinds of birds , Each bird has his own special voice .
I 've started this hobby since 2007 , and since then I have tried to have many different kinds of the singing birds , I spent one day in the week to take care of them , feeding them , cleaning the cages , change the water .
I would like to recommend this hobby to many people , because it give us the sense of nature , and fills the house with the joy and happiness .
By increasing the veriety of cars with new technolgy , people 's demand hasnt ' stop .
But are these new comers will be placed by public transport ?
As technology enhanced the life system in any way possible , people become more dependent and ca n't avoid it beacuse of many different attractions that these cars have .
Another reason for using their own car is that easy access in a second .
Furthure more , there are advantages travelling by a car , like seeing the scenery and also the costs is less in compare to plane .
But it 's not possible that every one have and use their own car .
In this case there will be a huge chaos .
Trafic jam will cost a lot , such as pollution which certainly cause more health problems and will make expense not only for us but for the others as well .
The solution is public transport again , which enhance the pace of life and make easy accsess by subways and special roads .
On the other hand , by increasing the population we should revise the regulation with the fast pace of technology .
To sum up , as thought the cars are too covenient to some extend , but the cost will reduce the benefit .
So for sure we will use public transport but maybe with some changes .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in response to your advertisment for the job in USA summer camps .
I am interested in applying for this position .
I am 25 years old and have just finished the university as a sport teacher .
I think I am suitable for this position because I am hardworking and energetic .
I also have the proficiency ( CPE ) degree and I have been to the USA several times so my English knowledge is good .
Furtheremore during my studies at University I have worked in 2 projects based on sports activities for children aged 7 - 13 , organising them .
Except from that I am getting well with children and have no problems to work in the kitchens to .
This job would give me the opportunity to pactise my skills and get more experience with children as well .
I am free for the job from the 20 of May until the 15 of September .
I am available for an interview every day from 3 to 7 p.m.
I am looking forward to hear from you .
Your sincerely ,
Aris Drechsler
Speaking English is becoming essential for students and workers .
For this reason , school of English are opening in all the big cities as well in most towns .
Studying English in your country let you continue working or studying without change your habits .
Anyway , it must be taken into account that English courses are often very expensive , and you have to study in a constant way to improve class by class .
In fact , usually there is just one class per week , and it is not enough without studying by itself during the week .
Studying English abroad is the better alternative , but it have advantages and disadvantages .
On one hand , living abroad will be probably non cheap , so it could be needed to find a job , but it would be at the same time an advantage : working with English people would help you improve quickly your speaking and listening .
On the other hand , living abroad you 'll need to speak English all the time and you 'll have the opportunity to learn English in a short time , and in a not boring way .
So probably , if you have the opportunity to stay abroad several months , you should do it , to learn English and live a different experience .
TIPS FOR TOURISTS
The aim of this report is to give some advice to all of you who like shopping .
In order to improve the time you spend on it we will recommend you to star in one of ours malls where you can find at your disposal several facilities , from the most fashionable shop to the most traditional .
First of all , coming to a mall will help you to deal with them , also , we have to rate positively the wide range of services you can find here : restaurants , coffee shops and some free areas to spare .
Another advantage is that you will find most of the shops you can find in the city centre but you wo n't get lost while you search them .
For all of you who have kids you will also be interested in the different areas which take care of them for free as much time as you need .
I would strongly recommend this at the nap time to allow them to relax , otherwise you will have to leave sooner than you expected .
In conclusion , you will save , time , money and a foot ache so accept my advice and try to enjoy the rest of the time of the city .
I am going to write about a short story that I have read from the book : And all for love .
title : The kimono .
Written By Herbert Ernes Bates .
There are two main characters .
The plot is about a man , Arthur , twenty - five yeras old , engaged to a nice girl .
Arthur went to London to an appointment for a job interview .
The company requested him to go back three days later , so he was looking for a hotel that someone had recomemded him .
He got lost and asked about the hotel in a cafe owned by Blanche , a beautiful girl .
He was delighted with her and fell in love immediately .
This changed his life forever .
He Forgot his engagement and went to live with Blanche .
But all was not as wonderful as the expected .
twenty - five years later he regrets his decision and wonders what would have happened if he had not met Blanche .
I chose this story because even though this novel was written in the early twentieth century , the underlying theme , is still current today .
And also I would like to highlight that reflects the importance of every decision we make and how it can change our future .
" Atacama 33 "
" Atacama 33 " is a recent American movie that tells the real story of a group of miners that keep trapped in a mine 700 metres underground in Chile for two months .
This group had a leader called Mario Casas starring Antonio Banderas .
The film is well - developed and shows the audience every little issue and difficulty that miners had to go through .
However the first 17 days in the movie could turn a bit tedious because the director focused in every single feeling of the trapped men and their families .
After that lapse the rescuers found the place where the miners were hiding and the moment for rescue them started .
The characters were perfect as soon as they were people from Chile and Bolivia that were involve with the real accident .
Antonio Banderas made an excellent work acting as a desperate leader committed with the local people .
Despite some details , I think you ca n't miss this film if you want to know the truth of the recent miracle called " the Chilean miners " .
It is universaly known that shopping is not always enjoyable .
However , other people think in the opposite direction .
I agree that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Everyone know that shopping is a good way to spend time and get positive emotions or just relax .
Even though shopping can make bad affect on our health especially we can feel tired or exhausted in the end of hard day .
At the same time there are one more opinion that shopping is always enjoyable .
People declare that shopping can make our mood better what in consequence will make as fun .
As for me I do n't agree with these people .
Quite often in the shopping centre is not enough air and as the result you can get a headache or just feel bored .
In conclusion I would like to say that there are different views about shopping and it 's not surprise because we are all different .
Do we need the internet to enjoy life to the full ?
Internet has been developed a lot for the last years , and we can use easily for doing any tasks .
But it is a good invention for the world ?
To answer these questions we have to analyze giving some positive and negative arguments .
On the positive side , the use of internet helps us to find easily and quickly a lot of information that talk about all the topics .
What is more , we can only have to press one computer key to find what we are searching .
For this reason the most people have Internet at home .
On the negative side , the use of Internet can be a waste of time in our lives ; this happens because although search is faster , we can distract looking at other things on account of the attractive of the Internet .
Following the above argument , this is the danger of spend hours and hours surfing the web and not being in real world enjoying the live .
To sum up , the Internet is a good and efficient instrument if we know the correct use of it .
If not , it could be a waste of time that can produce the opposite meaning of enjoying the life .
Nowadays it is very frequent to meet new person coming from abroad who speak different languages and speak about their home countries .
This makes us curios to learn more about foreign countries and their cultures .
But to learn new cultures we must know their languages , especially if we want to travel .
Due to globalization there are more and more multinational companies that require employees who can speak at least fluent English but if a candidate knows more languages he can have more career chances and achieve top level positions .
In my opinion it is very important to speak several languages not only for above reasons but also to train brain , to have the opportunity to find a job abroad and , why not ?
, To have more fun with friends whom we now in our summer holidays abroad .
Unfortunately it is very difficult to learn foreign languages when we are adult so it is extremely important to teach and to study them since kindergarten age .
The doorbell rang insistetly , It was Saturday , in the earlier morning and I still was in bed .
The last low sound of the doorbell finished to wake me up."I am not dreaming " I thought , ¿ Who is ringing at this time?Then I jumped out of the bed and went down fast the upstairs .
I still was in pyjama , so I did n't open the door fast .
First I asked " ¿ Who is ringing so early?¿What 's happen?Suddenly , a family voice shouted me throughout the door .
You do n't think opening the door at your little brother¡Oh brother!I shouted and I ran to open de door .
What are you doing here ?
and He held me strongely .
What amazing surprise!I was very emocional and was about to cry .
But You were in Ireland , What are you doing here?I wo n't expect you .
I would want to do a surprise sister!I miss you .
I am so far from home .
It is sometimes very hard for me .
Oh I miss you too and I was looking forward to you .
I'm very excited because of you are here .
We are finally together .
It 's for three months since I was in Ireland visiting you .
I hope you are a lot of time now with me .
Yes .
I 'm going to stay one week .
I'm on holiday school .
Dear Jane ,
Thanks for your letter , it was so nice to hear from you !
How are you ?
I believe it is amazing the project that you are doing .
In answer to your question about the use of internet beyoung people of our age , I think it is very helpful to get information easier and quiker .
Although , it plays a freat role in removing the borders on nations , in a matter of seconds we can now communicate with people around the world , whether for important business matters or just talking to a friend .
Nowadays , the Internet is very useful , it has many ways of helping people such us with their homework , using Google , or entertainment websites like Youtube , emails websits such as Hotmail , and the number one social network site , Facebook .
Evidently , we can not imagine how much time we spend online , because we are the whold day connecting , in our houses , moviel phones and computers at work .
If there is anything else you want to know , drop me a line anytime .
Love ,
Stefania
My favourite way to travel is by train because I love watching scenery through the windows .
I think it is a bohemian trip too because the train use to be one of the most appreciated means of transport in the literacy .
When you take a train , you can read and feel like Phileas Fogg in " Around the world in 80 days " .
I feel better when I travel over ground because I have fear of heights .
Although experts say the plane is the safest means of transport , I continue thinking It is very dangerous .
Probably , I 'm afraid of planes because the media use to show plane accidents more often .
The boat is a very beautiful way to travel , but I 'm sure when I travel by boat in the future , I 'll feel anxiety because I 'll be surrounded by water .
In conclusion , my main problem is the concern about how safe is the means of transport that I take , so , the train let me to be more relaxed than other ways to travel .
Volleyball is a complete sport where you can exercise all your muscles .
It 's a sport where two teams play on a court , which is separated for a central net .
The players have got a ball which has to cross at the other side .
Each team has got a limited number of taps to return the ball .
The ball , usually is hit with hands and arms , but also with any part of body .
A feature of the volleyball is that the players have to rotate their positions while they are getting points .
In fact , I enjoy playing volleyball because it is a fun sport which you can practise with a lot of people , eleven people concretely .
I suggest at the new players of volleyball that they have to start step to step .
It 's a sport that looks like easy , but you can injure easily .
Put comfortable clothes and suitable shoes .
Young people may confront some health issues , making bad choices , like for drugs and alcohol and also a negative body image , including crash dieting , eating disorders and obesity .
Nowadays they have to work through a lot of issues while they are in their adolescence , they begin to have lack of self - esteem , depression , social pressure , and all this can cause a lot of problems .
I 'm going to write about the obesity , a lot of people do n't eat correctly , they consume a lot of junk food and this cause effects in their health .
They have to realice that if they continue eating that way and not doing any exercise they are more likely to have differents diseases .
Maybe a lot of people that are fat do n't have the time to do exercise , or they have other reasons , but that is not an excuse , they have to have the habit of eat healthy food .
Another problem is like the junk food is really cheap , even cheaper that the healthy food , and people prefer to buy something cheaper and that 's a big problem .
They need to create a new lifestyle habit to reduce the obesity and have a better body image , they should have a healthy eating , and physical activity .
All this to be in your perfect healthy body .
I went to a workshop about the light controlled synthesizer .
To get to the place they were holding the workshop in you had to come to the Chester Beatty library and then the guides arrived and led you to it .
On the way there everyone who participated in the workshop stopped to buy some snacks .
We were told to choose biscuits and the guides paid for us .
When we reached the workshop the kids and I were told to put on protective glasses and given booklets with the instructions .
We were taught how to solder two wires together and how to solder a wire to a vero board .
We were instructed to make a badge that flashed different coloured light by using solder to attach the led and battery hatch to the badge .
Then we had to follow the instructions in the booklet to make the synthesizer .
At first I was quite confused but then one of the instructors came and helped me out .
After that we had a snack and then went on to assemble all the parts together .
We put them in metal boxes and turned them on .
Each synthesizer emitted a loud noise .
When the light sensor is in the shade , the synthesizer emitts a lower pitch , and when the sensor is exposed to light the synthesizer 's pitch raises .
I worked as an Advocate ( Solicitor ) for a period more than four years and from those jobs I gained lots of experiences about minute taking , dealing with clients , arranging meetings and handling cases .
I am a proficient user of Microsoft office packages .
In my first placement I had to deal with lots of cases relating to violation of children rights .
I worked voluntarily for some cases about Juvenile justice like ( speedy disposal of cases , abuse of their rights while they were under custody , custodial death etc . )
I worked on a project about how education the fundamental rights for children under 14 years of age is denied in some community .
This job is related to subject of my interest .
I my second placement I had to perform lots of administrative work including typing .
I had to work as a liase with clients as well as the company officials ( since Shriram Law Consultants is a part of Shriram Group of Companies ) .
The article and the lecture are about the attitude towards taking medical experiments on animals .
The author claims that the main aim of the scientists is to reduce human suffering even if it demands research conducted on animals .
The lecturer opposes this idea , as , in her point of view , medical experiments on animals are not to be taken .
Firstly , the author informs us about impossibility to discover new types of drugs .
The lecturer answers back , saying that different types of medicine have different impact on different species .
Secondly , the author suggests that it is impossible to replace experiments on animals with anything else .
The lecturer disagrees with that point of view , because it is possible to introduce computer substitution or do research on tissues .
Thirdly , the author considers such tests to keep animal suffering to a minimum .
The lecturer argues that as a biologist she used to see animals suffering without appropriate amount of anesthesia .
The topic of the two passages is about future use of hydrogen based fuel - cell engine .
The article states that the most efficient substituer of internal - combustion engines will be fuel - cell engines , because of their several advantages , while the lecture refutes this point by stating hydrogen does not have so many advantages .
First of all , the reading passage says that internal - combustion engine relies on petroleum , which will be depleted soon , but hydrogen will not deplete easily .
The professor contends this point by explaining that hydrogen is , in fact , not easily found .
She adds that it is not directly usable , because hydrogen should be obtained in pure liquid state , which technologically is very hard to be kept under -200 degrees celsius .
Secondly , the article states that this hydrogen use will solve pollution problems , inasmuch as it does not use carbon dioxide , but water .
The professor contradicts the idea by saying that will not solve the pollution problem , because it requires to be purified in order to be used .
She explains that in the process of purefication , a big amount of coal and oil is burned , which pollutes factories rather than the environment .
Finally , the article says that the use of hydrogen is highly economic , because it requires only half of the energy of internal - combustion powered cars .
The professor says that the claims in untrue , because the material , from which the cells are produced , is very expensive .
She explains platinum is very hard to find and without this metal it is impossible to produce hydrogen .
An Unexpected Success
I am a fairly calm person and I am interested in reading every kind of books therefore I have a quiet life .
Last Spring , however , something happened which surprised everybody , especially me .
My little sister wanted to learn to play the piano so she joined a music school which organised a concert performance at the end of the course .
I went with her and I waited for her the whole lesson .
It means that after some months I was able to read the sheet music .
But a few months before the play , disaster occurred !
My sister had fallen down her bike and hurt her wrist .
Unfortunately , she could no longer play .
The teacher said to me ' Could you play in the place of your sister ?
You are able to read the sheet music and I think you will learn to play the piano in a while . '
I was absolutely terrify as I had to show .
However , the teacher persuaded me to try to play the piano .
Only then did I realise that I was keen on playing .
As a result I spent the time playing the piano until I felt far more confident .
The day of the concert I was so nervous that I could n't stop walking .
But when I started , I relaxed and felt like I was the only person in the theatre .
At the end of the play , everybody applauded , never felt I so well .
I am going to play definitely the piano for a long time .
A person who I admire
One of the person who I admire is Martin Luther King .
He was a pastor of Bautist Church and he fought against the dicrimination of black people in the Unated States in the 60 's .
He founded the movement for the civil rights and to free a black people to the racial segragation and equality .
He participated a lot of times on the meeting , like a leader , he went against the law for several times .
He had decided not use the violence in this kind of movements , because he was concentrated about fought against the Vietnam War and poverty .
The other reason for Martin Luther King was the right to vote for the afroamerican people .
One of his most famous speeches was " I have a dream " , where he discrives the equality of the society beetwing waith and black people , where all people can live together .
He was murder in 1968 , in Menphys , he was 39 years old .
Report on shopping facilities in my town :
Introduction :
The aim of this report is to assess the most interesting shops for tourists and make some suggestions .
Shopping facilities :
Most people are satisfied with shops in my town in spite of being quite small .
However , the relation between quality and price of the products are believed to be the most essential points to visit Cáceres .
In general , shops are condensed in a specific zone so that tourists can find what they are interested in very easily .
Suggestions :
In general , tourists think shops should be opened during middayas they are foreigners and like to buy things after watching sights around the city .
It is thought that the best shops in Cáceres are found in the ancient town as it has a medieval charming which involves visitors in that moment of the time .
Conclusion and recommendations :
Overall , the majority of the tourists prefer to buy typical products from the region and besides it is very enjoyable to taste a meal in San Juan Square while people walk around to see the main clothes shops situated in the main street before to go to the heritage town .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm glad to read you and I wish you to come to Russia for you holidays .
You know that Russia is a big country and there are a lot of places to visit .
In our country there are few different climate zones with very rich nature , various cities with old and prominent history and culture .
I 'm pretty sure that your journey to Russia will be a very good and interesting experience .
First of all , you can come to Moscow .
As you know , Moscow is the capital of the Russian Federation , it 's a very fast , energetic city with lots of things to do and to see .
In the city there are a lot of museums and art galleries , theaters and clubs , few parks which priveds different events like open - air concerts or public muster - classes .
Of course , you must visit Red Square , the Kremlin and Saint Basil 's Cathedral .
I strongly recommend you to book on - line tickets to Big Theater and visit it 's opera or ballet .
You know the Big Theater is one of the oldest in Russia with very rich traditions of ballet school .
Maybe you remember the famous Diagelev 's seasons which were popular in Europe in the beginning of the 20th century .
Nowadays artists of the Theater try to keep that old school and develop their mastery .
In addition , few years ago the Big Theater was restored and had gained it 's original appearance .
There is no necessity to describe all sightseeing in Moscow , you easily can find it in the Internet , I just want to say that I 'm sure , you 'll like it a lot .
After Moscow you can visit town of the Gold Ring .
It 's a range of the oldest Russian cities which were centers of the principalities during the ancient period of Russian history .
Here you can feel the spirit of antiquity and the huge contrast between Moscow and provincial Russia .
You will understand that people here and there are very different and styles of their lives are dissimilar .
Hello my friend
You know last week Alex and I went to my favorite band concert , it was really fun , the whole band line up played about an hour and a half , it seemed to me like just a few minutes .
They played all the greatest hits from the 80 's and some other songs from their new album .
People were really excited about the show they just has three attire changes but the show was amazing , the lights and the sound was fantastic .
I could n't wait to listen to my favorite song until they played it , it was the best experience ever , I wish you could be there to see that .
Hope you have the chance to see each other next month .
Wtite soon
Regards .
Terry
DEAR MARY ,
NICE TO HEAR FROM YOU AGAIN .
IT 'S BEEN SO A LONG TIME SINCE WE WROTE TO EACH OTHER .
HOW ARE YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ?
MY FAMILY IS VERY HAPPY TO MEET YOU !
I'M GOING TO GIVE YOU SOME INFORMATION ABOUT PUBLIC TRANSPORT IN NAPLES AND I HOPE THEY'LL BE USEFUL .
I DON'T RECOMMEND YOU GETTING A TAXI BECAUSE IT 'S TOO EXPENSIVE .
I THINK THAT THE EASIEST METHOD OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEAR THE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HAVE TO GET OFF IN CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STATION SO WE WILL TAKE A WALK UNTIL MY HOME .
ABOUT THE WEATHER I CAN SAY THAT NOW IS STILL HOT , BUT NEXT MONTH WILL BE COLDER , SO I SUGGEST THAT YOU SHOULD PUT SOME SWEATERS IN YOUR LUGGAGE , AND ALSO SOME HIGH HILLS BECAUSE WE'LL GO TO THE DISCO !
ALL THE BEST ,
SILVIA
Some people claim that universities and colleges should not spend a great deal of money on sports and social activities , as their budgets should prioritize classes and libraries .
However , as educational institutions , universities and colleges have an obligation to provide a wide range of knowledge to their students to help them develop academically and socially .
let us look at an example for a univesity student .
The student had a great deal of assighment and projects , so he spent more time to access the libabry , becoming more ambition to study books and using a computer to search latest information .
Sometimes he felt tired to do papers , going the gym to play basketball .
Therefore , not only did he get high score in the reports that absorbinge a great deal of knowledge at the libabry , but reduce the study stress and maintain healthy in the gym .
I had a similar experience .
when I studied in the university , I sit in the classes hour by hour in a day .
When I finished classes , I would like to access the health center not only to do exercises , but I could maintain healthy .
University , I also have a lot of assighments , so I like to go to libabry to study where is more quietly , spacious and internet accessible .
That 's why I like to go to school in terms of good facilities and widespread information to facilitate me to be a successful person .
Sports and social activities can greatly improve my efficiency .
In addition , my academics education also stand out in my student life .
For these reasons , I maintain that universities and colleges should spend enough money on academic education and social movements to prepare students for their future development .
Academic education will always be at the heart of a university .
In universities , sports and social activities should by no means take the place of a focus on academic study .
I believe that universities and colleges should spend adequate budget on academics as well as sports and social activities .
Teenagers usually do n't know what to study because they feel confused .
It is a great life stage but at the same time is difficult , sometimes teenagers have problems with their families , with themselves , as a result they do n't know whah to choose .
Many times when people leave high school and they go to University , they realised after several months that the career they had chosen it is not for them .
In the other hand when teenagers take a year off is helpful for them to become mature .
You can work , travel , going to an exchange study , rest and do something that you are interested .
A lot of people think is a waste of time , but that is not true .
When students enter University after they have taken a year off fewer people leave the career after several months because they know themselves better .
I 'm interesting in doing a course in your school .
I 've been studying English for eight years and now I want to improve my English level because I need it in my job .
I have an intermediate level and I 'd like to speak English better because my pronunciation is n't very well .
My grammar and writing are good but as I 've said early my pronunciation is awful .
I 'm available to start the course immediately and I want both an eight - week intensive course and an one - month summer course in August , when I 'll be on holiday and besides I 'd like to learning in small groups because the teacher can focus on his pupils better .
In my spare time I like reading English books and going to the shopping with my mother .
Twenty years ago , no one would think of the inventions of Ipad or smarthphone and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become the necessities of our daily lives ; nowadays , many people just got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
Advent of science , whether it is in the scientific research or in the designs of consumer products , has changed our lives and will definitely keep changing our lives in the future .
Ipad , smartphone , genetic food engineering , all of them have one thing in common -they changed our lives dramatically .
Take genetic engineering as an example , on the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more corps and meats , on the other , it makes people believe that scientists can help in finding more efficient ways in producing more corps and poultry in the future , resulting in an unprecedent increase in human population , which brings pollution to the environment .
To cope with the problems of over - population and pollution , people need to dramatically change their lives in the next 50 years : they may , among other things , face tight birth control and environmental protection measures imposed by the government .
It is sad to say that the future generations have no choice but have to adapt to the changes in order to survive .
Dear mr , ms
My name is Stelios I am a 15 year old kid and am sending this letter to apply for the job at USA SUMMER CAMPS.I believe that I am suitable for the job and I hope that you 'll agree .
To begin with , I am a fluent speaker of English . I've worked in a noumerous camps the previous summer .
As a result , I could be very helpful in oranising sports and activities but I could also provide assistance in other places including kitchen .
Furthermore , I am cheerful , energetic , and I am doing well with kids .
To conclude I believe that I am ideal for the job and I would love to work with the USA SUMMER CAMPS so the kids who go there can have their best summer holiday .
yours sincerely ,
Stelios Metaxas
I watched the film one month ago and it has really impressive and engrossing effects .
The film tells about a movie shooting and adventures of filming team which is in Bolivia .
They try to make a film which explains how Christoph Colomb conquered to America and mention about what Colomb 's aims were .
They come across with some problems while they are shooting the film and this supply quite a few strong highlights .
The both of them are imperialism and poverty .
Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest by a critical perspective but while shooting the film , appear some protests against the privatization of water and the team fall into a chaos and then film starting to give some social , politic messages .
The messages are very important which effect me .
The private companies try to keep public 's all water which is vital to live , rain is in danger ; Even the rain …
The crucial point is transformations and exprerienced contradictions of the characters .
In our imperialist and capitalist World , we need more films or arthistic influences which mention the problems about our life and realities .
I do n't think that there is no future for public transport and I agree that travelling by car is much more convenient .
If the government provide good transport infrastructure like modern and comfort buses , traffic free Metro lines then people would rather to use public transport than travelling by car .
Now a days worlds are facing the big issues like climate change and carbon emission .
Government should promote the good mode of transport in order to reduce carbon emission and people would be encouraging to go green .
Many times because of huge traffic congestion on road we waste our time . while using public transport like Metro save our times .
There are many city in world , planning to car free days and promote to use of public transport .
Department stores are found in all big cities .
There you can find almost everything you want .
In this fast - moving world , shopping is the one of the most important things but I strongly believed it is not always enjoyable .
First , shopping complexes are full of branches of big chain - stores , so this can be boring to walk through them for a long time .
Second , if you ca n't control your shopping habits , you will buy more and more things you do n't need , so that you can have a problem with your budget .
In my opinion there is the reason that shopping is not always enjoyable and full of pleasure .
CONTRIBUTION TO A LONGER PIECE
I always love writing .
I have always loved reading .
You never know what you are going to find when you are reading ( or writing ) and less if you are doing it on the Internet .
There are such an interesting websites and blogs where you can find out something very useful that you would have never expected or unsurprisingly , missinformation .
WHY BLOGS APPEAL TO BOTH READERS AND WRITERS
Many people will find blogs and websites useful in order to meet new people .
We now that making social contacts can be sometimes a problem for a wide range of people , who sometimes find it a lonely and dauting experience .
However , on the internet you can find not only meeting points but practical and very thought - provoking articles in blogs .
In my experience , being under the screen of a personal computer will you be able to show and exchange ideas or opinions easily as if you have to do in front of someone else .
However , both readers and writers not only do it as an altruistic and philantropic way but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to became famous if they really appeal to a large amount of people and they will abe also available to earn money thanks to the publicity .
Consequently , we should never blind trust in everything we see or read on the Internet .
THE BLOG I FOLLOW
To give an example , I usually follow a blog whose main task is to inform about novelties of new and old series , characters , new seasons and when they will be ready to watch them again .
If they give us reliable information or not , it usually depends on the source .
That 's the point of Internet .
You must n't take everything into account .
To clarify what the situation is , it is truth that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites but the fact is writing or reading in a blog could give to people a practical way to communicate and share preferencies , beliefs or thoughts , however , more or less reliable .
Peter looked at his whach and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Firstly I want to explain why those words came to Peter 's head .
He was hunting a hot day in summer in the country near Monfrague with Jon , a friend from Madrid .
Jon did n't use to go to the countru , so he did not know how to walk over the stones and he was afraid .
After to drink water form the bottle , he fell over the gress and Peter saw that Jon 's leg was broken .
There was a lot of blood and was then when Peter looked at his whach and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He thought that they must go at the Hospital quickly , so Jon would have a great problem if he lost more blood .
Jon 's face was white and his lips were blue .
Finally Peter ran to the car and went to pick Jon up .
Two hours later they were in the room of urgency of Cáceres Hospital and the doctors were curing Jon ' leg .
If Peter did not had run , perhaps Jon should have die
Dear Volunteer Co - ordinator
My name is Farit .
I 'm writing to you in connection with your volunteer project , whose
description I have found at the http://http://europa.eu / youth/. I would like to know are you
accepting applications at the moment .
Your project is very compelling for me .
I wish I would
take part in it . I could help you with teaching math together with computer programming
in engaging and interesting way . I 'm passionate about math and programming .
I 'm 25 year old male from Russia .
Currently I am working as a python programmer .
Programming language is great choice for teaching kids to program .
It 's easy , beautiful language .
Programming is fun and math concept absorbs much easier through it .
I have bachelor degree in mathematics ( I 'm a math teacher ) and master 's degree in computer science .
Please let me know if you are looking for volunteer and if you are considering
applicants from Russia .
I will be happy to send you my CV and motivation letter .
Looking forward to hearing from you
Thanks in advance
Farit Blokhin
P.S
Would you be so kind as to tell me applying deadlines , program start and end date .
I have a sending organisation " Centre for Youth Studies - Higher School of Economics "
( accreditation number 2014-XT-16 )
Hi , my name is Henry and I would like to apply for the job .
Nowadays I am living in Aberdeen ( Scotland ) but I am from Spain .
There , I studied Geology , when I finished my degree I decided to move to Aberdeen in order to improve my English and travel around Scotland .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to know new places and over all the things I love the Nature . I would be happy to visit USA because I have never been there , I think is a too rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people that I was glad to meet them .
I have two little brothers , two nieces and one nephew , so I am around for children and that thing I love it .
My brothers , nieces and nephew are an important part of my life , so I am always playing with them .
I often try to play with the children interesting games , I think the games are a funny way to teach interesting things both children and older people , that is why I invent new methods to introduce the science in the children 's lives .
The favorite game for my brothers is called " coca boom " , with this game I showed them what is the chemistry , we cough a " Coke " and " Mentos " sweets then I put the " Mentos " into the " Coke " and I taught what happens when you mixed two substances .
Also , I think I would be a good person for the job because I like the Nature , I could teach them a lot of things about the Geology , a camp is perfect to introduce at the boys and girls in the stones and minerals .
I would be happy if you considered me in the case there are vacancies .
Hi !
my name is Filip Jönsson , I 'm 13 years old .
I have a sister whose name is Andrea Jönsson , she 's 16 years old .
My parents are divorced ,
my parents name is Susanna and Peder .
I have three dogs , one at my dad and two at my mom .
Their names are Harry , Alice and Bonti .
Bonti is very old she is 13 and she are feeling pretty bad , so I do n't think she will be alive so much more .
Harry and Alice are seven and one years old .
I play basketball on my free time and hanging out with my friend from my old school .
We all have things in common like driving scooter .
We have a lot of fun .
I have moved a lot in my life , as I said before that my parents are divorced and because of that I have moved a lot .
My favorite place on earth is Hawaii .
I will never forget that trip .
On our hotel there was like a water park , it was enormous .
That trip made me a lot of friends , I 'm still holding the contacts with them and this trip was two summers ago .
We all liked it so much so we are thinking going back there sometime .
there was this amazing beach , we could hire paddle boards , snorkel gear , kayaks and other fun water things . and one day my mom and I went out early and hired a kayak and went out on the water and we saw sea turtles .
I had hired a snorkel gear and a water camera , so I took pictures of sea turtle on the bottom .
After a week we went home .
My favorite book is the hungergames .
When I got it I read it five hours in a row .
I like that book so much because it is pretty realistisk and it can happen in real world sometime .
It 's pretty scary of all that happens in the book , all dead bodies and hurt people .
But if you haven't read it I suggest you to read it .
My favorite tv series is called Lost .
I have seen all episodes and I still watching it because it 's so good .
I like it so much because it 's dramatic , action and adventure .
It 's does actually reminding me of my favorite video game , which is called Minecraft you must have heard about it .
Everything is made of blocks and you can build and play with friends .
I have played many sports in my life , like football , golf and tennis .
I have played tennis since I was four years old .
But I played basketball and my tennis at the same time , so I chose basketball , because I think it 's fun .
Visiting museums is essential parts of their travel to new places for many people .
Besides seeing touristic or historical places , and attending open air activities people also want to see museums of the city they visited .
Because museums offer so many interesting and different things differ from other places in the visiting city .
First of all , people visit museums to learn history of the visiting city . We know that museums generally established to expose special and unique belongings which are historically valuable as well as to expose modern belongings .
These old things in the museum give us unique information about the history of the city and its social life .
For example , when you go to Metropolitan museum of art in New York city , you can see lots of historical monuments and items belong to American history and also other countries ' history .
Observing these items you can get idea about the old times of the visiting place .
Secondly , museums are places from where you can learn culture of the visiting city .
Many items in museums has cultural value beside historical value .
For instance art museums include art collections such as paintings from many different artists .
Some of them were made in modern style and some of them in classic .
You can get idea the culture of the city from these paintings .
Third advantage of visiting a museum is that you can have fun visiting a museum .
Beside historic and cultural characters , some museums also can be source of fun including attractive activities .
If you bored to see classic museums you can go to thematic museums such as natural history museum .
There you can see dinasours from old ages .
It can be amazing to see different sprecies of animals which are no more live .
In sum , museums are attractive places for tourist to discover about the city they visited .
By visiting museums we can learn interseting details about the history and culture of that society .
In addition to having lots of information we also can have fun to see interesting things in the museums such as huge dinasours . You may feel incomplete if you do not visit the museum of the new place you travel .
I ca n't agree with a statement that there is no future for public transport .
Today plenty of ecology organisations are trying to raise people 's awareness of the environment defilement .
They say it is caused by burning oil , so the society demands itself to enclose it .
It is often necessary to have a car when living in a small city or village without public transport , and it is understandable .
But while living in a big city , where there are lots of bus stops , tram stops or metro stations is quite incomprehensible that people want to drive their own car and be stuck at a block while rush hours .
As the ecology organisations says , it is better for the environment , and as we decided , it is better for us to save our precious time .
Increasingly people prefer to use public transport rather than to drive a car for these reasons .
It is not true that public transport has no future .
The bigger the city is , the more important public transport is .
And now , when cities are widening , public transport will be more important than ever .
The importance of internet on our lives
The last decades there has been an massive change been in our lives , this is caused by the development of internet .
This had been some positive and negative effects on the possibilities to study and on the social life .
In this essay I will describe some of those effects .
In these days a lot of student are using the internet as a study tool .
The internet allows you to search for information in massive online libraries for research and writing essays .
There are massive online libraries like Science Direct or Google Scholar to find publications of researchers around the world .
The internet is getting important for our study because of the availability of information sources .
The greatest impact of internet on our lives is the use of social media .
Almost everybody have at this moment at least one account on a social media like Facebook or LinkedIn .
The positive effect is that it is possible to be in contact with your friends and family whenever wherever .
One of the downsides you are not able to get away from your bully .
This could drive someone crazy and very miserable .
The greatest impact of internet on our life is the use of social media because you can get in contact with everybody around the clock .
The internet has a lot of consequences on our lives .
It makes it possible to study and do research easier .
Also it gives the possibility to get in contact with family and friends .
There are also negative effects like bullying !
I think we should use internet carefully and keep use it with cautious .
In my life there are too many sports i like to but there is one in particular that i love so much .
It is the football .
when i was born i saw my father watching every day football 's programmes but i did n't understand what it was .
However , overtime i begun to understand how to play and i liked it much more than the past .
In fact when i was sixteen years old i begun to go to the stadium with my friends every sunday .
In italy , football is the most followed sports , specially in my town where played the most important player of the world : Diego Armando Maradona .
He played for my town 's club : Napoli .
He wins two national championships and also an important european competition .
Every day in my town people speak only about football becouse it could give you a lot of emotions .
A football match is something special and you don t see the time that arrive sunday to watch your favourite club s match .
On the other hand , my advice that i give to someone who start this kind of sport is that he must do it with a lot of responsability and sacrifice if he wants to become another Maradona .
Nowadays , most people go by car every day instance of using public transport .
But , is it really necessary ?
Is it the best for the pollution and environment ?
In the morning everyone goes to their job by car but I think that the real reason to do this is that we need to do a lot of things durind the day and with public transport we spend more time than doing the same with our own vehicle .
But , I think that in other cases we take the car without any reason , it 's only a bad habit and maybe we could be changed it to improve our health ( going on foot or taking the bike for example ) and also we will help to the environment and the pollution .
For example , I 'm a commuter and also I need my car to pick up my daughter from the school in the afternoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't like the traffic then when I get away from the hustle and bustle of the city I usually go to my village .
The car in my quiet village is not necessary and I feel really happy there .
Hello guys , my name is Matteo Davide and I love lot of things in my life , but the most important is one : play tennis .
I play this game four times a week in a really beautiful centre which is called ' Rai ' .
There are around ten tennis courts , one swimming pool , two football pitches and three gyms .
In my opinion tennis is the best sport because I 'm an individualist , so I prefer individually sport , because in these kind of game everything depends from you .
In others sports no .
For example during a foorball match if you wrong is n't too important because you have a team which can remedy , evin if ypu do nothing .
An other reason for loving this sport is that having a racket in hands , for me , is beautiful .
If you want start playing this sport remember that when you are playing every points are important and you must n't relax during the match , even if you are winning with a very big advantage because in a few minutes you could lose the match .
I hope this sport will have more importance in Italy in the future .
Dear Chairman ,
I am writing to you to raise an important issue concerning school library .
I look forward to understanding and I hope we will reach a consensus .
First of all , it is very important to me to determine the basic problem of our school .
For many years we , pupils , have been waiting for library .
Yet , it has still not been built .
Together with an unofficial Student council create a petition which is to raise the issue among teaching council .
Our priority is good preparation for secondary school certificate .
For this purpose we need a quiet place to learn .
Moreover pupils demand is the possibility to borrow books .
It is the most important matter , because most of us is not able to buy highly educational books .
They are simply too expensive .
Our request boils down to the fundamental role of education .
It is broadening the horizons of our knowledge .
Besides issues that have been already mentioned there is also undisputed fact that if our school had a rich computerized library , it would be more representative .
Given the rationality of the above arguments , we , pupils , expect a positive consideration to our request .
Respectfully yours ,
Piotr Dudek .
Our live has changed a lot from the last century due to the technological improvements and society changes .
But how will change the people 's life in 50 years ? .
This is a difficult question to be answered too quickly because we have to take into account that we have not enough knowledge at all to do it .
That 's why we have to describe some important ideas related to this topic .
First of all , as we said before the people 's lives have changed due two important elements which are the technological improvements and society changes .
The first one it is very obvious because every day the researchers are discovering new things and improving the scientific knowledge that allows us to create new invents and improve the old ones .
For example , one of the most important devices that has taken an important role in our lives is the mobile phone which has changed extremely fast over the last ten years .
Another example is the cars which are taking the same way as well as the mobile phone has done .
The second one is very important too because society has changed a lot as well as the people 's mind .
For instance , one hundred years ago was impossible to see a woman working and carrying on economically the whole family alone or studying a degree in the university , things that today are very usual and well accepted in our society .
In addition , there are other conditions and facts that has helped to change the people 's lives such as political decisions , global wars and global economical problems , etc .
To sum up , there are many issues that affects people 's lives and we do not know how it would change in the future , but we are sure that in 50 years from now it would be an important change as well as it happened these last 50 years ago .
Dear Mr Bond ,
I am writing to You in connection with Your request for information on an interesting building or place to visit in Katowice .
At first I would like to tell you that Katowice is a wonderful city , full of great places to see .
The most interesting is the art gallery Oko Miasta , which is located in the city centrr .
It is a very distinctive place because of its magnitude , its outsite look and its atmosphere .
What 's more , in the middle of the biulding there is a small library where people used to buy the newest books and papers .
It is a good place for everyone who wants to get some Polish literature .
Furthermore , in the biulding of the art gallery there is a club Oko .
Not only it is the popular place among young Polish citizens , but also it is very extraodrinary : people can walk the red carpet and drink the most famous drinks .
In my opinion art gallery Oko Miasta would be the best place You can visit with your group .
I recommended it because it is the best place for young people .
I hope my help was useful .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
XYZ
Hit and run
Do you like adventure sports ?
Or do you prefer the relaxed ones ?
If you have said yes , grass hockey is for you .
Grass hockey is a popular sport practiced among people of all ages and it 's more played in countries like Britain , Argentina or German rather than Spain or Italy .
This sport consist of beating the rival by scoring as many goals as possible .
In order to score you should push a small white plastic ball inside the goal using a stick .
In my opinion grass hockey is the best sport you can play as it requieres you to be really focused on to hit the ball correctly .
Besides , when you practise it you must move all your body , because you have to run and guide the ball through the field .
So now , if you 're thinking hockey is for you I recommend you to buy a pair or good grass boots .
And do n't worry if you are not able with sports that involve using a tool you can always be the goal keeper in your team .
It was the usual Friday afternoon .
Michael was home alone , spending time in front of the TV , watching his favourite movie .
While he was lost in the action , a strange and unexpected sound came from his sister 's bedroom .
He continued watching the movie , thinking it must be nothing .
Then there it was again , the sound .
" Hello , is someone there ? " , Michael asked .
Suddenly , a loud bang .
Michael reached for his baseball bat , ready to look into what was going on .
He tiptoed to his sister 's room , knocked silently , hoping there was no answer .
And there was n't .
" Okay , I think it 's time I go in " .
He slowly opened the door , and a cat jumped right in front of him . "
A cat ?
All this was caused by a cat ?
My sister should definitely close her windows , I am going out of this house , I should leave this cat here and let it ruin her things " .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Destination : Disney .
Do you imagine travelling to the United States ?
Have you ever gone to a place designated only for having fun ?
Disney is the dream of a lot of people in the world , many of them have said that it is a magic and awesome experience .
Firstly , Disney is not a common destination like beaches or mountains , it is a place that requireds a different means of transport since it is in a long distance .
The vacatios starts when the plane takes off and nerves and happiness blend creating an experience you will never forget .
When the plane arrives at the airport of Miami you can appreciate the beautiful viwe that thid place offers .
Secondly , The entrance of Disney is incredible and colorful , it also has the main characters in it .
Disney has such a lot of amusement parks whose makes this place fantastic .
Each of one has a different topic and amazing coasters perfect to adolecents .
Although this place offers a very good service to eat , you can bring your own food .
To conclude , Disney has so many facilities that it is impossible to get bord , you can relax in your hotel and have an unforgettable moment in the roller coasters
I do n't agree with the statement .
I think that public traffic will be more used in the future .
Indeed , it is true that travelling by car is much more convenient .
But cars need petrol .
Fossil resources are about to run out .
We have to therefore choose the other alternatives .
For the sake of that the public transport will be improved , instead of being replaced by cars .
On the other hand , more electric cars are produced every year .
This technology will be improved furthermore in the future .
This fact could keep the share of cars .
For the above reasons I suspect that the share of public transport do n't decrease rather increase in the future .
The share of cars could remain because of the electric cars .
But the form of using cars could change .
For example car sharing could increase in the city .
I 'm not addicted to films what so ever , but I prefer to watch the ones that are said to be good and stand out from the others .
Besides that , if I had to choose a type of film I would say , the comedian and the action ones are the most appealing to me if they have a real dramatic and coherent story instead of a fictitious and meaningless one .
Recently I saw some pretty good films called " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " Capitan Philips " , films that caught my attention since the first minute .
Honestly , they lasted for 3 hours but the most impressive of all this is that they were able to create a single world between me and the screen for all that time .
They really caught my attention , they had all the characteristics that I consider the basic ones in a film , not couting with the astonishing actors that made an impressive performance .
All I expect in a film is the way they establish connections between the actors and the audience , in a way that allows them to play with the characters like if they were puppets and to create a coherent and attractive film .
Dear , Sir / Madam
I am writing this letter regarding the announcement in the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I understand that you required for peoples have good English , energetic , cheerful and hardworking , who that are able to look after children among 8 and 12 , help organise sports and evening activities as work in the kitchen .
I have previous experience working with " ADRENALINE SUMMER CAMPS " coaching children how to play football for a football championship within the summer camps also organized other activities such climbing , running , competitions , expedition and other movement .
Moreover , help in the kitchen to prepare fresh food for children .
During the time I spent coaching , organizing and helping in the kitchen , I learn that the most important thing is to keep a positive attitude and always motivate them in every step of the way .
In this way , the kids are always up for the challenge and do not give up upon their first obstacle .
Y truly enjoy working with children to help them learn and improve their already acquired skills , especially in sports .
Hence the reason I am very interested in this opportunity to coach sports to children during this summer .
I look forward to hearing from you soon
Yours faithfully
Monica
Because of him I am what I am .
I think everybody knows the importance of having a person , who is always there .
A person that takes a fixed place in your life and without that person you ca n't live .
My best friend is called Christoph .
He is 1.80 meters tall and 23 years old .
He is a soilder in the military in thun , where he works as a teacher .
In future he wants to get a general .
We have met us years ago , when we were babies because our mothers were and are good friends .
He is a very honest person and has short blond hair and brown eyes .
During the holidays and at the weekends , he wears summer clothes .
As you can think he is a very straight person , who knows what he wants .
But he also can be harmfully and sensible .
For me , a good person to speak about everything especially about my problems .
Although we have many different views of the life we understand each other and are best friends .
Many people around the world follow passionately international sports events .
That could be a great way to stop international tensions , although crisis and wars still exist .
The most important events takes place in some different country every four years .
Of course during these events all the world watch it .
Sports in general are followed by a huge percentage of the population .
Usually I do n't watch sports match , I used to do that sometimes , but nowadays I 've been thinking that it 's just a waste of money and time .
Probably because I do n't like team sports .
I 'm keen on individual discipline .
I do n't want to appear too rigid but I 've seen too many times people forgot the real problem and think only to this thing .
People seems to be distract from their real life .
The point is that we have to make the world better not just sometimes , but forever .
During these events people seem to fall into a peaceful dream where all the country love each other without show racist feeling .
Whereas often we see bad behavior .
I 'm happy about that , but I still thinking that it 's not the truth .
Probably us , as human race necessitate of this kind of things .
I 'd prefer that people express their good behavior independently of international sports events .
On the other hand , sometimes I 'm feeling happy during this event because people seems to be so excited .
In my opinion we have to deal with a lot of other important point related to our culture .
I 've been interested in play an instrument since I was a child .
When I was young we used to have a piano in our dining room because my mother used to play that .
Latent fingermarks are commonly found at the scene of crime .
They are key corner in forensic investigation .
Persistence and uniqueness are the characteristics of the fingerprint .
Latent form of fingermark is invisible to human eye , hence need some methods for visualization and development of latent fingermarks .
Divergent approaches are used on routine basis for development of latent fingermarks .
Powders by adhering physically to the fingermark residue developed the latent , chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingermarks developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingermarks by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingermarks , ninhydrin reacting to amino acid of the fingermark and developed the latent marks , single and multi - metal deposition methods works on the principle of deposition and resulting in the negative development of latent marks .
so starting from powders to chemicals , all are in public eye .
New methods are continually added in the literature and shows the importance of fingerprints in criminal investigation system .
one can easily deduce information of culprits with partial form of latent fingermark .
Have you ever thought why we need sports ?
As we all know it is an essential part of our life .
I believe that nobody can do without it .
Firstly , sport is the best way to improve your immune system .
For example , playing sport at least two times a week prevents diseases and obesity .
What is more , if you want to get rid of depression or stress - go to the gym .
According to the scientific research mental health is closely connected to the physical one .
As for me , I am keen on basketball as it is my personal way to unwind and work out .
I am into it because it is quite catchy and spectaculous .
Moreover , it is considered to be one of the most active and popular kinds of sport all around the world .
To sum up , I believe that if you want to be mentally and physically fit - try to do some sport and exercise . Also do not worry if you are not so good at it , just keep doing it and enjoy yourself .
Plants have been widely used by almost all cultures in past centuries for medical purposes that are commonly known as herbal medicines ( Izzo and Ernst , 2009 ) .
These are defined as plant - derived substances and occur naturally with no or minimal manufacturing processes that manage and remedy various health conditions effectively ( Bent , 2008 ; Tachjian ; Maria and Jahangir , 2010 ) .
Although , herbal medicines have significantly performed well in the treatment and management of illness , people have increasingly consumed these products via self - directed therapy .
This essay will discuss that there is considerable evidence for the possible detrimental influence on public health due to the increasing use of self - prescribed herbal medicines and that a health crisis is likely if no action is taken by health organisations .
The most recent thriller I 've seen is " The Miserables " .
However , I 'm not referring to the musical nor the intermediate version ; the oldest version is the referenced one .
It is a movie that has presents a lot of richness in characters and historical facts .
You are able to analyse human emotions and rationalise moral situations , so it is a movie that provides a lot of factors .
I found it very exciting because it shows a pre - revolutionary era when Jean Valjean is sent to work as a slave for stealing a small piece of bread .
After he ends his sentence , he has to solve many moral situations that prove who he really is .
It is very profound too , because it shows you problems that could happen but in a minor scale .
What really makes the difference is if you choose to help others or not .
I think people who read the book ( written by Victor Hugo ) , who are interested in this historical incident , or who merely want to analyse human relationships must see the movie .
This is due to the fact that it will teach a lot about the French daily life and about what inspires people to improve and cause good .
As the man left the café , Maria saw that his phone was still on the table .
Then she took the phone and ran out the café .
The man was so far from her that she had to run very fast towards him .
Suddenly , the man went back and looked at her .
She noticed he was Robert , her first boyfriend , but he looked like an angel .
In fact he wore a black suit and a lovely linen tie .
Maria could n't hardly say anything , she was shocked by Robert .
Then Robert smailed and giving his hand towards hers said : ' I have missed you a lot ' .
In purpose of building more necessary networks of housing and transport , areas of farmland , forest and wetland have to be destroyed by many countries today .
Such large - scale building projects has created a large amounts of problems for both human beings and animals .
As to people who make their livings by selling the products they obtained from farmlands , forests and wetlands , they will lose their sources of incomes .
In addtion , farmers , huntsmen , fishermen and any other people that are used to living by such areas have to move to cities and try to find new jobs .
They are less likely to find good jobs because most of them are not highly educated .
As a result , they will not make enough money to afford their livings in urban areas and even face problems of poverty .
Meanwhile , wild animals which take forests and wetlands as their habitas will lose their homes and find it difficult to survive in jungles of concrete . Endangered animals will be harder to be found after the destruction of their homelands .
Also , there will be no fresh grass and grains for domestic animals , such as cows , lamps , chichen to be fed .
To reduce above problems , it is necessary for governments to plan carefully before construction of builings and transport and try their best to decrese the side effects .
They should provide economic support to those who once lived in such destroyed lands and help them improve professional skills to look for good jobs .
Meanwhile , they need to build natural reserves for wild animals which can not easily find another habitats to live .
Although there will be many bad influences of large - scale building on people and animals , the countries would develop better if governments could take efforts to solve above problems .
I agree with the statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Personally for me shopping is very pleasant , but sometimes it can be a little tiring .
In my opinion is a few advantage of shopiing .
First of all , if we are in shops , we can buy everything we want .
Another good point of shopiing is fact , that it could be relaxing for some people .
I like buying some clothes or cosmetics .
It give me some pleasure and fun .
Anyway , it 's also some disadvantages of shopping .
Michael was a 23 years old boy , who wanted to be famous artist .
He had very good talent but no one understood his creative mind .
Everyone considered him as a crazy and boring guy obsessioned by his passion ; except Kate , his only best friend , who encouraged him every time he wanted to let his dream down .
At that time Kate was working in an international advertising office .
It was a really busy and hard period for her because her costumers of every part of the Earth wanted something new in the subject of art .
They wanted something that could be traditional and revolutional at the same time , something that could give a new vision of the reality and Kate started to bring some information about many artist .
One night she was working at her home ; she was in difficulty because no one satisfy her clients .
She started to be a little bit nervous , she was n't able to find any solution when , suddeny , she remembered that Michael 's art had the features requested by her clients .
She immediately took the phone and called Michael and she started to explain her project .
Michael was very excited because he finally had the possibility to introduce his view of art throut his pictures .
After lots of meeting and conferences with the representation of China , Japan , Usa and Oceany Michael began to be the man who he dreamed since he was a child .
Now he was famous and everyone respects him .
Everything was going good except his behaviour with his friend Kate .
He started to be very rude and sometimes he treated Kate like an inferior girl .
On day the two guys had a terrible discussion .
Kate accused Michael that the celebrity made him blind and Michael did n't want to listen to her .
Kate was really angry and she oredered to him to leave her room immediately .
Kate was crying a lot but Michael run away .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Enjoying outdoors in my area
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to propose the best places for visiting and to show the wide range of existing facilities which can be used by young people who are going to make a trip to my area .
What Places you can visit
There are many parks and green areas close to this city where young people could spend their time outdoors and having fun during all day before going out , such a park called : San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people are used to having barbecues there , after they had done any water sport or rented a boat .
In addition there are many public transport which could drop you off in front of the park .
where you can have an amazing night
We have an active Nightlife in this city , live gigs are performed from Wednesday to Sunday in several pubs with free access and our cinemas have always had a good movie listing
Whenever I hear about famous actor or singer complaining on photographers following them , I ca n't get a smile off my face .
What 's a description of a famous person ?
Most of the people know a lot about him .
So do n't tell me that famous people do n't enjoy being on the first page of the newspaper or any other magazine .
In my opinion the fame is a need for actors and musicians of the popular culture .
Despite the fact I said that famous people need to be well known , I think that ca n't be applied on politicians .
The personal space in their life should be larger than in a movie stars , but they should make their descisions transparent for most of the population tho .
It is their work to make descisions that ensure the benefit of the people in their country , but we do n't need to know nothing else about them , after they come home to spend some time with their families .
Computers and Information Faculty
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Letter of Recommendation
To Whom It May Concern ,
It is my pleasure to write a recommendation letter for mr .
Kadeer Abdul - hamied .
I have known Kadeer since 2012 , when he joined the faculty of Computers and Information , Fayoum University as an undergraduate student .
He attended my labs on " structured programming " course during the first year .
While attending my labs , he showed himself as an active and hard - working student .
We frequently discussed various hard problems in the scope of the course , and I was impressed by his analytical abilities .
He also attended my lectures and labs in " Java SE " summer training course .
He showed up a distinct and intellectual level among other students .
Also during this course , he had to work in a team and deliver a project as a requirement for the course .
He contributed excellent and innovative ideas during this project and he showed himself that he is an excellent team player .
Indeed I consider mr .
Kadeer as one of the most excellent and outstanding personalities among his colleagues .
I believe that Mr. Kadeer will perform very well and I strongly recommend him for " Google Student Ambassador MENA Program " .
Sincerely ,
Eng .
Mahbub Ezzeldeen Ganim
Assistance Lecturer at CS Dep . ,
Computers and Information Faculty ,
Fayoum University , Fayoum , Egypt .
Phone Number : + 200123456789
Email : Yj5kk@fayoum.edu.eg
Once upon a time , there lived a boy named Micheal .
He lived in a village near a railway station .
He was very naughty and was not much interested in his studies .
He was a very big menace and the villagers hated him because of his mischievious behavior .
One day while he was all alone at home , he thought of calling the fire force and lied and pretended as if his house was on fire .
People gathered around his house hearing him screaming out loud and within no time the fire force also arrived at the destination .
At the same time , his parents reached the place and seeing the big crowd and the fire force they got horrified .
They ran towards their house , worried for their child .
Every one was shocked and no one knew what was happening .
Later his parents became very angry and even got him beaten up for his mischief .
His parents scolded him and made him make a promise to them that he wo n't lie ever in his life again .
He was even made to apologize to all his neighboring villagers .
He went to his room and felt very bad for what he did .
Micheal closed the door and knew at that moment , he had made a mistake .
last month i watched the Fast and Furious 7 , a film stared by Vin diesel and my favorite actor , Dwayne ' The Rock ' Johnson .
this film was about the previous roberry which had been accomplished by Vin 's gangs leads to the hatred of a criminal stared by Jason Statham .
Jason statham was so strong and made all the gang feel terrible fear since dwayne Johnson was inroaded and heavily wounded .
the chasing of Jason Vs Vin was so exciting furthermore the walkthrough is designed where Vin vs Jason interrupted by another party .
However , both of them did not unite to face the intruder and continued to assault one another .
The end of the story when Diesel get cornered by Jason , spontaneously Dwayne came and fired jason with a machine gun .
The next scene was demolishing of the whole building as well as exploding of jason 's copter .
Finally , Diesel was found alive and get evacuated to the medical center , where Jason was broughted to the jail .
Vin 's family lived happily ever after because the enemy was eradicated and the rest were got jailed .
The film was the last movie stared by Paul Walker as in the film production process he passed away due to car accident .
This film 's Soundtrack , ' See You Again ' , was composed by Wiz Khalifa and dedicated to Paul .
This film will catch everyone 's attention because the scenarios , the action scenes , and drama beyond paul 's death are harmonized rigorously .
Moreover , the special effect which is displayed are so immense and lead us to feel the emotions of the actors .
Dear Marco ,
I am sorry to hear that you 've got to give up either sport or music .
I know how much you like both activities so just I suppose you are having a hard time .
Soccer has always been part of your life and memories of you kid kicking a ball bigger than you are still vivid in my mind .
I still remember the first day we went to attend a soccer lesson you promised me you never give up!. You dreamt of becoming a professional player and decided what your life would be like once you reached it .
You 've kept working on it for almost your entire life now and although you have not become a professional one you have never given up .
However , piano is also part of your life .
When I first introduced you to it you were quite sceptical of your possible achievements .
But again you never gave up and now you playing in the 3rd Orchestra in Town shows how big you are .
Proof that not only you are very determined but that piano was meant to be .
We have enjoyed music together for nearly 20 years and most of our good times are related to that .
As you asked my take what I tried to do was nothing but thinking of you as if you were my son .
I imagined the scenario with Mathew coming up to me and looking for some advice .
First off , I would take him to a long journey by car .
I 'd suggest we take some days off together and head for any particular place he would like to go to .
Then once we get on the car I 'd let the music we had planned before as the ideal background absorb us before uttering any words .
Only after driving for a while I would ask him to tell me what he 's been up to lately and if there 's anything he hasn't told me about but keen to mention now .
At that point I would let his talking go without stopping him from interruption .
I 'm convinced he 'll speak his thought at once without beating around the bush and all his fear and doubt will slip out .
By now he will be able to answer himself many questions he 's been troubling with .
All I 'll have to do is just point out what the main points are that he is too dull to see .
Because that 's what an outside criterion is needed for .
Someone else can just help you think out and be nothing but supportive .
Then he 'll be lost for words as much as he spoke and he will be willing to put the whole thing aside and just lose himself in some drinks , although he hasn't come to age yet for that .
Perhaps the next day he wo n't even be able to recall what the speaking was about but I 'm pretty sure that after all deep down himself he will know what best move on is to make ! !
Let 's talk about sports
Do you have a favourite sport ? I have !
I really enjoy volleyball and horse riding , although my favourite is swimming .
Have you ever tried it ?
You should .
It is a hard sport , but when you are it , you forget all your problems .
Swimming is a fantastic sport , especially in the Summer because in the water you can get fresh .
If you are starting this sport , you should n't be afraid of the water .
Do what you can do , and when you think that you ca n't do it , try your best .
You just need practise .
Everyone should have a sport , when you are doing it , you do n't think about anything more .
You just try to do your best .
Driving my own car seems really convenient for travelling , but public transportation is the most effective way to bring people from a place to another .
Try to imagine that , if everyone in the city has his or her own vehicle , we would be always late due to the terrible traffic jam .
In fact , travelling by car is not convenient when people have their own cars for their family or themselves .
The reason is that we have to wake up in the very early morning for avoiding the traffic jam to attending school , working , etc .
The main advantage of public transportation is that it can transport a large number of passengers at a relatively low cost .
For example , a bus can take more than 40 passengers one time at a low cost .
For another , the subway is able to transport a number of people around the city .
The second benefit of public transportation is that it can reduce the air pollution for a city .
Too many vehicles in a crowned city would increase the carbon emissions .
In conclusion , public transportation would still pay an important role of transportation in a city unless the environmental vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a city are managed well for accommodating a huge number of cars .
It 's really important that we do things we should do .
So , we can obtain certain benefits and more doors that can be opened easily .
There are some people that spend too much of their time doing nothing useful although others may say that it helps to be more relaxed in their lives .
Personally , people must dedicate most part of their time on things they should do for two important reasons .
First , you gain time doing essential things .
By doing so , you immediately take advantage of the time in your life doing something essential .
For example , when I was 17 , I was about starting my first day of class in the university .
I started to feel bored with complementary courses on my curriculum because there were the kind of courses that did n't have any help to my university career which is mainly about System Engineering , and I was required to take complementary courses such as Ecology , Laws , and so on .
But later when I graduated , I realized how important were those subjects .
I was able to explain something basic about Ecology that my grandfather had trouble with in the countryside when I went for a vacation .
That experience taught me how important it is doing whatever you are required to do - such as taking complementary courses - without rejecting it , because somehow it 'll be helpful later in the life .
Second , if you avoid doing things only because those do n't like you , you 'll miss opportunities .
You 'll dedicate your time only on things for personal enjoyment and it really will hurt you .
For instance , a friend of mine called Freddy was in a social club in the city , he was requested to do a running around the pool for 30 minutes .
He refused to do this .
After all , one guy decided to do the venture .
He ran for 30 minutes around the pool and when he finished , my friend started laughing at him .
Nobody had noticed that the president of the social club has an award for the runner , and he received an amount of 30,000 dollars because of his effort .
As you can see , my friend lost the opportunity because he did n't like what he was requested to do .
To sum up , it is a good decision if you do things that are necessary or needed at the moment though you do n't like it .
If you do essential things you gain time in your life at the same time .
If you would rather avoid essential or required things you 'll lose many chances to succeed .
So , we should focus our minds making the right decision and spend our time wisely doing what is most important .
Some people think that computers are the most important invention over the last century , while others think that are a lot of inventions over the history that are more important than the computer .
Personally , I think the computer brings many changes in the world , and is for that I think it is the most important invention .
Some people say that the computer change the way people see the world , and this change the way in which humans perceive everything that happens around the world or only in their social life .
For example , how one person can be informed what happens to the other side of the world with only a click .
For other part , other people only use the computer to have communication with someone , have entertainment with some movies , which can be from anywhere , or simply have some fun online with your friends that live abroad or are busy all the time .
In contrast , some people think that the computer is just one more invention in the history of humanity , and although they accept that is an important invention and changes the world , they prefer to say that exist inventions more important than the computer that nowadays we still use .
For example the paper or the wheel .
Overall , people are divided in what they think about the most important invention in the world and what changes these objects make to the world and humanity , I still think that the computer is the most important invention because it not only changes one part of the history like the parper or the wheel , it changes every aspect of the human 's life .
Personally I prefer different movies .
The choice always depends on my mood .
Most of the time I like to watch comedies , love stories and adventure movies because these types of films can help me relax after a hard working day .
I do n't like horrors because they always have a bad impact on my mood .
Therefore I feel more peaceful when I view something funny , adventurous and undemanding .
In my opinion , people watch movies because they want to spend their leisure time .
Movie companies offer all kinds of movies so everybody can choose something that he likes .
I think other media will fulfil these functions as well .
For example , books also help us relax .
Besides , we can learn something knew from books .
Dear Ms Hammond ,
Thank you for your reply , it was so useful , but I still have some doubts and I will be really glad if you could give me this necessary information .
First of all , I want to know what water sports do you offer , because our group of students would be probably interested in doing something related to water , for instance , surf , diving or sailing , due to the fact that they are used to being constantly in contact with the sea ( we live in Barcelona ) and , therefore , they develop a real passion for it .
In addition , I would also like to ask you about the type of equipment you can lend to do this kind of activities and sports I have just mentioned .
For example , for doing diving , are you provided of all the diving gear ( oxygen bottles , wetsuits , security elements , etc . ) ?
That is something really important for us .
As you said , the safety of the students is our maximum concern , we must be completely sure that you will take care of them , chiefly because most of the students are still young and we have a strong commitment to their parents .
Yours truly ,
Jennifer Barraza
In my opinion , this statement could be said for a person who lives in a city with little traffic or a person who prefers travel in a freedom way instead of being concerned about public transport schedules .
However , I do n't think that this affirmation would be correct for a person who lives in a big city , what is more if you take in a count the economic aspects .
The most common problem in crowded cities is that usually they have a lot of traffic jams , and this is because there are too many cars .
Since my view , to use the public transport in this case have two important advantages : the first one you do n't have to care about parking ; the second one you can move in a relaxed way reading a book , listening to music or talking with other passengers .
Nevertheless , having a car in a big city is quite expensive nowadays , not only because the petrol price is continuously raising but also you have to pay high taxes for the car .
In short , although travelling by car is more comfortable and easier than do it by public transport , it is not probably than in the near future they disappear .
Is it true that there is no future for public transport .
As i recognized there are severeal way to improve because we are trying invent a lot of thing every day .
You would not think but when you are just thinking you may have the chance to invet something new and useful for humanity .
Inventors work years to reach their goals they are working with their project like you every day .
So we have the chance to improve public transport .
Using new vehicles , travelling can be more comfortable and easier .Everyone in this world would have a better life .I am really happy when I simply see a new bus with air conditioner or anything which can make travling enjoyable .
Most of the people are frustrated or nervous because they have to use public transport .
If the bus drivers can follow their time table there wo n't be any argument .
Artifitual Intelligent is one of the best way , we can switch drivers to these vehicles .
They will only follow the orders and wo n't be out of time and there would not be any arguments .
In conclusion we have a lot of things how o improve .
We can also help by paying our tickets , yes this is simple but these companies need money to improve their businness .
Help theme and enjoy your travelling .
A hectic day .
It was raining cats and dogs when she realized that he had lost one of the most important things in her life .
Can you imagine what it was ?
In fact , probably it was n't a significant thing for most people but it was it for her .
It was a ring which was given away by her mother .
Probably that day was the worst day in her life , besides she hasn't got married , her sister had died in a car accident , It had been a terrified accident , her sister was driving from Ciudadela and she crushed into a tree .
She was outside the church when a friend of her called to tell the new about the accident .
If I had known that there were full of problems I 'd have gone on travel instead to get married .
Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm here to deny and explain everything about the case of my sextape , I went to a party with my football team - mates and we were having a whale of time then some girls arrived and I started to talk with one of them , I like her and she likes me so we went to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how but some guys get into my room and started to record my with the girl and I did n't noted then many days after I received a call from a guy that tell me that he have a very explicit video of me doing things with a girl and that if I do n't give him some money he will put that video on the Internet .
I think that he makes a wild goose chase he just bitten off more than he can chew because he does n't know me and I 'm going to make him pay for what he had done .
In other ways I 'll talk about Benzema , he is my friend for many years ago but I 'm not sure if he is with me or with the others guys so I want to listen to their version of the story so he is here to talk about that .
I 'm Nedar Benzema and I 'm blamed for Mathieu 's sextape .
One of my best friends called me two weeks ago .
He said to me he needed money .
I had n't got enough money so I told him .
I 'm gutted because he is my childhood friend .
He talked about a plan about Sanabria .
He set up plan and he made true .
He made a video his friend and Mathieu .
He asked to me how much money should I wanted from Mathieu?Then I asked him how much do you need?He said about one hundred thousand euros and after that I said " you can get it".With hindsight , I was wrong because it was illegal .
So now I regret that and I apologise for this situation .
The Number of the Beast was the third album Iron Maiden relesead .
The British band announced that the album was coming with news , a new singer , Bruce Dickison , joined the group and made the fans completely astonished by his nice - sounding voice .
Most of the songs show demoniac features causing serious concerns on the media .
The album 's name is from the song by the same name : The Number of the Beast .
In this album the drummer was really great and fantastic eletric guitar solos were showed too .
This oddly - named album became the most well - known on the history of the band .
I 'd say that was their best album and obviously they rock
I am living in Chennai one of the populated city in India perhaps one of the most polluted city in India too .
The city is dwell with people , cars , bikes and factories , which turned out to be one of the polluted city in India .
The infrastructure build for controlling and maintaining the environment ecosystem friendly is worst in other words government and people do not care about the environment rather they spoiling the environment drastically .
The government always says the statement they are doing their best to improve environment but nothing as done perhaps they corrupting people money in terms of various projects that controls the pollution of the city .
The government is not only one to blamed but also people who leaving here , who never cares of their environment .
They polluting more than factory does , by using plastic material , disposing wastes in public places and even some people tend to split and use public places as their toilet .
Although many factories and people is polluting the environment drastically but some people and organization is protecting the environment but most often these people are discriminated from society .
But they do n't care about this and continue with there work , often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generation and made some people to change the way look the city but often some most people do n't care about what they trying to say and sometimes these people are scold .
So far people do n't understand the consequence of the pollution but with in decade they will then the suffer and understand the consequence of pollution in their life for sure .
Dear Joe
I have seen your advertisement and I am more than delighted to take part in a summer camp as an assistant .
I am 19 years old and I have 2 younger brothers and a younger sister .
I think I have some experience with young children as I have to take care of my own brothers every day .
In addition to this I go to the gym three times a fortnight and I took swimming lessons for 3 years .
Also I had also taken some self - defense lessons and a climbing course over the Alps .
I think that I deserve to have a job here because with my swimming and climbing knowledge I can entertain the children .
And in order to help them defend themselves I can also teach them some techniques about self - defense .
Anyway I hope I will get the job and I am able to attend an interview at half past nine on Saturday .
Yours sincerely
Andrei
Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , Lula , is a myth .
As the only Brazilian president from unprivileged background , Lula has made history after running for four times for President .
Since he took up the office in 2002 Lula has made major structural changes in Brazil , taking out more than fourty million Brazilians out of extreme poverty .
During Lula 's era , from 2002 to 2010 , Brazil experienced an economic boom as never before and became a world 's economic power .
Democracy also had fundamental changes on that period .
To curb corruption new laws were created , instituions were re - structured and innovative mechanisms were developed to engage and give voice to the civil society .
Minority groups received more attention to protect their rights and investments in education , health and well being increased .
Curiously , Lula is the only Brazilian president without a university degree .
For the poorest Brazilians Lula and his history is to be proud of .
For the Brazilian elite it is unacceptable that Lula , a poor migrant from northern Brazil , overshadowed all the presidents and most politicians of their own , priviliged , university educated and careless about the real Brazilian problems .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to apply for a job in the USA I saw recently in your advertisement in a local newspaper from my city .
Further to our recent telephone conversation , I have worked as a babysitter with children aged 5 - 10 for five years .
Furthermore , I have worked in some important companies when I finished my degree in Journalism five years ago .
By the way , I had experience in the organization of sport and evening activities because at the university I did a course of Public Relations .
If you want to see my reports I can send you whenever you want or if you prefer to ask my teachers about me I can send you their phone numbers in case you want references from my job .
My teachers have said to me that if you want can write a letter about my experience .
I think I would be a suitable person for the job because I have a good level of English .
Thank you so much
Yours faithfully ,
Ana Fanucci
Most people like to drive cars instead of using public transportation .
In my country people go to work by own cars .
Students go to school or university by cars as well .
As a result of horrible traffic jams took place .
The government had to start a major public transportation projects in order to solve the problem .
Underground metro in Riyadh is one of those projects .
Long distance between cities makes it difficult to use cars .
Airplanes are the best way to travel through long distances .
It 's fast , easy , comfortable and safe way .
Buses are much more convenient for driving kids to schools .
transport workers by public transportation or by buses is more convenient for big companies .
Public transport is a must and cars will never replace it .
Public transport or travelling by car ?
I think travelling by car is a very comfortable way .
Yout do n't have to think about Bus timetables and gates .
You only can go to your car , sit in and drive away .
All what you need is a driving licence , a car and a little bit luck that there is no traffic .
If you go with a train , you need a ticket , that 's not very cheap !
You must know the timetables and at which gate the train will leave .
You have to be fast , if you want a seat to sit , sometimes the trains are full of people and you have to stand the whole way !
I think it 's right , that travelling by car will be more popular .
You drive the way you want .
You can stop wherever you want and there are a lot of other points to travell with the car .
I 've just finished reading 50 shades off Grey ....
It is really good , it is better than the previous novel FSOGrey , i really mean it , It is not porn , BE GROWN UP PLEASE , when you do nt want to read the " sex parts " just turn over the next every single page till it ends , that s all , i hve done like that to finish that novel , This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a sucessful business man , chairmen man with stricly unhappy childhood , and only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " which related to the his recently behaviour - BDSM and the girl was seemed very bored of rountine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life , Apparently , THEY were so diffirent from each other but somehow , some magic connecting them to be a very lovely couple .
It would bug me if s1 did nt read it to say that is a porn novel
The two maps depict the main changes which take place in Shipsmouth between the year 1995 and 2010 .
Overall , it can be seen that the city has became more modern , with more transport and entertainment facilities .
One striking change is that a new station has been built , to connect the north of the city with the city centre and the road has been pedestrianized .
In 1995 , there were green areas , however they were cut down and an airport and an apartment block were built in those areas .
Another interesting redevelopment is that factory was knocked down to make way for a shopping centre , and in the same way was for Church which was pulled down to take place for a pub .
The urban areas were demolished , to make way for skyscrapers .
A final notable change is that football stadium was erected in the south of the city in 2010 .
I like playing tennis .
I enjoy this sport because of its highly aerobic exercises .
Player is required to run all over the field to chase the ball and to return it to the opponent .
To win the game , a good strategy should be also applied .
One must recognize the field and the strengths , as well as the weaknesses , of his opponent to make a point .
Thus it is a game with a combination of brain and physical skills .
For people starting to do this sport , one can try to train individually .
A wall in a tennis field can be a good start to learn how to hit a ball .
It will be better of course to join a club or to get a trainer to guide .
Information about the basic theory and technique on tennis can be gathered in internet / books .
One should make the effort to practise regularly to make sure a continual progress .
Learning to do juggling will also be beneficial .
Many coaches advise their pupils to practise it for a better coordination of hand and eye .
But most importanly , one should enjoy all of this with fun .
I exactly do n't understand why people want to learn about private life of politicians and film stars .
I have to say that everybody has the right to have a private life although they are famous .
It means nobody should interfere with famous people 's lives .
Unfortunately , a lot of people are interested in others .
Famous people also have got needs .
Megastars can run into bushy problems .
These happenings are not strange .
Because all the people have got predicaments .
But public wants to see famous politicians and stars in every situation .
For example they want to see well - known people with her boyfriend / his girlfriend or want to see them in causal attire or want to see famous women without make - up .
On the other hand , should be considered this opinion : Some of big names are important for someone who has them like an ideal .
Society thinks that they haven't got weakness and lack of ability .
And media appear on the scene .
Media make use of this interest and thanks to this coin much money .
On the scene of TV , media closes their defects or removes .
And all the time follow famous people and their families .
Privacy invasion seems to be an absolute right of media .
However , being able to protect against an invasion of privacy is a fundamental human right of stars .
The government should give to superstars the right to protection of personal relationships and activities .
Ultimately , crowd - pleasing people also have got any civic rights just like everyone else .
Nowadays , many people prefer owing a car more than using public transport .
It is more convenient as you can travel straightly to the place you want to go .
Some may say that we do not need public transport anymore in the future .
However , I think public transport should be kept as it still have their values .
First of all , public transport provide the experience of the journey .
Public transport is not only bus , but also plane and ferry .
They give you the experience of flying in the sky or floating on the sea .
That is the experience can not given by car .
You can not know it if you only travel by car .
So I think Public transport should remain .
Last but not least , public transport can share the cost of traveling .
Public transport is for many people to go to the same place .
More money can be saved as the cost can be shared with the people who are going to the same place .
Third , public transport is good for the environment .
The pollution of many car is so much .
The air pollution make the climate change .
To sum up , public transport still have their own values .
The President of the United States of America Mackinley says that , regarding Cuba , he will not meddle until December .
The newspaper " Times " publishes an intercepted letter written by the Spanish Ambassador Dupuy de Lowe that will make him resign due to what he wrote about the USA .
Next to the blow - up of the North American steamer Maine , the Spanish commission created to investigate this explosion assures that it could n't be done from the outside , but from the inside .
On the other hand , the USA commission brings their results to the Parliament without previously notify their results to Spain and with the opposite conclusion of the Spanish commission .
However , the Spanish government does not agree with the USA 's conclusions and they request North Americans to solve this disagreement with an international arbitrage .
Later , the USA government affirms they do not want to conquer Cuba , but they demand Spain to sign an armistice with Cubans .
Mackinley ask for the arbitration of the Pope León XII in the conflict and Spain reclaims North Americans to get out of Cuban beaches in order to show their desire to put an end to the conflict .
The Pope requests the Spanish army to cease immediately the hostilities in Cuba .
Later , the United States House of Representatives approves a resolution to military intervene in Cuba if necessary .
The Spanish Ministry of State publishes a Memorandum relating all the events and conflicts made by the USA to Cuba until the publishing date .
In this Memorandum , the main events narrated are the filibustery crimes originated in New York and the change of attitude towards Cuba of the USA after the election of the president Mackinley .
Also , this Memorandum specifies the origin of the conflict , which resides in the letter written by Lowe and the blow - up of the steamer Maine , the latter being remarked concerning the USA rejected the Spanish proposition to carry out the arbitrage together .
The 21st of April EEUU denies the Spanish sovereignty over Cuba , the 23rd of April Spain sends the Memorandum to several nations and the 25th USA declares the war to Spain .
Since that day , the diplomatic relations between both nations will be suspended .
Keeping a Promise
Being able to keep a promise is a very important quality of a person .
It 'll show if you can be trusted or not .
So it is not just a fundamental element of being a good person but also effects on your society .
If you can keep promises to your friends , that mean how much you really care about them .
I know how important of keeping promises . I always try to keep them .
But the problem is I do really care about my friends , so I always say " Yes " to my friends , because I do n't want to disappoint them .
And then I always have a lot of promises to keep , and it also makes me too busy to keep them .
So keeping a promise is good , but the thing is : Do n't keep too many promises at the same time ! You should consider if you really can complete it or not .
That way you wo n't have lots of pressure , and you can be an honourable person .
I 'm glad you have graduated the school and that you have plans to go to the university .
It 's good for you to take a year brake before continuing with your studies .
This way you have the chance to relax and to think what is best for you in the future .
I 'm also glad that you want to visit my country . You 'll find that it is a very beautiful one .
Before I continue , please remember to write back with an exact date of your arrival so I can arrange some things with your trips .
I 'm going to make you a very nice ittinerary and hopefully we 'll also find something for you to work .
First I advise you to come and visit my hometown , because it is a nice one .
We 'll visit the Hall City Tower , the zoo , the citadelle and we also have some beautiful parks with a lot of green grass and old trees .
Then we can go visit the Fortress in Sighisoara which is the only fortress in Europe to be actually inhabited .
The next days we can go and visit a salt mine at Praid and The Bear Lake , which is a salt lake in Sovata .
I also recommend you to visit Brasov and The Black Church , The Peles Castle and why not The Black Sea .
We can go hiking and climbing .
I think you know that I have a friend which is a teacher .
He can come with us in our trip .
Concernig your working plans , I have an uncle who owns a farm , so I think we can arrange for you to work there .
I assure you 'll have a good time in my country .
I am going to wait for you at the train station .
My Husband ...
My husband is so annoying , sometimes he keep talking and talking without any goal , he drops his dirty socks and clothes all over the house and always shouting for lunch , he sleeps in the middle of good movies and important subjects and snores while sleeping .. all he wants to do is too eat and sleep
he says I shop too much but the fact is he does n't want to spend money , he stopped buying me flowers and chocolates and he stopped being romantic
after all of that he keep asking why I have changed with him !
The fact is he is not the same man I have married and that issue upsets me so much .
he keep saying I love you but I do n't feel it any more , I sacrifice my life in my lovely country for him and left my family to be with him but seems like it was one huge mistake as I feel like I am living with a stranger and he is nothing like the man he promised me to be .
anyway I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once especially that we have the most amazing reason to live for its our beautiful son our angel and amazing love of our life .
There are widely different views on the public transport future .
Despite some people would suggest that such service has no future because people are more rely on car as it is convenient , it is my personal belief that public transport should continue and has its future .
Two of the principle reasons for this are as follows .
Firstly , the society today are more concerned about environmentally friendly .
This is a worth seeing be concerned because air pollution has negative impact on our health and the ecosystems .
The more cars on the road , the more green house gases produced .
Therefore , public transport play an important role to mitigate global warming .
For example , if a bus can carry 100 passengers , at least 25 cars can be reduced on road , solved the problem of traffic jam .
In addition , scientists and engineers are working hard to invent and improve the vehicles , so they become less harmful to the environment .
The second argument is more related to everyone and has great influence .
For those who do not drive , public transport is extremely important .
There are thousands of students travel with public transport to school everyday because they can not drive and their parents do not have time to drive them .
Moreover , insurance , petrol , repair fees are very expensive .
Not everyone can afford it .
On the other hand , public transport is good value of money .
In conclusion , I believe that public transport should have future .
Professionals are continuing to develop a better vehicle to make it eco - friendly , and there are still many people rely on public transport .
Everyone deserves to have a private life , even celebrities and stars , who is a life and soul of the party during their working hours .
We all need a shelter , where we can hide from daily difficulties .
This is the only way to maintain mental health and not to fall into depression .
We can say for sure that stars and celebrities are also people .
It means that in everyday life they are faced with the same problems as we do .
What is more , celebrities as ordinary people need some time to rest and some time to build deep relationship with others .
As ordinary people they need someone to take care of them , someone to share their feelings with .
It does not matter what amount of money is in their accounts .
They are not able to buy real relationships such as friendship and love .
They can gain fame and admiration thanks to their skills but their stage personality is more like a powerful creation .
Sometimes in everyday life they are not even interesting in terms of character and appearance .
We all go through hardships and failures .
But this should not reach a level that it lets us fall into mental disorders .
That is why a private life is so important , especially for stars assessed all the time by society .
Hi ,
what 's up ?
I 'd like to tell you about the concert I was .
It was fantastic !
I 've met few nice people and we had a great time with them .
They showed me everything I should do .
I had to carry some musical instruments and install a software .
Then I helped with organization and selling tickets .
I love to help people and the best was I meet members of band and have the autographs !
Love ,
Aga
Learning new languages is becoming a priority for young people because most of them go to study abroad and work with foreign countries .
I believe that knowing more languages is always better . that way people have a lot more culture and are more knowledgeable .
Those are the people who know their way around life .
Another great reason for knowing languages is that people will like and respect you .
You will also develop your mind and learn new things .
So knowing a lot of languages could be very useful in life .
On the other hand , learning languages is not always practical .
It takes a lot of time to know any language fluently and it waists time .
Even if you learn a certain language and you do n't use it manually , you will simply forget it .
It turns out that learning a foreign language may be pointless .
In conclusion learning languages may be very handy but can also be a killing time activity .
So it 's nice to know other languages , but just those you will really need .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I saw your advertisement looking for a kids monitor , and I think I could be the best person to fill that position .
I have a degree in English and I would like to learn how the Americans speak it in real live .
For that reason , it would be a wonderful chance to learn amongst kids and adults in the USA Summer Camps .
I have worked at schools in Spain and I have first hand knowledge about organising sports and activities .
We could learn new activities from each other .
I am a good cook .
Although I have no title , I love cooking .
For that reason , I think I can help in the kitchen .
I could also share with everyone some Spanish recipes .
Nevertheless , I realize this is not the ideal reference .
See my curriculum vitae , enclosed , for more details .
I would love to answer any question you could ask through this email , qq@gmail.com , and this mobile phone number , 666666666 . I would be delighted to attend an interview whenever you see fit .
I look forward to hearing from you in the nearing future .
Yours faithfully ,
Indiana Jones
Michael went to a trip to Poland by himself .
At his 5th day of his trip , he hiked a very high mountain , but weirdly he never seen any people .
About 1 hour after he started to hike , he saw a big cave and there was a cozy - yellow glow inside the cave .
He went in and found an old man standing there .
Next to him were few dozens of doors and there were letters written on it .
The man spoke , " Welcome " .
He led me to a room which said ' Happy ' at the door .
When Michael stepped into the room , I felt something very fresh inside me .
It was like breathing in a forest .
I felt happy .
Really Happy .
The old man said , " You feel happy , Do n't you ? " Michael nodded .
He went on , " Every room have a feeling written on it .
That feeling tells you what you will feel inside the room . " .
Michael went into couple of rooms until I spotted a room written ' Anger ' .
He was curios about how he will feel when he goes into the room .
He stepped into the room .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I think , that everybody deserve privacy , including famous people .
They can barelly breathing with all those photographers around them .
I do n't know why people love spying famous people .
And magazines are full of those things .
Another useless thing are gossip .
Why are they even exist ?
Thay can really damage the reputation of someone .
I also think that the following famous people sometimes could be dangerous .
For example , when fan follow the cab , she or he could be hurt , because the traffic is really unpredicable or when there is a huge mass of fans , they could hurt each other .
My opinion is , that the famous people deserve a quiet time , when they are with their partners or with family , but also when they are just going to the supermarket or gym .
Yesterday I saw in the magazine photo of Sarah Jessica Parker on which she was walking with her dog .
The headline was : LOOK AT THE SARAH WITHOUT MAKE - UP , SHE LOOKS LIKE A HORSE !
My first though was : " God , let her live her life !
She is only a human being ! "
Why when men stalk a women they forbid him to come closer to her , but when a papparazi hide in car of celebrity , he will get a huge pack of bucks for the photos ?
I 'm going to talk about social networks .
Years ago , we used to get through with other people ringing up or texting messages by our mobile phone and as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate by social networks such as twitter , facebook , whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news , social issues by twitter instead of newspapers , for instance , it 's usually to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings news by his smartphone , an image so far from years back .
We also can have more knowledge about current issues by Facebook pages which are not considered appropriate by some TV programmes such as political discussions , strikes , economy ... As far I concerned , nowadays population know more about what 's going on in the world than in previous years .
One example of this could be North Corea or some Arab countries where their Government ban to have access Internet to citizens , in other words , they want to mislead about reality avoiding population could claim bu this nets or up in arms against their system .
On the other hand , we can get more information about our known and unknown people who are our friends by facebook , uploading photos at any time , taking a coffee , watching a football match or spending summertime somewhere .
So , this means we are getting less intimity and becoming more gossiping at the same time , as a consequence of sharing our lives on public sites .
You can follow to your favourite celebrities and have a direct interaction but this also has negative consequences such as some followers critise to them
Michael Xander is the famous team captain of Onix University , one of the most prestigious school in the Philippines .
He was born with a spoon on his mouth .
He has everything : the looks , the brains and the charm but he has never felt contented .
He has never been serious on the entire 17 years of his life .
Everything has been easy for him , he used to get what he wanted .
He thinks that life 's a game and he should surely win whatever it takes .
One of his favourite game is to conquer every girl he liked and break their heart .
But that was until he met Celine .
She was describe as plain Jane of the campus .
The never been noticed girl , Celine .
One day , in the silence of nowhere while Celine was reading a book she felt someone beside her .
It was a new thing for her knowing that someone had the guts to sit next to her because almost all the people on that school define her as a weirdoe .
' Excuse me ? '
She looked up and she was surprised seeing the stranger beside her is the famous Michael .
Curiosity was written all over her face . '
Yes ? '
she responded . '
I 'm Michael , nice to meet you ' he said ..
She was starstrucked .
She knows him .
Everyone in that school knows him and how flirt he is . '
Uh yeah . I know you ' she said .
Michael thought it would just be easy talking to this girl .
Seeing her that close makes him realised that she 's not ugly .
The word beautiful is not enough to describe her .
She 's gorgeous , if she would only take off her glasses maybe other people will notice it too . '
Nice then , do you mind going out with me on a date ? '
he blurted . '
No ' she replied .
This guy actually ask her out and she 's not that stupid not to know his intentions .
She stood up , packed her things and went out of the library .
Michael was surprised .
He had never expected that he would receive a no from this kind of girl that is even far from his type .
She just challenged him .
The past two weeks of Celine 's life changed in just a blink of eye .
Michael did n't give up on asking her out .
Rumors spread that easily .
She knew herself that Michael is just playing with her and she said to herself that she will never fall into his trap .
If he wants to play , then she will give him the best game he could and would ever have .
She 's going out with him .
Two months had passed since the day they dated .
Since then , everything went so perfect between the two of them .
Celine realised that Michael is not that bad and maybe those rumors she heard before were only rumors and they only wanted to destroy Michael 's reputation .
She baked a cake for him because she wanted to thank him for the flowers she received yesterday .
One of the things she knew about him is that Michael loves to surprise , that 's why she wants to surprised him too .
She 's on her way to the court where Michael was practing when she heard guys talking .
' Do you still plan on finishing our bet or the rumor is true Michael ? You have fallen to Miss Jane ? ' it was Nicolaih Heindric voice . '
I 'll do it .
Just be patient .
I ca n't wait to have that car of yours ' Michael said .
Celine knew at that moment that her world had fallen down .
Tears automatically falls down her face .
Everything Michael did for her was just for a bet .
The next day while Michael is on his pad watching tv , he heard his door bell rang , he was surprised to receive someone now .
The last time he remember he never invited anyone .
He would like to invite Celine but he knew she would decline to him again and he 's not ready to be alone with her .
Maybe he 's too coward to admit it but yes , he 's inlove with Celine .
He tried to deny it to his friends because he knew the moment he told them the truth Celine 's life would change .
He knew how Celine loves having her privacy , he knew the moment he admit to everyone that he loves her , she would never have her normal life anymore .
He just loves that girl that he would protect her from everything .
Even if it cost him hiding how much he loves her .
When he open the door he was more surprised to see who 's on the door .
His eyes looked automatically on how Celine looked today .
Is it only him or she was wearing a sexy dress ?
He opened the door wider and let her in with a big smile on his face .
Celine came in and kissed him aggressively .
The next thing Michael knew is that he is making love with this girl .
Everything felt amazing and beautiful .
All they could hear was them kissing . '
I love you so much ' Michael blurted after what they did then hug her .
He felt a liquid falling on his shoulders .
Is it raining ?
he asked himself .
He realised that it was n't raining .
Those were Celine 's tears . '
I knew everything .
Everything was just a bet right ? ' Celine said .
Michael got frozen . '
Everything that happened to us was too good to be true .
I should n't have believed you .
I should n't have believe that you will change just for me .
I 'm just so stupid to believe guys like you .
Now you have what you wanted . '
Celine said with a broken voice and a broken heart . '
Look away .
I 'm going to dress now ' Celine added .
Michael ca n't believe of what he had just heard .
The next thing he knew is that she was gone not only on his pad but from his life .
He just lost the girl he loved for the first time .
Micheal decided to get dress , he was on the way to the door when he saw a box of things he gave to Celine .
Tears started to fall from his eyes .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
In the presentday community shopping is one of the most important part of life .
For some of us trade is a thing for a living , but other people treat shopping like a good thing to spend time and they are enjoying it very much .
For me , shopping is not enjoyable and I am trying to avoid big shopping centres .
The very first reason for my disagreement is that I do not have enough money to purchase everything which I would like to buy .
Things are getting more and more expensive and I am really disappointed when I must go out of the shop with nothing and furthermore it gives me a big amount of sadness .
The next thing about unpleasant shopping are enormous lines .
Going for a few food - stuffs always end with an hour in a line .
No matter in what time you come to shop , you will wait .
The last , but not least reason against enjoyable shopping is that I have to travel a lot to a store in which I can buy everything I want .
Of course I might go to a few different shops , but without driving license travelling is tough task .
Carrying many heavy bags is not my favourite kind of spending my spare - time .
There are lots of good places to visit in Brazil .
Beautiful and important places for the history of this amazing tropical country .
Among all of them , one of the places you must visit in Brazil is the Amazon Theater , located in Manaus , the town of Amazon State , in the north of the country .
The building is important because it was built in the last century during the rubber age , when the city was one of the most richest city in the world .
Architects , builders , painters and sculptors were brought from Europe by ship as well as all the material construction that were necessary for its building .
It is a sophisticated construction , full of details , everywhere around the theater , from the floor to the ceiling , everything carefully fashioned according to that period .
Even if it has more then 100 years since it was built , all the original fashion are still there , intact , with all the luxury ready for everyone 's visit .
The place set out important concerts , presentations and international festivals until nowadays .
The theater is famous not just because of its age , but also because it was built in the middle of the jungle .
During the rubber age there was no urban life around the build , which is completely different from today of course since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that have the same age of the theater and is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families are used to go to appreciate the breeze in the end of a warm day and during the night .
It really worth visiting Amazon Theater in Manaus , taking pictures and having good stories to tell in your life .
Have you ever heard about it ?
If you live in a small village , you may know the sport I do .
Most of all Girls Play it in my village .
In big cities there 's a similar Sport called Basketball and this one is more for Boys .
Every monday we meet us in the sportshall of Mandach .
Before the lessons begin , we talk about the news in the village and do some exercise to get warm .
After our Trainer Nico shows us a lot tipps an tricks .
The reason I like this Sport is more or less simple .
I can Play it with good friends , it 's a funny Sport , but it 's also hardly and you can get to your Limit .
In winter we have some games every two weeks , where our friends are visitors .
In the last season we reached the second place .
If you want to know more about this Sport , do n't hesitate to watch a game of us .
You can find more informations also in the Internet .
To sum up I hope to see you soon by a game .
In the reading passage , the writer provides several theories about the purpose of the carved stone balls .
However , the lecturer points out the problems in all his assertions .
Firstly , the author holds that the stone balls were possibly used in hunting or fighting .
In contrast , the professor argues that they were impossibly weapons because they show no damage .
If they were used as weapons , they should be broken up or divided into pieces .
Secondly , the writer claims that the stone balls might be us as standard weights to measure .
Nevertheless , the lecturer contends that the theory is indefensible .
The main reason is that the craved stone balls are different types of stones .
It is because different stones have different densities that their weights are different though they are uniform in the same size .
Last but not least importantly , the author asserts that the stone balls might serve a social purpose .
The professor , however , does n't think so because the the designs of the stone balls are too simple to show the important social status .
Moreover , in general , artifact of social symbol is buried with its owner after he or she died .
However , the craved stone balls were not found near any graves .
To sum up , the professor totally disagree with the statement in the reading passage .
Life is changing every day and in the next fifty years a lot of things will happen .
Science is developing very quickly and nowadays scientists are discovering new things .
In the future some dangerous diseases such as Cancer or Aids will be treated , and there will be no worries about them .
I think people will not go out of their homes to buy goods and foods or clothes , because professional robots will be invented and they will do anything that you want , and they will obey your orders .
However , this can cause a problem for human and some people will face to the threat of compulsory redundancies .
I would say that some problems will happen and people will lose their jobs .
I assume that another problem will be robots , because little by little they will capture the world and they will become human 's enemy , and that would be one of possibilities in the future .
In conclusion , I would say that developing is not very good for human , and little by little the world will be demolished by human errors .
I hope the world will not being destroyed by human , but in the end everyone knows that the entire of the world will be ruined and nobody will be alive .
' The Go - between ' by L.P.Hartley
This is an original and moving love story that has people agaisnt the relationship between the main characters .
And this story was told from the point of view of Leo Colston the lead character .
Moreover , the whole story happens in the 20th century during a trip that Leo does and calls it the best century of his life .
Leo is a kind of popular boy at school as he invents special spells and shows them to his schoolmates , but everything he knows change when he 's invited to the house of Marcus , who is his partner at school .
So there he meets the oldest - gorgeous Marcus ' sister and he immediately falls in love and since then the go - between appears in the story .
I think everyone will enjoy this book because it shows a typical way of behaving in the 20th century , their daily - routines and the things they do to have fun .
Besise this , it tries to give us a real idea of what an innocent child may do to help people without being told the real truth .
This paper is a review of scientific researches , including magazines , newspapers , websites and others ; with the purpose of exploring ecotourism , presenting the tourist attractions and beaches to people , in order to call it to their attention in relation to the commercial promotion and local development , where a lot of people do not know the natural beauties of our city .
Warning the responsible departments how much they can do to the city in relation to employment opportunities , tourist atractions , enrionmental education , ecological preservation and make it as the best touristic city of Litoral Paulista .
Throughout the marketing and advertising , we want to encourage young people who enjoy surfing the dissemination of the best beaches of this city to practice it with others that may have .
Preserving , exploring the trails and beaches , encouraging extremist sports are what we believe that attractives to tourists of this wonderful seaside city are .
Key words : ecotourism , marketing , track , the Guarujá beaches , tourism .
In today 's world people use public transport in every aspect of travelling .
Nevertheless , travelling by car can be posing a real treath to public transport because it is much more comfortable .
Firstly , having a car makes travelling much easier .
People can go wherever they want and whenever they want without thinking of buying a ticket or getting to a station on time to catch a bus or a train .
Car gives comfort because you can personalise your space and your ride .
All the same car is also necessity today , because very often that is the only means to get to where you need to .
However , public transport is not threatened by car .
First of all , too many cars make towns crowded and create traffic jam , which is counterproductive .
Secondly , one car is making as much pollution as one bus which transports many more people .
In my opinion , public transport is secured in the future .
It will even get more popular because it will be faster , modern , and cheaper than a travellng by car .
It was the worst night we had ever had .
We had never gone to Michael 's house before .
We were thinking that meeting there we will have a funny night in friends , but we were very wrong .
When we arrived we saw an old house where Michael lived .
He was waiting for us outside .
At first , we did n't think that something bad was going to happen .
When we got inside his house , we saw a lot of old pics on his wall , it was like a horror movie !
Michael looked very nervous too .
After a while , when we were playing one of his Computer game , we heard a scream coming from his garden .
There were two bodies in that place .
They were Michael 's parents , his father was dead , but his mum no .
Then , Michael tried to hide their bodies in a room , without knowing that his mum was alive .
When we saw that we escaped as fast as we could , and we saw as his mum walking to find Michael , like a zombie .
In the end , We heard Michael 's scream .
We never see him again , I think that when Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
The best thriller I have ever read
It was long time ago when I have read this book but it was so good and exciting that it 's still in my mind .
That 's a novel written by Sidney Sheldon called ' ' If tomorrow comes '' .
There is also a film based on the book .
It talks about an ordinary young woman who has everything she needs in life .
After she finds out that her mother has committed a suicide because of some kind of fraud she decides to revenge her but she gets into a prison .
After she comes out she decides to make another revenge because of the same reason .
This book is very exciting because there is a lot of things that are happening and it 's not monotonous at all .
It has a lot of intrigues and a lot of to think about what 's going to happen next .
I would recommend this book to the people of all ages because it has something for everyone .
It is serious enough for the older ones and it has a romantic side for the younger ones .
It is a really good book that should n't bee missed .
Dear Sir ,
I hope this letter finds you in good health .
Recently , I have seen an advertisement about a job .
I think I would be the right person for such job .
The following are worth noting about me .
I have taken courses in the last 2 months in an organization that prepares activities for children aged between one to 15 .
This organization taught us how to deal with children , and how to make their lives happier and more joyful .
There main aim is to make the children over the moon .
In addition we were also taught how to organize sports and activities for them in a way they will enjoy .
Moreover , sir , I have taken courses in cooking .
I believe that I am suitable for this job as I have huge experience about what is required . I would be on top of the world if you allow me to be one of the team .
Believe you will never regret choosing me .
Sincerely ,
Razan Salib
Everything happened that summer I spent in Egypt .
My mother had found a new job in some ancient ruins , right in the middle of the desert . I should mention that she was an important archaeologist , known all over the world , and she had to travel to every corner on Earth .
I used to spend my whole holidays at my grandparents ' country house , surrounded by green fields , forest and rivers , but when I turned eighteen my mother thought I was old enough to take a plane on my own and stay with her for a month .
I did n't expect to find anything else than sand , heat and tourists on my way across the desert , even though I was leading myself to a patch of water among leagues of wasteland , the oasis of Faiyum .
Finally , my plane landed in Cairo almost five hours after I had left England and I had to remember that the time there were two hours in advance .
When I managed to reach the outside I had a taxi waiting for me , probably sent by my mother , so at least I did n't have to look for another one in the stifling heat of the city .
On the other hand , the taxi did n't even have air conditioning , so I spent the two hours of the journey trying to fan myself with a magazine I borrowed from the driver .
I reached the hotel well in the afternoon , nevertheless , the air was still oppressive and hot like at midday .
Even though I had to bear the climate , I was happy with being able to see my mother more often than I used to in past summers .
I had n't met her since the beginning of last February , and that was five months before then .
Introduction
The aim of this report is to give some tips for tourist who come to the city . I will provide you with some pieces of advice about shopping clthes in the city as long as some recommendations .
Fashion and luxury
In the city there are many fashion shops where you can get the most trendy clothes . You must be aware that maybe you will spend more money than expected , but if you are a shopaholic , it will woth it .
NANY 'S has party dresses and wonderful shoes that you can use on special occasions .
You would fall in love with them as they are pstel colured .
In addition , they often have discounts and offers , so you can get some bargains is you look into the wardrobes .
Linda is a modern shop where you can find the latest fashion in Milano and luxury complements from the most known companies .
Clothes at short price
Every Monday there is a street market in the central square .
Despite they are not new clothes , they are usually trendy and with high quality .
If the idea of a street marke does not seduced you , I recommend you visiting a is a little shop in Saint Peter street , The Old Bag , where you can buy bags and other complements such as umbrellas , gloves and scarfs .
In addition , The shop is very cheap and you can take a cup of coffee iside meanwhile you are shopping .
Recommendations
If you are a fashion lover you should visit Linda and Nany 's .
I recommend you having a look inside just in case .
By contrast If you are more lickely to save money , the best option in the street market .
I suggest a quick visit to every shop and make comparations in price and quality
A group of young people from abroad will be visiting my home town for three months .
This is a short report which will include my recommendation about the most interesting places in my town for them to enjoy .
I have chosen two most popular places to have a good time in my town .
The first place would be " Culture Centre " and the second one " Sports Centre " .
In the " Culture Centre " your young visitors will be able to join daily cultural activities , such as theater , cinema and drawing classes , whereas in the " Sports Centre " they will have an opportunity to join many sports activities , such as bowling , swimming , athletics and karate classes .
Additionally , since the young people are going to stay in my town for a few months , I suggest that they should subscribe to a Polish language course .
It is very helpful to be communicative in Polish language at least on a basic level .
The course would be three times a week only , and fully paid by the Polish government .
The course will give your young visitors not only a lot of fun but also a general knowledge about Polish culture and eating habits as well .
In short , a trip to Poland will be an unforgettable experience for your students .
However , they should be aware of high costs of living in my town .
When I think in food the first thought it comes to my mind is ham , it brings back memories of the Christmas 2012 .
I have fond memories of those Christmas because of the ham and my niece .
In recent years , I have been buying the ham in a shop in Cáceres which is hugely popular and I really enjoy seeing that my family is delighted , but overall I enjoy seeing my niece , who is still a child , eating ham .
Every year , in my house , we play the same role : my mother and my sister prepare different plates for Christmas dinner , and I am highly probably the responsible for carrying those plates from the kitchen to the dining room , because the rest of the family is lost in their conversations trying to save the world .
It was while I was coming in and out from the kitchen I found my niece standing on a side of the table eating ham .
I do n't know how she took the plate from the centre of the table and put it in front of her , but she had started to eat it , without asking anyone .
It was an unforgettable moment , I was looking at her slightly excited because she was eating alone without help and fast , which was and still is unusual coming from her .
If there were more buses or trains at any time ( also in the night ) , it could be convenient using them and letting the car in the garage .
Unfortunately it 's not possible because of the costs that the Economic System would be compelled to support .
So people often prefer using the car and paying for oil instead of the bus ticket but having more advantages : not to be constricted to wait for the buses and not to have to take a taxi in the night when they come back from the disco , for example ..
Recently , in many towns , there is also a new system for moving around the city .
It 's called " City car " or " Car Sharing " and it consists in sharing a car , using it for our movements and then letting it in every part of the city in the dedicated parking .
It 's a cheap service and it 's very appreciated from people who needs car not every day but only for a little time .
So I think that in a short time , cars will take the place of the public transport .
The Internship , a film of Shawn Levy with Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn .
In this film there are two not younger men who have lost their work .
They sell clocks , but at a certain time their factory had closed .
They have to find another work .
It is n't easy finding another work for them because they are alone able to sell .
In the beginning , one of them , looks for a job asking to the boyfriend sister , but fortunately his friend convince him to find another work .
One day , finding on google , the two friends discover that google looks for new people to employ in its company .
They send their curriculum .
Of course they are much more older than the other candidates , and when the staff control their curriculum only one member confirm their candidature .
Despite everything they could take part to the competition .
The google agency arranges a lot of people , and declares that only one group will have the possibility to win .
Of course when the groups arrange themselves , the two old men remain alone and they are forced to create a group with the discards .
Of course , on paper , this group haven't chances , but the events will demonstrate something of different .
This film is interested because it drafts work problems but not only for this ; it also transmits some important values like , the importance of the solidarity , the group cohesion and the importance not to lose the fait in dreams even if the situation is withstands .
Of course there are also negative observations about this film : for example there are some pornographic scenes in the middle of the story : they are n't interesting and they during so much time .
In addition some situations of the film are taken from the high school movie .
In conclusion this film is plain and a little discounted but in the same time light and funny film to watch during the summer with some friends .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very happy to hear that you have chosen to come to my country ! I 'm sure you 'll love it because you had a great time the last time you came .
If I were you , I would start in Catalonia and I would catch a train which describes a wonderful route .
You travel around all the Spanish coast and you end your trip in Madrid .
So you can see nearly all Spain in a month and it is quite worth , according to my best friend .
The problem is that you have to book the hotels you want to stay so yoou need some time to prepare it .
You should bring summer clothes because it 's very hot at his time of the year , and some jackets since the north of this country can be a little chilly too .
As you know , my father runs a tour agency which needs some new staff and they are looking for people who speak at least three languages .
I think you 're suitable for this job as you can speak German , English and French .
It is well - paid although you have to spend hours and hours under the sun , but it 's a good idea .
It may help you to choose what to study at university as I know you haven't decided your mind yet .
If you do n't like this idea , there is an excellent website which offers a lot of jobs and maybe you find something interesting .
I enclose for you the name in this e - mail , I think you should take a look !
Please , tell me when you make a decision .
Yours sincerely .
I think that there are different types of famous people .
The most are famous because they expose their private life and all their interests are to making money .
The rest of celebrities are artists or good workers .
They do not think in money or fame , simply they enjoy working .
On the one hand , I agree with the statement because everyone has the right to maintain a private life .
It has to be uncomfortable to go out of your house and find some reporters or paparazzi waiting for you to asking or to taking photos .
If something changes in your life will be a notice in television , and people will invent rumours about you .
Not know if people take interest in you because they are real fans or is a person who wants to take advantage of you .
On the other hand , I disagree with the statement because if they are public people , fans will interest in them .
There are celebrities that sell their life in television and then do not want to journalists chase them .
There are other famous people who not appear in television and they are chased by reporters .
This is the result that something new has occurred and they want to collect information .
It is impossible to take a private life if you are a celebrity , because people who love you want to know about your privacy .
To summarize , if you expose yourself to television you will not have a private life .
The best way to keep it is not be a famous person .
To whom it may concern ,
I would like to apply for the job of instructor in the USA Summer Camp as advertised in the newspaper .
Last winter I had been working as a coach in my basketball team with kids about ten years old .
I have formation in basketball and Physical Educations .
For me this is very pleasant because I like being with children and it is a challenge for me .
Moreover I am very active and hardworking as you request .
In addition I am very funny and always I am joking .
It is not a problem for me to work in the kitchens because I cook on my house and I think I do very well .
I think this job is perfect for me because I love children and sport .
Also I feel that I can be a positive incorporation in the Summer Camps .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely
Enric E.
Have you ever thought about how the home of the Future would look like ?
It would be different from nowadays ?
Many of us think that the home of the future will be exactly like in our favourite sciean - ficions movies or books , for example , " Solaris " or even " Star Wars " .
House , which in we will be life in the future , would be full of complicated to use computers and robots .
Televion of the future will be amiazing , because it will have a 3D projector , what makes that movies will look extremely realistic .
Remarkable will be of course robots , which will help us in every day responsibilities , for instance in cooking delicious dishes , cleaning every thing in the house or even in washing and ironing clothes .
To be perfectly honest , ever human - being is dreaming of the home of the Future and ever dream is an individual , but in the future , our dreams will come true ?
Hi ,
Whether you want to visit some interesting place or building , you should go to our zoo , which is near Zlín in Lešná .
There is a nice old chateau and a lot of animals , which are from the whole world .
You can see for example tigers , lions , zebras , birds , pinguins or horses .
In the chateau is an exhibition of snakes and spiders .
And the reasons for visiting our zoo ?
It 's a beautiful place for every generations in nature and you can spend there all day .
If you were hungery , there are some restaurants a fast foods .
But the main reason is , that Zlín zoo is one of the biggest zoos in Czech Republic and , in my opinion , the most beautiful .
Please write to me back and tell me , if you like the zoo or if you went on other place .
Love ,
Jitka
It is argued that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
On my opinion sometimes stars ' behaviour is very suprising .
To illustrate my point of view I want to give some examples .
On the hand famous people intend to protect their private live , but on the other hand they want to be followed by paparazzi .
First of all being on the covers of rags help them make their more attractive for directors .
The other reason is that actors want to be recognisable , because popularity give possibility to earn more money .
Hollywood fees depend not only on skills but first of all on fame of this person .
Film stars have very duties for example going to the parties organized by other people from show buissness .
Dear Jeff ;
Hi , How are you ?
Honestly , I do not like Nature Programmes so much because they are so boring !
I personally like Sports Programmes and Comedy Shows , because I love sports and also enjoy having a good laugh .
My favourite tv shows are " Hablemos de Football " , " Sports Center " , " Fox Sport " and " The Simpsons " , all these except " The Simpsons " are about sports , mainly football , basketball and rugby .
And as a sports lover I am glad to be informed about the latest matches of the international leagues like the " NBA " , " Premium League " and also the " National League " because of my deep love of sports .
I watch tv about 5 hours a day and in the weekends about 6 hours because I can stay in bed till late .
I watch some football matches repetitions and Comedy Shows .
What about you ?
How is everybody there ?
What is your favourite programme ?
And I would like to know what is the most popular programme among teenagers in your country
I hope you will write back soon .
Love ,
Lautaro
House no 26
Lal colony
Jabalpur(M.P )
2nd January 2017
Dear friend ,
Thank you for inviting me
to your engagement party .
I am very happy because you are finally getting engaged .
You are very lucky in choosing life partner I have seen your life partner she is so beuityfull .You both have perfect match .
You both are like Romeo and juliett .But I am really sorry I am not coming to the engagement party because my mother is admit into the hospital .
She has an accident today .So I have to stay here for her care .
Once more I am saying sorry .
I think You are understanding my situation .
We will make soon another plan after My mother became well .
I am sending you a gift please accept it .
Please send me some engagement photographs .
My mother gives you the best wishes and Me too .
Say My hey to your partner and to your family member .
Talk to me on video conferencing after party .
Thank you
Subham babu .
I enjoyed the past summer holiday , it is entertaining and I usually travel around Hong Kong with my family during weekends .
I have been to several places during the holiday , including airport , Mui Wo , West Kowloon Cultural District , etc .
The summer holiday was quite long , nearly two months .
I usually wake up at around nine O Clock in the morning and spend the day by reading newspapers , books , and also digitalize some video tapes .
I enjoy reading newspapers so I can get updates on the latest development of incidents and news .
Furthermore , it can also improve my language skills .
I usually watch television programs from Discovery Network at night .
Besides , I find those talking about building massive structures and science interesting and I learnt some knowledge from those programs .
To get prepared to the things to be taught in grade 9 , I also flipped through some textbooks , including Integrated Science , Geography , etc .
And I find the knowledge to be taught in some subjects interesting , while some are n't .
As I am a member of the Robotics Team , I went to school for 3 days during the summer holiday to prepare for a competition on fourth of October .
Despite the hard work , I enjoyed the process of preparing the competition a lot .
Nowadays the level of our life has become higher .
We are looking for better conditions everywhere .
So a public transport is not exception .
Most people prefer using their private car instead of a public transport .
Basically , there are a lot of drawbacks using this kind of transport .
First of all is a traffic jam , if you stick in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much time then you expected on the road . Bisedes a public transport are overloaded at rush hours .Another downside is that most of buses are old and dirty .
That 's why people choose travelling by car because it ' is more convenient and fast .
ALL ABOUT ME
My name is Alexander Engström .
I am 12 years old and I was born on September , 12 2003 .
Most of my time I like hanging out and chilling with my friends , but when I am not with my friends , I am home studying .
I have one big sister , Anisa , she is 18 years old , and I also have two younger sisters ; Alicia 8 years old and Isabel 4 years old .
I have many hobbies , but one of my favourite hobbies is to ski downhill , because I love doing it .
The reason why I love to ski is the freedom I feel when I ski and it is also my type of sport .
Green And Clean Environment
Introduction
The aim of this report is to explain the way our Community have decided to preserve the nature of our town and which other activities could be useful in order to achieve this purpose .
Schools and Offices
On the one hand , if you belong to a School you can participate giving information to the children about the cathastrophic image our village would have if we do not reduce the pollution in the minimum range .
On the other hand , everyone has the opportunity to clean the streets where they spend most of the time .
It could be the place where you work or your house .
Nobody has to be worried about the vacuum or the broom because it is provided by the Government .
Recycling
In case you do not have time to help with that kind of activities there is a rule you must follow .
You have to throw away every single thing you have in the correct container in order to recycle them .
Recommendations
My recommendation is to invest in a good cleaning machine , consequently we will not have to spend hours cleaning the streets .
A high number of tourists visits Cáceres searching for culture , heritage and typical food from Extremadura .
For that reason , this town has a lot of facilities to cover that demand and to offer a good time inside .
The most attractive resource in Cáceres is its heritage .
The old town is an historic and cultural center where a great part of the tourism is focused in .
This part of the city is ready to receive it because there is an intensive control to have access to the old town with cars .
Anyway , taxis and official vehicles are free to enter whenever they want .
One of the most particular things of this region is the food and Cáceres is the head city of gastronomy in Europe .
Currently , Cáceres is the only Spanish city having a European award for offering a big selection of food and drink .
" Atrio " is the most important restaurant of the city and it has been recognised with two stars of the most famous guide for restaurant from Spain .
Anyway , " Atrio " is not just a fine food restaurant , but it is a five - stars hotel in the middle of the old town .
Almost , Cáceres has a great offer if someone wants to buy other things like clothes , souvenirs and art .
Pintores street is the commercial place of the city and it has a great selection of shops and restaurants with typical food from Spain .
Garlic is a plant , member of the lily family , with an odor and a taste characteristic .
It is known by Human history at least since 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garlic is associated with superstitions , providing bad or good lucky .
In Ancient Egypt , garlic was used by people for heath purposes .
The slaves , who constructed pyramids , were fed with garlic , because the Egyptians believed that garlic would make the workers stronger , so they could work harder .
In Roman and Greek cultures , people believed in garlic 's magic powers to avoid the Evil .
Even Homer cited garlic in his odyssey .
In Middle Ages , sailors carried garlic with them to endure long periods in the seas .
In more recent years , in the World War I , soldiers used garlic to prevent from gangrene .
At the present time , modern Science is providing some evidence of a real beneficial effect of garlic consumption in human health .
Experiments made with garlic and some types of bacteria , revealed the ability of garlic to kill some kinds of bacteria .
At least 23 different types of bacteria were tested .
Thereby , the bactericidal effect of the garlic , probably can explain some ancients ' beliefs that this plant can help in some illness treatments .
It can explain too , why the use of garlic was a good option to prevent gangrene in WWI .
Another experiment demonstrated a positive effect of garlic in blood system .
It was demonstrated that garlic has a compound that can make the blood " thinner " .
This can be used to prevent heart attack and stroke .
Therefore , include garlic in the diet can really be beneficial for health as some cultures believed .
How many of us today are really into helping the environment .
There are lot of campaigns going on globally .
Is it worth all the time , energy and money in convincing people to be responsible to their environment ?
Yes , indeed !
I recently joined a campaign program in Manila , Philippines dedicated to protecting and preserving our natural resources .
I was very enthusiastic in all the activities not until after that one event .
I found out that the leaders of this organization are not realizing the beliefs and principles they are imparting to the public .
They are not a good representation of their ideals .
I backed off and decided to just continue to do my personal contribution in helping mother earth .
I believe that if we aim for a change , then the change should start with us .
Maybe we can not convince the whole world participate in helping the environment right away , but it can begin with ourselves .
After my awareness of what was happening in our natural resources , I am very glad to have been doing my part .
I am now living an environment - friendly lifestyle since 5 years ago .
Firstly , I cycle everyday to work .
This just did n't save me from too much gasoline expenses , but it also made me physically fit .
Secondly , I turn off the faucet and the switches when not in use .
Thirdly , I segregate my rubbish .
At home I have separate garbage bins for paper , plastic and organic wastes .
Forthly , I am only buying organic products for consumption and keeping a small spice garden at my backyard .
And finally , I am educating my two children about the importance of what I am doing inorder to help our environment .
All in all , I think that helping our environment does n't have to be big time . We should be aware of the fact that mother earth is irreplaceable nor irrevocable .
We have the time now to do what is necessary .
We can begin in ourselves , in our family , in our own homes .
That is a small start , but will eventually reap a huge outcome .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
My name is Juan Farías and I am writing to apply for a course at the Effective Learning School .
To begin with I would like to tell you that I am really interested in the course because I think it would provide me some professional advantages have in my career as a school teacher .
Learning languages is increasingly important in the teaching sector so I want to improve it .
I would be able to spend three months in a intensive course in spring .
Starting in April or May could be right for my schedule .
I reckon my weak points are speaking and listening skills nevertheless I would be also interested in working over writing and grammar points .
Although I am in my late forties I am still very active so I like practising sports , music and going to the cinema as well .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours Sincerely .
Juan Farías
Michael is an American guy , living in and studying in the Netherlands at the Leiden University .
He lives in the Netherlands for about a year .
He had chosen to study Amsterdam because he loves that city , it 's his dream city and he loves canals and the Amsterdam 's lifestyle .
One day he went out with couples of friends , they went to a night club called " Miami beach".They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful girl and she could n't take her eyes of him , so he decided to go and talk to her .
She was very kind and she was smiling all the time , he offered her a drink and late in the night they went to her house where they spend the night together .
The day after , he woke up with a hangover and realized that he had made love unsafe .
He started to panic and put his clothes on and walked to the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I heard a noise .
i looked back and i noticed that the earth was strange .
Moved by my curiosity i dug up and found a paper which contained a map .
Without a second thought i decided to follow the directions on the puzzling map .
I did nt know what i was going to find at the end of my hunt but this idea made the situation even more exciting .
The directions took me along a path towards a cave and i went into it .
I had been wellprepared and i carried a lantern .
I walked through the darkness and finally i arrived at a stunning lake .
There was a boat by the share and as soon as i went on board it started to move .
A few meters ahead i saw a blinding light and i realized that i was nt alone because i could hear the sound of the music and people talking .
Dazzled by the sun when i opened my eyes i realized that i was in a wonderful funfair .
My relatives and friends had prepared a surprise birthday party that i will never forget .
Dear group leader ,
I am writing in connection with your stay in Cracow .
I know you 're looking for interesting place to visit so I want to offer you place where you can rest , have a lot of fun and spend great time with your group .
I want to recommend the amusement park , one of the most interesting place to visit here .
On the face of it it sounds childishly but I think it 's a good way to spend free time even for adults .
This is a huge amusement park with many attraction for young people looking for excitement .
There are many carousels , go - carts , slides .
There 's also something for someone who do n't like risky play .
I 'm thinking of an aqua park where you can not only swim but also take advantage of SPA , jacuzzi , sauna .
The amusement park and aqua park are located close the centre so you do n't have to go far away .
I hope that you will take advantage of my proposal .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
The picture shows clearly the process of making bank notes .
As is shown in the picture , we can obviously see that four main steps make up the process .
First and formast , the bank notes should be designed and the design includes background colour , artwork and securityissues .
Going forward , it should be the preparation of metal plates .
In this step , skilled machinists is required .
Then print the banknote .
In this stage , pay attention to the colour , special ink and images slightly raised is necessary .
Last but most important step is the ispection .
In this step , the workers should tell the good quality sheets from the band ones .
If the sheets is in good quality , it will be cut into separate notes , packed and
dispatched .
If the sheest is in bad quality , it will be securely destroyed .
There will be a third situation .
When the sheet is partly damaged , it will also be cut into banknotes .
The difference is the good part will be kept while the bad part will be destroyed .
Well , I 'm sorry but , although I studied French when I was young , I have forgotten almost all .
So , I 've tried to translate your French on Google translator and I 've could n't understand what you mean about my English and Google translator . I 'm used to write English and I have an intermediate level .
I use Google translator to find an equivalent word to a Spanish word sometimes .
It is n't easy at all , they 're too different languages , and I prefer to use the software " Grammarly spellchecker " to get some help .
Anyway if you want to know my level I can tell you I 've finished the level B1 .
I will start the level B2 the next course .
I think you do n't know our national team .
There is a new and stunning basketball players generation .
Mirotic , Ibaka , Claver , Marc Gasol ( and his younger brother is all a promise ) Therefore we 'll have Paul Gasol 's brothers at least for ten years more but also , Felipe Reyes , Rudy Fernadez , Sergio Rodriguez , Sergio Llul , Calderón are young still .
I 'm sorry to tell you , but we are going to have an awesome team for a long time still .
About Ricky Rubio :
I think you do n't follow the American news .
You just have to search on Youtube and you 'll find a lot of videos .
He 's improving his game in a spectacular way .
Indeed , his team was almost at the end of the NBA teams whilst they are in the middle position now .
It is n't only that he 's a very good player ( He is :D ) but also , thanks to his style of play , his assists , and points has served as a lever to his team that has improved dramatically .
He began to play as a professional in Spain when he was 14 years old and he began in our national team when he was 17 years old .
His current team is preparing him physically in the gym , his physical form has improved a lot and now is faster , stronger and he 's still 23 years old .
Watching him play is a delight , especially his assists and juggling games while he looks at the opposite direction .
I really enjoy watching him to play a lot .
The " Di roma reataurant " is a restaurant situated in the heart of a small village " Monção " is very popular , between teenagers and adults who love to eat pizza or any other fast food .
As you enter the place you are welcomed by a magnificent setting , a lot of paintings of the city .
Sitting in any table you have a wonderful view of the workshop - like kitchen where you can see the chefs working , so you can see how they make the food that you will eat .
All fast food dishes are home - made .
The chefs take great care in selecting the best quality ingredients .
The restaurant also caters for all tastes by providing a large selection of the best wines of the region , who are very popular around the country .
The service is always great , the clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is done , while clients are waiting they always give a Indian food .
The price of the food is very cheap , takin into account the quality .
I had a pleasant dining experience with food of the most exquisite flavours .
For this reason I highly recommend going to Di Roma restaurant .
Hi Jairwoo ,
I recently tried to ask you some questions through your " Ask Me " section in your site , but it said :
However , I 'm Andrea and I 'm from Italy .
I 've followed you for 2 months and I really love your style !
Please can you tell me some websites where I can learn how to style , how to combine clothes and something like that ?
I would like to make my own style but I do n't know where to begin !
whenever I search on Google " men fashion " , I only find stuff for mature men .
The problem is that I 'm only sixteen ... what could I do ?
Thank you so much !
Public transport is not as valorated as it should be although a lot of people uses it every day .
Here are some of my reasons for thinking that public transport is important .
Firstly , it is very good for the environment because it reduces a lot of carbon dioxide gasses which if everybody took the car instead of taking public transport would pollute the atmosphere
Secondly , travelling in public transport makes much easier to travel at rush hours or on those moments in which you should not take the car
Finally , it is a good way of travelling because it is safer than travelling in a car or in a motorbike and also in the way that you are much relaxed than in a car and it saves time too .
To conclude public transport is good for the environment , it makes much easier and cheaper to travel , and it , in some way , saves lives .
For those reasons and some others I think that public transport must be there for many years .
Hello .
I am going to talk about my country .
I live in the capital of Sweden , Stockholm .
A big city with more than one million people .
I live in a little part of stockholm called Danderyd .
Danderyd is n't inside the city .
It 's some kilometers outside of it .
Because Danderyd is n't in the city it 's very much nature and nice people .
So Sweden is located in the north part of Europe .
Between Norway and Finland .
It 's a big country and does n't have many inhibitants .
Around 9 - 10 million people .
It 's one of the biggest countries in Europe if you think about the area Sweden have .
Anyway , about one thousand years ago Sweden , Denmark , Finland and Norway was Vikings .
The Vikings where like pirates that lived in the countries I was talking about one thousand years ago .
They sailed to France and England to plunder .
But they also where the ones that first discovered Greenland , North America and Asia .
The Vikings where feared from most people in Europe but they where also merchants and explorers .
The most people in Sweden are christians .
But because Sweden accept so many people to flee to Sweden from the wars in the northern parts of Africa and the southwest parts of Asia .
The nature in Sweden can be very cold , especially in the northern parts of Sweden .
If you are at the most northern part of Sweden it 's always day in the summer and always night in the winter .
Also when it 's winter you can see something called the northern light .
It 's a strange light in the sky in different colours that is very beautiful .
Some just travel to Sweden just to see it .
In Sweden we have very good education .
Most people go to highschool and unversity .
There are though a problem with jobs .
It 's hard for young people to find jobs in Sweden .
In Sweden we are very proud of a free download able program where you can listen to almost all the music in the world .
It 's called Spotify and have grown super big .
There is also another free program that is called Skype where you can talk to eachother and text eachother totally free !
The gaming community in the world is growing fast and most of the boys that have a computer play games .
In Sweden gaming is really big and there is also one game maker that have made a game called BF or Battle Field .
It have been a great succes and is one of the best games in the world .
We in Sweden are also very proud of our best football player , Zlatan .
He 's one of the best football players in the world and is really popular both in Sweden and in other countries , especially in Europe .
Even though we have a lot to be proud of we need to make a lot of things better .
In Sweden we have a lot of different people from different kultures .
The problem is that there are a lot of swedish people that are razists .
Not the majority of course but there are many razists .
That can be really painfull for those who is n't from Sweden from the beginning .
Or for those who does n't have swedish culture .
Also as I said before we need more jobs .
My home country is Hong Kong , which is a former British colony .
After the handover in 1997 , it becomes a special administrative region of China .
The location of Hong Kong is in Asia , and its location seems to be a bridge between China and worldwide .
Since it is located in a specific area between China and the western , both cultures are also being popular in there .
Despite the land in Hong Kong is just 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 millions citizens are living in there .
From 1980 's , it is developed as an international financial centre and so many global investors have set up their headquarters in there .
Compare with other developed countries , Hong Kong 's economy is stable and competing with Singapore to be the prime leader of the Asia .
For languages , Chinese and English are the main languages which using in Hong Kong .
For the education , every developed country is concerning with the issue .
Hong Kong government has invested lots of capital to develop a better education system for building a knowledge - based society and the better future .
It is providing 12-year free education to every child and they must be educated for at least 9 years .
As mentioned , Hong Kong is a special administrative region of China , those systems and laws are different from Mainland China .
Residents in Hong Kong are enjoying highly - freedom in religion , speech , organizational , activities , going abroad during the life .
Owing to those separated characteristics , actually , Hong Kong can be described as a colourful and brilliant city .
Going places is of paramount importance for people , and going quickly even more ; that 's why I think public transport is not the most efficient way to go places .
The use of public transport takes more time than using the car , which can be considered as a waste of time .
You are dependent on schedules when you use public means of transport , that is to say you can not begin your journey when you want .
You must wait for the right time of departure and you must be at the departure point at due time , which implies getting to that specific place by any other means of transport .
All this makes using the car much convenient due to the fact that not only do you leave when you want , but also straight away from the very door of your own house .
When you go by car you may control your timing , stop at will and if you go with someone else , it may be cheaper : provided the cost of the journey will be the same , no matter how many passengers you take with you ; while on public transport you should pay a ticket for every single rider .
Anyway , to tell you the truth I 'd rather take a train , for instance , it means travelling in a relaxing way , not running risks of accidents , having the chance to read or play " travelling " chess , meeting new people , as in a stage coach but moving faster
Dear Sir / Madam
I am writing in response to your advertisement , which appears in this month 's edition of EnglishAcademy magazine .
As you will see from my enclosed CV , I have worked the last three years as a personal assistant of a director of a well - known international company based in London while I am finishing my part - time degree in Modern Languages ( English - German ) .
Though my mother tongue is Spanish , my English is fluent and I am versatile with different languages .
Throughout my work history and studies I have displayed excellent teamwork and people - oriented skills which I believe are crucial capacities in an administrative position .
As well as I have also work under pressure and meet deadlines without any problem because I am used to be resourceful and manage time efficiently .
In terms of my suitability for reception and administrative roles , I am organized , amiable and helpful .
In addition , I have excellent customer service skills and am highly efficient with the use of computers in a wide variety of applications .
Therefore , I consider myself competent and optimistic to respond to the challenge offered by the post of receptionist in your language school .
I would genuinely welcome the opportunity of an offer to work for your language school .
I have recently moved to York and am available for an immediate start .
Please do not hesitate to contact me for any further information or to arrange a personal meeting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
I do n't know what I have to say but the only thing that I know is that my English pronunciation is not very good .
I want to improve my English pronunciation skills so I can be able to understand native speakers .
I have an American girlfriend and she is very fluent in English because it is her mother language .
I want is to be fluent so she can understand what I want to tell her .
I want to tell her too many things about my feelings toward her but I do n't know how to say that .
Now I decided to improve my writing skills because once it became improved I would be very happy and I think that my ideas ' expression will be good .
I think that my pronunciation will be good when I can speak for a long period of time and in all life aspects .
So now I have two main purposes .
The first one is to study a lot of Grammer lessons and the second one is to learn how to organize my ideas for a long period of time speaking .
Thank you for sending me the correct form of my writing and I am really appreciate that very much .
His name is Mohamed but he is normally called Franco , an easier name to use in Italy , the Country where he is working .
Mohamed is from Senegal , 33 years old , graduated in education with a master in education for children and people with special needs .
He completed his studies six years ago but since then he was unable to find a proper employment in his Country .
Therefore , he decided to migrate looking for better job opportunities .
After a complex and difficult journey , Mohamed managed to reach the Italian coasts in 2011.Helped by a Senegalese community , he has eventually found a job as a fruit seller in a local market .
Despite his high qualified studies in education , Mohamed had to carry on a job in a completely different field .
The phenomenon of immigration of people from Africa to Europe seeking better opportunities has become common in the last decades .
However , nowadays even in the rich Western Europe , many highly qualified European graduates struggle to find an employment .
This has become a challenging issue that is leading most of them to start the same immigration pattern followed by Mohamed towards other Countries .
Unlike the post - War society , where the European economy was booming , since more than 5 years , Europe is suffering from a profound economic crisis whose major effects are borne by the youths , including the highly qualified graduates .
Such a phenomenon is also worsened by the education curriculum adopted in many schools , which has failed to adapt to the changes brought in the society by globalization .
Schools and job markets are often separated like two different worlds .
Therefore , once graduated , qualified youths find themselves to face both the economic crisis and a hostile job market .
I believe that Governments from different Countries should come together to find appropriate measures to overcome the economic crisis and stop the vicious circle that leads qualified people to be excluded from the job market and , therefore , contribute to worsen the impact of the economic crisis .
My name is Chloé Dubé and I am both Italian and French .
I go cycling and running regularly so I think I could define myself a sportswoman .
I am a passionate reader in particular of thrillers and French poetry .
My passion for travels goes back in years to when I was just a child : As I am a curious person I like tasting new foods and discover new places .
I like to think of myself as a go - getter so I always try to keep myself active .
I am not a class act yet I try to do my best , so if I have to work in a team I am the mover and shaker of the group .
However , as I tend to be set in my ways sometimes I can appear a know - it - all or too pragmatic .
I would like to be part of this project as next year I will have to live at miles of distance from my parents in order to study Medicine .
Therefore I think this experience of three months can offer me a unique chance of growing as a person and better understand if I am actually ready to be 100% independent .
I think this experience is the challenge that I need in order to become more mature and responsible .
I believe that this project is the smartest way to spend my summer .
Indeed following a routine of work would allow me to put my mind in gear and study two or three hours a day .
In addition probably this project is the best chance of really getting to know more about the Baltic Republics .
A couple years ago I have spent a couple weeks in Bright with Ef .
During this period I have shared a room with two Finnish girls in a foster family .
We got on like a house on fire and I still keep several wonderful memories .
Therefore I would be more than willing to share this experience with another student .
As the 6th of September there is going to be the university entry test for Medicine , I will have to flight back to Italy for a couple days .
In my spare time I am the baby - sitter of an adorable boy who is only 6 years old .
Last year I did some graphic designs for the website of a society called SHIPinSPACE .
In addition , last year I participated in a stage at the ASL of Rivoli .
I am going to repeat the experience in March at the local hospital .
Shopping is not always enjoyable .
Is it true ? I agree with this statement .
Why ?
Because , when we decided to go for a shopping and have an idea what we want to buy and it appears that we ca n't find what we want , we are disappointed and frustrated .
Sometimes , shopping - particularly for women - is the best way to ameliorate the mood .
For example when they find what they want , or find something in a smaller size , or just find a trifle and are happy .
Unfortunately , shopping also can bring displeasure .
For example , when we staying at the queue , coming to the cash register and it appears that the price on the label is more expensive .
As we know it , for women shopping is the best way to relax but for men is just a torture .
I think that if there is no public transport in the future , the traffic will be a totally mass !
Because everybody drive their cars and motorcycles on road that the traffic jam will not only be the serious problem to the government but also be the safe problem to citizens .
More vehicle on road that means more car accidents happening .
Therefore , the government need to make a good traffic policy to ensure citizen 's safety and welfare of have privilege of driving on road .
If there is so much vehicle on road , it may cause several problems .
One is that people may stuck in the traffic jam during the rush hours , the second is the more vehicle on road that means the more exhaust would be emitted into the air , the last and the most important is the gas and oil would be depleted .
In a result , I think if traveling only by car is not a wise choice for earth although it is convenient .
But we need to think that there is a better way to protect the earth and human 's environment such as riding bicycle or waiting for environmental - friendly car being invented .
No future for public transport ?
The lifestyle of the people has changed completely in the past 20 years .
Cars are more common on city roads .
Cars Symbolize wealth .
Many people have to travel longer distances to work , and most often their only working tool is the car own .
In addition most of the people are not used to walking on foot even in short distances .
In big cities where people live a more isolated life and always in a hurry .
Even though there are more and more cars on the roads , I do not think this tendency will completely reduce the demand for public transportation for the following reasons :
Traffic jams cause many problems in big cities .
In those cities where the number of the residents is over a million , public transport system is widely used .
One of the most widely used is the subway .
Students often use public transport between cities instead of cars .
There are many people who have experienced a carcrash , or just simply afraid of driving , so they prefer to use public transport system .
Those people who has mental or other serious illness does n't allowed or not able to drive a car , for them public transport system is necessary .
Not to mention that driving a car means you are responsible for your passengers ' life and it is less about convenience even if travelling by car means you do n't need to adjust to other passengers .
I agree with that there is a lower demand for public transport in smaller cities and towns , but it does n't mean it has no future .
I 'm from Ecuador a country surrounded by a great number of natural resources .
We are an underdeveloped country , like other countries says a " third world country " , but I 'm happy about that .
Why ?
, because we see develop countries and the form that they use the resources .
We see what they really are , the underdeveloped countries that they are .
Seeing all of it we will change our future , doing different things that they have done .
Recently my country is starting to develop their resources , our renewable energy as wind , solar , hydropower , geothermal energy .
Nowadays , we really focus on how we can extract this energy , but not in other important things , like the way that we can start to use it , the correct use that we could give them or how we can reuse the energy .
Starting to develop our nation , it is eventually starting an excessive use of energy and hence starting to destroy the environment .
Traditional energies are focus on give to big cities all the resources .
Poor people leave their towns to look for a better live , but if we start to give them enough resources and decrease their migration to the big cities , the need of energy would be decreased .
Also it is a big opportunity to help them .
They need resources to improve their live condition until my country could has the possibility to give them a better live opportunities .
It is difficult to understand a sectoral development where the global interest is big cities , without looking and help the surroundings .
Nowadays my country have started to build a great number of hydroelectric , wind parks and we also starting to think on geothermal energy .
But I think one thing that it is necessary before implementing this type of energies .
All of that require further studies have been done and with that , we could know the feasibility of the projects and the size of them .
Implementation takes time and money , but if the project does not work all of that could be spent in vain .
Sustainability is not about searching for resources and then build large constructions to extract them .
Sustainability is about found the better way to interact with the environment .
It is like to make friendship with nature and knows that what it needs of us and show what we need of it .
Trying to take care of it , extracting only the necessary and trying to cause the least possible damage .
As I said before all of it needs time and a great number of studies .
Starting to interest in alternative energy and try to see forms to use in your native country is the first step .
The implementation of projects not need to be only for spending money .
In a good way implementation of projects helps to improve citizens lifes .
All those little steps help to our nation to build a developed country , friendly with the environment .
I live in one of the most polluted city in India and which is also the capital of India i.e. Delhi .
However , the city has taken various steps and measures to keep it clean and green .
It makes mandatory for the inter - city buses , commercial vehicles and other heavy vehicles to use Compressed Natural Gas ( CNG)instead of diesel .
It encourages people to plant more trees and cutting of them have been made a punishable offence .
Burning of leaves and other waste products have also been made punishable offences .
A large number of huge capacity waste treatment plants have been established to keep the city clean and green .
Recently , for the protection of environment , the Hon'ble National Green Tribunal passed an order banning diesel vehicles of more than 15 years .
Gradually , people of the city are getting cautious with respect to the environment and they are trying best of them to keep it clean and safe .
People are inculcating the habit to dispose garbage at a defined space .
They are conserving rain water using rain water harvesting process .
They are trying to reduce dependency on private vehicles and switching on public transport mode .
They are using more renewable sources of energy rather non - renewable sources of energy .
Installation of solar heater , solar lights , use solar cell watches and driving electric cars are in vogue in the city .
MY FAVOURITE SOAP OPERA .
I really enjoy soap opera I have seen a lot of them , but in my opinion de best one is an English one called fawlty Towers .
It was writing by John Clees and Conni Both and it shows de daily life in a fictious hotel .
There are four main characteres the owner 's hotel a moody man and his bossy wife , and the workers a pleasant maid and a Spanish waiter who does n't speak English .
In every chapter new clients go to this hotel and have a lot of crazy , funny and sarcastic situations , between workers , owners and customers .
Particulary when the owner gives orders at the waiter , this situations became hilarious .
It was a shorter soap opera , only ten chapters , but at the end it seems you know them for a long time .
I recommend it to enjoy .
Its shorters stories have have a funny and relaxed time .
As the technology develops rather rapidly , it 's a world - wide phenomenon now for us to find that large - scale buildings and transport networks are to be built for the sake of human 's economy , which means vast areas of farmland , forest and wetland are on the way of being ruined .
A large number of problems are coming up at present .
Fitst of all , the environment that belongs to both man and wild lives is going to lose balance in the ecosystem .
It indicates that more kinds of species are endagered for they are unable to adapt themselves to the remaining lands .
Then comes the problem of human beings .
Vegetables and other food planting on the farmland will decrease so much that the needs of human may not be meet one day .
Moreover , with the decreasing number of trees and many other plants , carbon dioxide can not be coped with by those natural machines , which will melt the remaining ice in the world .
Thus , the sea level will go up to influence the climate leading to warmer days in the whole world .
As far as I 'm concerned , it 's critical for governments to take mesures to reduce the problems .
Firstly , relevant laws and principles should be put up to forbid extravagent expansion in the natural system .
In addition , supervision of the protecting steps need to be undertanken by the government .
What 's more , the importance of the protection of nature can be emphasized by educating citizens gradually , no matter in campus or in the public places .
Anyway , to key to protect our living environment from being destroyed is to do it by we indivisuals step by step .
Dear Sir ,
I 'm looking for à language centre which prepare students to take a Cambridge exams especially the F.C.E. On reading the newspaper , I 've heard about your classes and your method seems efficient .
So I wonder if I could apply in one of your course .
As I 've been taking a year off , I am available at any time in the week .
I 've been living in Ireland since last August in order to practise my English language but I need to improve my spelling and my writing as well .
I am interested in applying in one to one class in order to study the most efficient I can .
Will you give me more information about it as soon as possible in order to book in quickly .
( how much ?
When can we start ?
How long ?
Etc .. )
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon
yours faithfully ,
Sandrine Verreau
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise !
In front of me stood a Hare Krishna !
I was alone in the office , it was late and I had a lot of work to do and when I heard the sound of the doorbell I felt really upset because I was looking forward to going home .
Anyway , the man was wearing an orange costume , he was surprisingly tall and slim and he was completely bald except for a long black ponytail coming out from the head .
He seemed the most pacific man in the world , so I was n't afraid .
On the contrary , I felt pretty amused when he started dancing , prancing and singing an unknown song .
It was really hard not to burst out laughing in his face !
When he stopped , he gave me a coloured bracelet that it would make me happier .
I was so glad to have had this comic moment that I gave him a little offer and I invited him to come back again !
UNFORGETTABLE FRIEND
I met her in second grade , we were queuing to go to class , that was the moment I saw her .
And how could I have known that she would change my life forever ?
She was different from all the other kids .
She was quiet , but interesting at the same time .
We became friends when we were 8 years old and we visited each other all the time .
At that time , I did n't have many friends , she helped me to overcome my problems and trust myself .
That is why she is so special to me .
We never hid anything from each other .
We are different , but I think that that is a curious thing about friendship .
8 years later she has become my best friend , my lost sister , my complement .
She was hard to find , but impossible to forget .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He forgot he had a doctor 's appointment and he was running late .
He finishes getting ready for his appointment .
Once on the car , he starts to drive like a maniac .
How could he forgot the time of his appointment ?
He still needs to find an ATM to withdrawl some money to pay for his appointment .
Once he finds one he pulls up the car and goes as fast as he can to get some money .
He finally arrives .
She was waiting for him .
Hopefully for the next time he will set up a reminder to avoid this again .
On the other hand , public transport is inconvenient .
It is crowded at rush hour .
Pickpockets can have a field day with all the commotion of rush hour .
Because public transport does not operate 24 hours a day , means people have to follow a schedule .
Furthermore , there are certain forms of transportation , such as trains , that do not travel to the suburbs , so people either have to walk long distances to reach the nearest stop or be dependent on one form of public transport to catch another which can be a great source of stress if there is ever a delay .
When it comes to the issue if Pets can be like our family .
Some people suggest that we have to avoid treating them this way , while the others maintain the opposite view .
As far as I am concerned , the later point of view carries more weight .
I am inclined to believe that pets can be treated as a family members because they are loyal , have souls as well as they are human friends .
First of all , Dogs and cats are a very loyal creatures .
There are many dogs who are loyal and trustworthy than many people in the earth .
Pets can not deceive or lie .
Many dogs for example help their owners and protect them from many dangers .
For illustration , My friend has a dog , one day when they were in his farm .
A snake tried to bite my friend but his dog at the last moment saves him and took that snake away .
That is why I love pets .
He made an action which many other people could not .
For that reason I appreciate my pets as if they are one of my friends .
Secondly , reason for my propensity of treating pets as a family member , is that they have souls .
they feel as if they are humans .
They feel our love towards them and they can exchange this love with us .
While they can not express their emotions in our ordinary ways .
Everyone has to treat them in a kind way .
They will never try to hurt any human being so why people try to hurt them .
Domestic animals are a very sensitive creatures that we have to treat them as our babies .
Another point that is worth mentioning is that pets can be considered as human friends .
We can talk , walk and hangout with them .
Many people can talk with their pets as if they understand them .
One can talk with his dog , cat or any other kind of pets as they are their psychiatrist .
They discuss with them many life events .
For example , I have an old neighbor who lives alone with his cat .
He talks with her and plays with her .
When I see him and ask him how do you do .
He always told me that we are fine referring to him and his cat .
After seeing how this old man lives alone with his cat without suffering from loneliness .
I do not mind or fear living alone anymore as I have my friend which is my cat .
To sum up , as a person reaches adulthood , he needs to decide weather to be a human or not .
He has to choose between treating his pets as a family member or not .
I would argue that treating our pets as our friends is an indication of humanity .
Since they are creatures like us have souls and feelings .
They can take care of us and love us in a very interesting way .
That is why I consider my cat my faithful friend .
Hello Paul ,
It 's such a long time since we talked last time .
It was in Martin 's party where there was amazing music and lots of people .
Do you remember ?
I haven't heard anything about you since then .
What have you been up to ? I ' ve just started a new job in an important French business .
I 'm delighted although the weather is awful .
I think the rain will stop when pigs fly .
The city where I live is nice with gardens and what 's more , a huge lake .
I used to go running there .
I would like to see you soon .
Are you still in Barcelona ? We can meet up next month because I will have holidays .
Give my regards to your family .
Bye
Javier
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to you with the reference to your advertisement which I saw in the " Daily News " .
I am sixteen years of age , pursuing a degree of Intermediate at Imperial College , assiduous to work .
I really find this job useful for me as I have a heart to be with children and want to earn for myself .
I would love to arrange fun activities for children .
I have gained some experience of working with children while baby - sitting of my cousins the previous year .
I used to cook , took them out and played a lot .
I am a fluent English speaker as I had a chance to pass my childhood at Kent .
Moreover , I got a diploma of English reading and writing skills .
I would feel relieved if you would let me know about the commencement of the program as I can travel in this month and the salary offered per week .
Please do not resist contacting me if any further information is required .
I am looking forward to your response .
Yours faithfully ,
Amina Safar
A SEAWEED : OUR FUTUR
I felt nervous when the phone rang .
I was waiting for the answer .
I was beginning to work in a research center about Energy .
My work was very interesting and exciting .
Unfortunately , my scholarship was ending and I was thinking about backing home .
I liked a lot my project and I wanted to follow in it but my project manager was worried .
He was looking for funds to keep our team .
We were five people .
I picked up the phone .
It was my boss , he told me : " Go ahead ! , the project follows ! " .
I hung up the phone and I go out to celebrate the moment with my colleagues .
We felt very happy .
Thanks for a crowd funding campaign , we obtained the mininum funds to develop our innovate work .
We found a group of algae which store energy cleanly .
We only needed a water tank and the Sun .
The energy of the Sun was the food for the seaweeds and they stored it in their cells .
Unforturnately , the process only gone on twelve hours .
Our goal was increasing the storage capacity in several days .
We built a pilot plant to test our investigations in the laboratory .
The public administration helped us when we showed our solutions .
Nowadays , our team have grown up and we are thirty people .
We are going to build an industrial plant to achieve our dream : storing renewable energies without using toxic materials and mining commodities from the Earth .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He realized that he had forgotten to finish his homework ; therefore , he ran back home quickly , and start finishing his homework .
While Peter is doing his homework , his best friend - Tommy , invited Peter to play football together at night .
However , Peter decided to reject Tommy 's invitation , and continue to do his homework .
Ten minutes later , he felt bored and wanted to play some video games , but he had lots of homework to be done .
He was frustrated .
After that , he took a deep breath on his bed and made his final decision : he decided to keep on do his homework and project .
On the next day , he handed in his homework to his teacher and he got the highest mark in his class .
In this story , we can learn that strength of will is important for us to do something important in our daily life .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She was about to start an important trip , an essential change on his life .
Maybe the day itself would n't be extraordinary , but , for sure , she will remember it all her life .
In the near future , she will explain this day to her friends in a pub , probably her new friends .
Not everyday you leave your country without knowing when and why you will come back .
Anna woke up at half past nine when the clock rang .
The first she saw was a perfectly packed suitcase near her bed .
The day before all the clothes which were inside the luggage had been classified on the bed : trousers , spring t - shirts , nightdresses and so on .
She sighed and went to have a shower .
She was doing all the routine activities automatically , thinking in her next journey .
She had lived abroad several times but she never has gone without knowing her return .
On that moment , Spain was an unfair country .
She was trying to find a job for a year but she was n't lucky at all .
She was graduated , had even studied a Master and she had nothing to lose .
She was brave and intelligent , so she was going to start a new life with new opportunities in a different and fairer country .
Her parents went to see her off at the airport .
They were crying .
It was not easy to leave a daughter go on her own .
However , they knew that it was the best for her .
Good luck , Anna .
Nowadays , many people dream of being famous .
They think that big - name has marvellous life with no problems , no duties , or worries .
They think that this group of people has just a better life and things are going very well .
But people should realized , that there are many advantages and disadvantages of being celebrities .
As far as I 'm concerned , there are more disadvantages .
Basically , famous figure has no privacy .
They ca n't go to the cinema , or theatre , or just go for a walk without being recognised .
No matter where famous person goes , he must realized , that next day he will be on first page newspepers with lots of rumours .
Celebrities do n't have an easy life .
I think they have no life at all .
Beacuse , what is proper in living when journalist following every step the famous person takes ?
We all are free people and everone deserve to have his own life .
In my opinion journalist and other people should accepted and respected it and sometimes they should just let go .
Nevertheless , celebrities decided on that kind of life .
They made that decision on their own .
So , I think , that they must have known about the consequences and just live as they like .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I have seen the advertisement of the vacancy in your cafe in the local newspaper and would like to apply for this position .
My name is Mike Hennings .
I am 22-years old part - time student of the local University .
I have had two previous places of employment .
First was in the bar , owned by my uncle , and the second - in a local restaurant named " Dragon " ( Chinese cuisine ) .
I am an accurate , punctual and trustworthy person .
My employers have never complained of my services .
I resigned from my last employment because the restaurant had been closed for a long refurbishment .
I am able to work from 9 am til 2 pm every weekday .
I am also ready to work longer shifts on Wednesdays , and on Fridays and Saturdays can work extra time .
If you need any references , I can request them from the University Student Center and from my last employer . I am ready to start my work next week .
My mobile number is 0789999999 .
I am available from 10 am till 17 pm .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sincerely yours ,
Mike Hennings
Colosseum is the most famous and biggest building of the Ancient Rome and it is also the biggest amphitheater in the World .
The name of this construction is related to two reasons : one reason is related at the dimensions of the building , the second reason is because near there is a bronze statue .
In 1990 the Colosseum was put into the list of the heritage of humanity UNESCO while in 2007 it was included among the new Seven Wonders of the World .
The arena could hold about 70000 seats and the arena was about 75 x 46 meters and about 50 meters high .
It was built between 70 and 74 a .
C.
And it was inaugurated in 80 a .
C.
The name Colosseum spread only in the Middle Ages , in Ancient times it was used for gladiators shows and for other public shows .
Three Roman emperors built totally the Colosseum and they were Vespasian , Titus and Domitian .
The Colosse was often restored because it was often in difficult situations .
Finally I can say that the Colosseum it 's a fantastic construction as for beauty as for importance and if a tourist came in Italy for the first time he should see the Colosseum
dear Sir ,
I am writing with reference to the evening art course that I started last night .
I wish to express my dissastifaction with this course .
The first lesson was about painting , but because of the lack of equipment , we could not painting .
There were not enough brushes and colours for all the students .
perphaps because we were too many people and also , the more people we are , the more space we need and the room was too small .
We felt hot and he had not any refeshment facilities .
Never have I seen such a lack of organization .
When we complained to the course teacher , we were told that things do not depend on him .
He was not helpful and unpolite .
It was the first class , but as a teacher he could have had other behaviour .
I would like to learn in this art course , but you should solve the problems or improve them .
I look forward to hearing your views on this matter .
Yours faithfully ,
Ines Solorio
My perfect hotel would be near to the beach , in the Mediterranean coast , because in this area there are many tourists .
The hotel would be luxorius but everybody could come because the prices would be low , so the hotel would be always full , I think that many people want to go to a luxorius hotel but they ca n't .
The hotel would have many services and facilities like a good reception , spa , wifi conection and pay TV in the rooms , a great chef who did the dishes of the mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar in the beach and a boat for trips around the mediterranean sea .
I would like to hear the point of vieuw of tourists to improve the hotel .
This is the hotel of my dreams , but the most important is that the people were happy in their accommodation , if they are happy they will return next year .
One day a friend of mine was going to an amatuer theatre to see a musical and asked me if I would fancy joining her ; I am not fond of musicals , even though I went .
The peformance turned out to be pleasing , with a lot of witty jokes .
The acting was surprisingly emotional , but a bit wooden .
After the show I was introdused to one of the actors , who was my friend 's cousin .
I wandered if he was planning to enter any drama school .
His answer astonished me ; he did not want to become a professional actor .
Moreover , he found being famous extremely irritating .
I , like most people , took for granted that celebrities not only seek fame , but also benefit from it .
They experience gracious living , enjoy glitzy parties and admire their photos in glossy magazines .
Anyway , it is only one side - What do we know about the flipside of fame ?
Do we often think what it means to live under constant public scrutiny ?
Every mistake the famous make is charged against them .
They can do nothing that could n't be gossipped about .
They are even not allowed to have anything for their own .
Paparazzoes make public their day - to - day routine , hobbies and passions .
When it turns out that all who we got used to idolise are just people with their shortcomings , we become disappointed .
We watch mercilessly how celebrities topple from their thrones and even find pleasure in that .
People , it does n't matter if they are famous or not , are just people .
Nobody is perfect .
Why do n't we want to give people entertaning us a chance to be themselves and to have a really private life ?
Hello Beatriz ,
I love MASTERCHEF .
It 's one of the best tv cooking programme that I have ever seen and I absolutely agree with you when you say that this programme promotes the individual and collective work .
I have a friend who went to MASTERCHEF and he taught to the amateur cooks how to make bread .
He is a famous artisan baker who lives in my town .
He told me that it was an exciting experience .
I think that you give us a lot of information about the programme , and your opinion about it is very interesting .
I really like your review ! !
It all began a rainy morning of July , school 's out for 10 days and as a results of bad grades at school , Michael is forced to pass the summer with his hateful and rich cousins .
They are more beautiful and popular than he , all girls are in love with their and all boys would pay to participate in their parties , including Michael and their friends , who were always excluded .
" I would say stop the arrogance by my cousins " said Michael to your friend and thought to steal the keys of one of their millionar house and take a party with his friend .
In the end , the party turned out a success , for Michael was the beginning of his popularity .
But the house was destroyed and the neighborhood furred for the confusion caused during the night had called the police that without his knowledge waiting outside the house Micheal to take him to the police station .
After everything that had happened Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake
Dear Peter .
I 'm very glad to inform you that I will be your college at the next six months .
I 'll have plenty of time to do what I want , however I would like to spend my time in the right things .
Can you help me ?
First of all , the first two months , I would like to find an English academy .
Improving my English language it 's the best way to apply for a job .
I 've just finished my teacher degree and I have experience in schools , could you send me any webpage where I can find more information about how to apply for a job in the UK ?
I think that it could be a great opportunity to improve my English skills and learn lots of things about the UK culture .
I 've copied my CV at the end of the letter and if you know somewhere where they need a native Spanish speaker , please , contact me .
I would like to save some money , and at the end of my UK experience , spend my time travelling around your country .
Is it interesting ?
Could you tell me the most important attractions around your city ?
Send me some tourist information if you have .
If you have days off I hope we can meet at the road and join me .
Have a nice weekend . Best wishes
Guillermo
Think about your family , is it important to you ?
It should be because it helped you to be what you are today !
As I am 13 year younger than my brother , our parents stay more time with me than with him .
While he is already working and sharing a house with is wife and his daughter , I need mom and dad to live .
Now I have them almost just for me .
In a family , responsibilities increase with age . I have some , not a lot .
Sometimes I have to take care of my little cousins or my neace , clean my bedroom , not much .
Nowadays Environmental issues have become a great concern for scientist as the problem is growing .
However , layman people seem not to worry about the issue very much .
What can people do every day to help the environment ?
People are not aware that a small change in their lives is of great help .
Water and electricity are wasted day after day , while a little change in people 's habits can make a difference .
Transport has always been a mayor problem .
If the bus was taken more often , instead of going by car , it would be of great help .
Peolpe have never taken into account that fact .
Another mayor problem is lack of recycling .
If people recycles , rubbish will be given a second use , and rubbish dumps will be shrunk .
All in all it seems that if such tiny changes are made , a huge help to save natural resourse will be done .
decorated with a phrasal verbs
first you must explode the old one and clean up the mess of the exploding , second , paint the wall by yourself with a black color until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use the wallpaper it 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall , the third step is " of course " you 'll go to buy the furniture from Damietta , here is some tips you can take it , if you are a single ! then you can buy a big purple cozy sofa with many colorful pillows to throw it out all over the place , but if you are a married !
then let your wife makes the decision , finally , if you are broke up recently , then do n't do anything , just light up your cigarette and hang out with your xx - girl friend ,
okay , let us back to the decoration ,
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She just felt it under her skin .
She always believed in such premonition .
Even though she had forgotten to turn on her alarm clock , she woke up at 7 sharp as she wanted the day before .
The weather outside the window were totally different .
The sun was shining and birds were singing .
She made herself a cup of a very aromatic coffee and she did n't even burn toasts as usual !
She thought that this day would n't be ordinary .
Suddenly , she looked at the calendar on the fridge and realized that today 's her birthday .
Moreover , the next day her party is held .
She quickly packed her hand bag and ran out for a bus to university .
At classes everyone was very kind for her .
Peter brought her favourite chocolate and Kate made a special birthday card with a poem .
Anna got the best mark in the group from the previous test .
The last lecture was cancelled , so she was able to go shopping with her friends .
After some hours in a shopping centre girls were very content .
When Anna came back home , she saw a huge bunch of red roses and behind it Mark was sitting .
She started to shout and cry , because she was very happy that her fiance came from abroad one week earlier than he planned .
What a surprise !
That was the most lucky day from Anna'a life .
Many people choose to go travelling to relax .
Going travelling , people may scheduled various destination and time .
People may want to discover different places in a city , town , even in an alley .
According to the above reasons , car travelling will be the best choice .
Unlike public transportation , there is no limit in your way , no fixed timetable by car travelling .
You can start your journey at any moment , any time .
You do n't have to wait until public transport arriving .
As good as your car is , you can go anywhere you want with your car , no matter which mountain , beach , or city is .
Car travelling makes people feel free during the journey .
There is no need to sit with strangers who may cause in an awkward situation .
You can travel alone .
You can also travel with your pet .
Most of the time , pet is not allowed to be in a public transportation , which not a good thing for a pet owner .
Above all , car travelling is not only convenient but also free in your journey which leads public transportation into a fading future .
The conception of beauty has changed since people started thinking they need to be thin to become pretty .
Sandrine has been a model for five years so far .
She has always looked for perfection .
Also , she admitted she would do anything to have a perfect body .
However , she never imagined how dangerous this job could be .
Since Sandrine became a model , she has changed her diet .
It has been three years now since she stopped having lunch .
Sandrine always skips it because she thinks it is unnecessary if she wants to be thin .
Today , Sandrine fainted up during a runway .
People were very worried about her .
Doctors said she has become an anorexic .
Sandrine realized modeling was a dangerous job , because it can make you change your mind about your own body and diets , and you could easily become ill without even knowing it .
Nowadays , It is painful that not too many people realize how degrading and dangerous this job could actually become .
I had never felt so nervous when about six months ago I decided finally to join the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) exam .
The exam is organized by Cambridge ESOL and it takes place twice a year .
Because I had decided to take my exam in June , it was absolutely necessary to join an English preparation course as soon as possible .
If I would like to pass the exam , I had to improve my English skills .
So , I had started to learn English very frequently and pretty hard .
I had been learning English for the last six months .
I had studied English at least two hours a day and longer .
Very soon I had recognized that the process of learning was not easy as I fought .
I had a lot of things to improve , such as writing and reading skills .
Moreover , I had many problems with the English grammar .
It was pretty sure that a lot of work had been waiting for me ahead .
But I am really lucky person . I had found a good teacher who supported me all the time . I also had some colleagues who had the same aims as mine .
We had been meeting for learning frequently .
We had organized some additional exercises , such as English movies night , a one day trip to London , and a book discussion about English writers and poets .
Because we did n't live in any English native country , we had tried as much as possible to create an English speaking environment .
Today it is a big day for me and my colleagues .
Finally , we take the FCE exam .
I hope we will pass it , because we did our best .
I want to be an expert in such areas as drilling , exploitation and development of oilfield , that is why I want to get a master degree abroad , or PhD at my university .
I think I have sufficient background , my GPA is good enough .
Beyond that throughout my university education , I have been a participant of scientific conferences and I took pains to practically assimilate everything I had learnt during my study .
For example , I have successfully completed « Offshore Drilling » course of « Total » Professors Association and I mean to broaden my outlook in the future .
Hi , dear Isabel !
As you know I just moved too a new town .
I love it here in Spain .
The town is not to big but still not to small .
I have already met many new kind people .
I think I will really like it here .
Of course I miss you and all of my friends back in Sweden , but I will visit you guys soon !
Here are lots of tings to do , you can swim , go on a road trip , visit the zoo and go for a walk .
The main attraction here is absulotely the beach .
It 's a nice beach with white sand and blue wather .
I Love the beach , because I can swim , go tanning , and dive in to the ocean and ser all kind of fish .
I hope everything is great back in Sweden , see you soon !
Hi David
How are you ?
Have you read any good magazine recently ? I 've just bought a new magazine called coolclub , which only started a week ago .
Inside , there are really great photos and lots of articles about all our favourite singers and bands .
There 's going to be a competitions for a month , whit excellent prizes .
The magazine also has a letters page and they pay $ 25 for the most interesting letter or email .
I think I 'll try to write something funny , to win $ 25 .
Perphas I 'll describe our journey by boat round the island .
Do you remember ?
You were taking a photo of me and I suddenly fell in the sea !
I 've always laughed so much !
Write and tell me about the magazines you enjoy reading .
With love from Dimitri .
To : The organiser
From : Joonas Åberg
Subject : Opinion on what young poeple are interested
Date : 27.10.2015
Here is the report you asked for about my opinion ,
what young people are interested in today .
First of all , our generation youth people are more
open - minded and toreant in my opinion .
Music style and
clothes wearing changes very quickly .
Television series
or movies do not really change , young people watch old
shows and new ones by turns , so I can not say what TV
programmes young people like to watch .
Now , young people like different kind of music , I think
pop and disco music is something all young people like .
Because this kind of music connects them on party .
It soothes them , calms them , aggravates them , excites them .
That is why music is very import thing about this festival .
Clothes theme is harder like I said before , because fashion
changes swiftly .
Clothes need to be open and free , simple enough .
We all want to feel good what we wear , I recommend hipi style
clothes , not too hipi , but something comfortable .
Of course
it depends what season your doing the festival .
When autumn , winter
time then I suggest some other style , it has to be comfotable but
fashion enough .
Maybe colorful and cool blankets when someone gets
cold .
All in all , I think those tips help you and I hope you will
give those people one good international festival .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
With reference to your recent ad about weekend cafe work , I am interested to apply .
My name is Amy . I am a full - time housewife and looking for part - time work at weekends near my home .
I have been a full - time housewife for about ten years since my kids was born .
Cooking is part of my daily work , which is also one of my hobbies .
I enjoy cooking and interested in different kinds of food , especially Asian cuisine .
I had expenience in cooking food and reception for parties / functions as I was a member of the School Parent Association of my kid 's school .
As a member , during many occasions such as Christmas Party and School Open Day , I had opportunities to learn different kinds of food from other members as well as providing reception duties .
I really enjoyed answering parents ' enquires and introducing our school to them .
These are invalunable and relevant experience to the job I applied for .
Also , I am availalbe to work for long hours at weekends .
It would be grateful if I could be selected for interview .
My mobile no . is 1234567 .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
Yours sincerely ,
Amy King
Whether movies and TV programs made in our own country are more interesting than movies and programs made in other countries has been widely discussed .
Many people are of the opinion that domestic movies and TV programs are better than foreign ones .
However , I strongly assert that movies and TV programs made in other countries are better for the following reasons .
To begin with , foreign movies and TV programs are more stimulating .
To elaborate , their story are better as there are more twists and turns in plots .
Although the plots full of turns , they still very reasonable , and not make their audience felt that the plots are very strange .
Moreover , the special effect are better because foreign movies usually cost much more money than native to make .
For example , the first one 3 dimensional movie , Avatar , the movie maker spend a lot of energy and time on developing the novel movie genre .
It eventually made very good impression on its audience , and the most important for a commercial movie , it really did very well at the box office .
Additionally , people can learn more things from foreign TV programs and movies .
Watching foreign TV programs and movies , their viewers can learn not only foreign language but also exotic cultures .
Furthermore , foreign TV are more international and educational .
For instance , we can know many foreign news from watching CNN .
The news in CNN including events which are happening all over the world .
What 's more , the National Geographic and Discovery also teach me a lot of information and knowledge which I ca n't learn from native programs .
In contrast , some people consider that domestic films are more familiar than foreign ones .
They do not want to learn so much becuase they just watch movies for fun .
There is some truth in the claims that watching movies and TV programs is a relaxed activity .
However , I still consider that if people can learn some foreign culture , or appreciate the spirits which foreign films contain , they could get more reflection as recreating .
Plus , watching foreign programs also could attain the goal of those people-- relaxation .
In sum , although there are some dissenting views , one can still safely come to the conclusion that foreign films and TV programs are more interesting than domestic movies and TV programs .
Although movies in our own country are more popular than past , the foreign movies still play important role on domestic movie goer 's mind
With an intense passion in fashion , I aspire to become a professional product merchandiser in the apparel industry and initiate myown branding business with my older sister and her husband .
Both of whom have more than five years of experience in marketing planning and own a large number of fabric sources .
Therefore , I plan to maximize my previous experience with knowledge of psychology , skill of product development design to pursue graduate studies , and build up my ability in the Master of Fine Arts program in Fashion merchandising at Academy of Art University .
It is said that the main objective of telelevision is entrentein people and make their free time happier .
However , television should n't be used only for this purpose for different reasons .
On the one hand , most people have , at least , one television in their homes , so it is very accessible to everyone .
For this reason , instead of entertaining , television should contain educative programmes .
Nowadays , children spend more time at home than before .
They are used to manage different technologies as television or computer .
I think that children ca n't be supervised for their parents all the time because they have to work and make home tasks .
For this reason is important for them having a good educative programme on television .
I ' am not saying that television has to educate our children , but it has to offer programmes which make them revise essential things as numbers or letters .
Television is very important to give language skills to children .
When I was young I used to watch television every afternoon to learn interesting things as geography or maths and it helped me a lot .
Television allowed me to learn how to speak Catalan correctly and it also gave me a good conversation issue to talk with friends .
Food passion !
I like very much to eat , when I can , in the pub near my house .
In this place " Stella d'oro " the owners prepare delicious rolls .
In particular every week you can find " Il panino più " , a special roll created by the fancy of the cook .
Of course I prefer to go to this pub with my family or with my friends , especially if I have to celebrate something , for example birthdays , anniversaries or something else .
I remember , when one of my daughters celebrated her eighteenth birthday , the pub 's owner put the number eighteen , made by cheese on the roll , with a little candle .
When I go there I also drink a good mixed beer : half light beer and half red beer with of a good flavor .
Of course with the roll we also order a lot of chips .
If we are all that we are still hungry we order cakes .
They have many different cakes : profiterol , meringata , tiramisù and so on .
Of course if the six of us go together is quite expensive , but if I go only with my husband I do n't spend so much .
I suggest everyone go to this place because not only is the food good but also the owners are very friendly .
The only problem is to find parking space because this pub is in a narrow road where it is not easy to find space to park the car .
But if you are lucky you can park .
Some people say that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Of course , spending hours in the shopping mall may be tiring .
But it can be also really relaxing and pleasant .
It is said that only men hate to go shopping .
Especially with their mothers , girlfriends or wives .
But also women think that shopping can be an unpleasant experience .
Particularly when we talk about everyday running from shop to shop to buy lettuce , meat or a tooth paste .
It can be really frustriting .
But when we think about going to the shopping centre with our friends it can be fun . We do n't even have to have money , because we can just go and do windowshopping .
Without spending money , we can get inspired by new collections or people that we see in the city .
I can understand people who say that shopping is boring .
Especially when we go from shop to shop but we ca n't find anything interesting .
And I do n't even want to think about the situation when we really need to buy something because of the coming pmor wedding .
But we can do online shopping , which seems to be easier sometimes .
It is a good for people who do n't want to leave their homes or they just do n't like the crowded shops .
We need shopping .
Even if we do n't have to do daily shopping because of our mother or somebody else , someday we will have to go out and buy something .
We also sometimes just need to get new clothes .
Generally , shopping can be seen as enjoyable experience or just a usual need in order to survive .
A most famous person from my country is Mr. John Stefferson , who worsks in a department store and always planning how to make people life more comfortable and better .
He deserves to be famous because he has his own charity and helps to poor families with little children .
Sometimes I lisen to the radio and hear his comments about some global problems in my own country and some suggests about how to make our life better .
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise .
There was a little cardboard box with my name on the top .
I picked it up from the ground .
I was just about to close the door , when I heard mum from the kitchen : " Who was it , Bryan ? "
" What is it ? " she asked .
I had absolutely no idea .
I started to open it very carefully .
There was a ticket for my favourite music band .
They had a concert that evening in New York .
I talked about it with mum . "
Should I go if I do n't know , who send this to me ? "
She was surprisingly open to thought that I could try it at least .
It was n't common from her side .
So I did it .
I was sitting and waiting in a concert hall .
The seats next to me were still empty .
When it happened .
In the middle of a crowd was standing my mum with my dad , who had just returned from the war .
I were absolutely excited .
It was the best night of my life .
UNEXPECTED VISIT
The door bell rang .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise ...
There was she , staying front me .
I thought I was dreaming first .
What the hell she was doing here !
How dare she could come to my door!There was no words to express my feelings ...
She 'd stolen my fiancee many years ago .
We 'd been preparing to get married .
I'd been in my country for a while since I need to apply a visa for living in his country .
Suddenly , he 'd cut the connection between us .
I could n't get in touch with him whatever I 'd done .
Every way I 'd tried was useless .
He 'd set walls between us .
After a while , I 'd seen a picture on his facebook page .
It was an angagement ring !
The congratulations words below the picture was explaining everything : He've got married to someone else !
I could n't believe my eyes !
How come he 'd done that to me !
What happened all those words he 'd given to me !
Asking him was useless .
All the answer I could take was a huge silence ...
I managed to keep calm though there was thunder inside my heart .
But I could n't speak anyway .
Just looked her with asking eyes .
" He 's died . " she said as if she was whispering .
Her voice was weak and shaky .
" I 'd found this in his office . "
Then handed me a box and walked away .
Nothing more ...
Now , after all those long years have gone by with full of pain , disappointments , missing and regrets ; all I have was the memories which saved by him into a little wooden box .
I 've never got the reason made him leave me although all his love for me , unfortunately ...
People argue that today 's television is a load of rubbish , the quality of many programs is absolutely questionable and in many cases the language is vulgar .
Reasons why television has inherited this reputation are several .
First of all , the many repeats of all programs like serials or films do not motivate people to watch it .
Then , the large number of entertainment programs broadcasted discourage those who want more cultural or factual programs , as they have been drastically reduced .
It seems a result of the fact that , after a long day , people prefer to unwind in front of the television , watching " entertainment programs " rather then news or what 's up in the World .
Moreover , on television there are a lot of advertising constantly interrupting the broadcast , and of course this fact is very unpleasant .
Despite all these facts , it is without doubt that television has changed our lives .
There are also positive things that we have to take into consideration before to condemn it .
For example , the wider choose of programs from all over the World , allow us to discover new cultures , new languages and new societies without travelling , and this enhance our knowledge .
In addition to that , the cost of the television as an entertainment form compared to the cinema , the theatre or Opera is cheaper and affordable by everyone .
Also , it is very important to remember that we have always the possibility to choose what we want to watch and when .
To sum - up , I think television is a very good value for money , the point is being able to choose what we want to watch .
Famous people are exposed to criticism and public opinion , but what does it mean ?
Firstly , there are two kinds of famous people : those who want to have a private life and who do n't want everybody knowing each aspect of their lives and those who sell certain parts of their lives in magazines , journals or TV programmes or their entire private life .
Secondly , taking this into account , I think that everybody has the right of having a private life and the right of living without journalists following them to everywhere .
It 's true that their lives are too much exposed and they can not have a normal life .
Of course , they can control that by complaining in a trial .
Thirdly , in my opinion they have the right also of selling only the parts of their lives they want .
But in contrast , there is the problem of when they should stop , and journalists continue selling information or pictures and it could arrive an embarrassing moment and if you have sold a kind of things like this before you ca n't say nothing .
To summarize , I believe that everybody deserve to have a private life .
When it does n't occur , they have to go to trials .
Dear Jo ,
It is absolutely rewarding to receive good news from an old friend who has been absent of my life for so long time .
I would be completely happy to provide you with some accommodation while you stay in my country .
I am currently working at a place where I am getting a great wage so I have the possibility to accompany you on your journey .
We might go to the most representative places of Mexico such as : Templo mayor , Cancún , Acapulco , among many others .
In mexico , a foreign person do not face difficulties to be hired by a company . I would be pleased to help you with this part of your experience in my contry . I know that you are someone who loves animals ,
perhaps we can go to the city zoo in order to verify wheter there are any vacancies that fit with you .
Something I can do is to make some research about the places that need people who speak Englsih fluently .
As you know , in this country if you are someone who speaks more than 1 language , you have the chances to obtain a great job .
Please let me know if you need something extra while you are here .
Maybe a special diet , special clothes or any kind of thing you might need that will not be easy to find here .
Best regards ,
Luis
I played wrestling at the College .
This was during my first year at the College .
This sport is performed in a group of twos .
It is performed one after the other according to their age groups .
Wrestling is new sport , which is unknown to many of my colleagues at the College .
It is played by both boys and girls .
Wrestling is performed during the night time when the moon light is on .
Wrestling is contested by two people while others wait for their turns respectively .
It starts with a drumming and singing by young girls of the community .
This were all the beautiful girl are shown to the young men of the community .
It is another method of admiring girls .
Wrestling is both interesting and entertaining sport .
Traditionally , we provide a firewood as a means of light at night for the sport .
It takes place in the middle of the village where there are enough space for the spectators .
Before the contest starts .
Referee advise players about the rules of the game .
As such , referee explains the rules of the game through their captains i.e. Health and Safety .
The game starts with dancing and singing .
Refreshments are on sale at a discounted price to visiting team .
This is a sport performed by young people only .
The rationale for the College are : to educate the student about our culture , ritual , values and out ways of life in the village .
First of all I lived in London for three weeks in 2012 .
I am a teacher in a High School and the authorities in my country let me stay there , improving my English .
I would like to say that learning any languages is complicated to someone , whatever you come from , but in my opinion there are many matter to discuss .
A good ilustration of this would be children .
One child whose parents come from different countries is able to learn two languages at the same time , this child does n't need to go abroad to learn a foreign language , but they are listening to their parents speaking English their native language all the time and this let them learn without any difficulty .
On the other hand , if you go abroad you will be able to improve your English in anglophone country , in this case , your knowledge will be reinforced with your stay there .
To sum up , if you want to learn English you do n't need to go abroad , you can improve your English working hard inside your own country , for example , doing exercises like listening and writing or you can meet with native people who speak English to practise with them .
But if you have one opportunity to go abroad , this would be so good for you and your English .
After my graduation , I was employed by AECOM Asia Ltd Co. as a graduate engineer since September 2013 .
I was assigned to work on project of the CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd under agreement of Term Geotechnical Consultancies .
I assisted the project engineer in Engineer Inspection for Maintenance .
Regular maintenance is essential for all man - made slopes to avoid deterioration .
We are working on those slopes near power station or pylon .
The maintenance responsibility of those slopes belongs to the CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd.
Before inspection , I need to take the course which is conducted by CLPP for the access permit .
The course is mainly on workplace safety within power station .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
my name is Eleonora Palerma , I am 17 years old and I live in a city in northern Italy called Seregno .
I am writing to apply for the job of summer camp assistant which I saw advertised in the " Daily mail " .
Apart from studying at the high school " Marie Curie " of Meda , I sing in a choir as a soprano and my director would be pleased to speak for me if you would like to contact him to get further information .
I am keen on sports , especially volleyball , which I started playing at an early age , and I suppose I would be able to teach them how to play it and to organise a tournament .
I think I would be a suitable candidate for the job because I am used to looking after my neighbours ' children and I have recently attended a course about first aid so I would be ready to medicate children in case they get injured .
In addition to my native language I can speak German as well as English in fact I am attending a first certificate course now and last year I spent 2 months in Berlin , my german teacher would be happy to receive your call to tell you more about my language experiences .
If it is necessary I would be willing to come for an interview at any time .
I hope you will consider my application .
Yours faithfully ,
Eleonora Palerma
these are the references Mr Zandonella at 334 123456 and Mrs Malvicini at 3dG1QIup9c@libero.it
they are more than willing to reply to your requests .
In my opinion , the home of the future wo n't change much .
It still has to have the same elements like : roof , walls , floor , ceiling , basement , loft , door or windows .
Construction will be ameliorated .
However a sweeping appearance wo n't be different .
Although , I think , that all the systems , which work in homes ( electricity , gas , heating system , water , etc . ) will be upgraded .
New technologies are going to seize architecture .
Though , it will affect on the environment in a good way .
I think , that the home of the future will be huge , but single - storey .
For one thing - convenience .
Nobody likes stairs and lifts .
The next thing is big windows .
It is the most important element in the home of the future .
Huge , bulletproof windows are my biggest dream . I could n't live without them .
Except that , every room will be full of interactive gadgets .
Owing to that people wo n't need to meet and talk .
Roger Okeefe 83 years old is being referred to your care for further assistance .
He is now recovering from Malignant Melanoma left shoulder .
He has been admitted into our care on 16/03/07 and underwent a surgery .
Since his discharged from the hospital we have been doing our daily home visit and wound dressing and also assisting him with his showering .
Mr keefe 's general condition has been improved .
His wound is healing well and is free from complication .
Mr keffe , who lives with his wife in a housing commision home , is an age pensioner and no children .
On observation they are getting some help from their neighbors , however they are having problem keeping up their household routine .
As per the doctor 's order we have organized daily home visit until 4/7/08 after which our nursing care will end .
Therefore , it would be greatly appreciated if you can organize a home visit and provide further assisstance for this family .
Should you have any question please do not hesitate to contact me .
Yours sincerely ,
Melody Varela
Dear students ,
Welcome in the city of Hasselt .
I wish you a wonderful time in my hometown .
Hasselt offers a wide range of interesting activities and has a lot of places of interest .
What you really can not miss is the big shopping street .
Hasselt is famous for its great shopping accommodation .
You will find all different types of shops .
Hasselt has it all , from museums and shops with the latest fashion , to shops with local products such as gingerbread and gin .
If you are getting tired from wandering through all the streets and alleys , you can always go and have a pleasant drink in one of the many little cafés at the market square .
In the evening , when all the daytrippers are gone , the city wakes up again and all the bars reopen .
You should really have a taste of Hasselt 's dazzling nightlife .
Kind regards , Wouter .
THE MOST INTERESTING WEEKEND ON MY LIFE
I had always believed that the best memories of life were when you meet new people , new places , going out with your friends , taking sun on the beach , thingS like this .
Are beautiful moments , but now I reckon that there is n't nothing more interesting than having all your family together talking about whole background .
Surprising stories that we will not never imagine .
My family are n't so close and is distributed in many cities on my country , after some incidents in the past , many things changed and each family followed their own way .
However , my siblings and I decided to set up a big surprise to my father for his birthday number 50 .
We tried to contat the most amount famiy as we could .
It was a perfect weekend because there was a holiday on Monday .
We rented a wonderful place outside our city , spectacular atmosphere .
It was the most interesting and astonishing weekend that I have lived eve .
Firstly , to see father 's face when he saw all people .
A long time I haven't seen my father so happy . secondly , seeing how big is the family now , many children .
Everything was amazing , a lot of memories , we laughed a lot , we did many activities like bbq , table games , watched movies , swimming pool , among others .
Now I believe that the best moments in the life are when you have time with your family , is the best way to recharge energy for everything .
Many times we pay more attention to other things , it can do it in many opportunities .
Family is one , and we do n't know when can lose them .
In my opinion travelling by car is more comfortable than travelling by public transport because you can choose where do you want to go and the time you prefer to start your trip .
Travelling around the city by car was faster than public transport .
If I won the lottery , I would buy an electric car because you can you park in the center of the town .
And when you want to move around your city , if you go by car , most of the time you ca n't park your car because there are very few car parks in the cities .
Sometimes public transport is interesting because you can use it when you want to go to a party and you probably drink some wine , beer , etc .
If you would like to go fast to somewhere , do n't use public transport because it is very slow .
The problem to use our car instead of public transport is the pollution .
If everyone use public transport climate change does not increase more .
Hi Conie ,
How are you ?
I 've seen your letter and I 'm writing this to you to say what I do in my country to help saving the environment .
At my school I do n't do that much because we are just five people that are worried about the world .
We tried to convince the Headmaster to help us monetarily but it was n't enough .
At home I convinced my family to recycle and reuse the water that we ca n't drink , to give to our plants .
Now what do you do at your school and at your home ?
Tell me I 'm curious .
See you
Francisco
Indroduction
The aim of this report is to outline what are the best places to have fun in Valencia for young people , what facilities exist for them and how these could be made better .
Activities around the city
My city , Valencia , is a touristic city situaded by the sea .
Young people can enjoy going to the cinema in the city center after having some " tapas " and some drinks .
Also , it would be a good idea go to the beach to spend the day and play volleyball or sunbathing , because this it is always a good plan .
Valencia , has different areas to go out in the evening , but some of them required the passport , so if you are younger than 18 it would be difficult to enter .
Moreover , you can go to eat " Paella " and ride around the " Albufera " of Valencia in a small boat .
However , the art and science museum , it could be the funniest plan .
Other activities in the surroundings .
In addition i suggested going by bus around the surroundings of the city , where you can do adventure sports , like canoening , climbing or just walking around the mountains and enjoy the countryside
Recommendations
I recommend that they should do both activities , Valencia city and also de the surroundings .
Maybe I could check if I can bring you some free tickets for the public transport .
It would be great !
My family aand I like to watch movies all the time .
We are always go to the cinema to watch a new one .
My favourite kinds of movie is comedy and drama comedy because it has interesting plot and person , who watches comedy can lought all the time .
While person is watching this kind of movie he / she is just relaxing and has a good time .
Now I will further developed our last statement .
As Lloyd Cohen ( the Director of the Worldwide Market Analysis ) said lottery play is not economically irrational and uninformed .
He presents a theory in which buying lottery tickets is not a misguided input into wealth production as some critics believe , but a valuable input into creating a sense of possibilty from scaping from one 's current life by acquiring wealth .
It is certainly true that people who play are almost certain to lose money .
Cohen 's knwoledge is that playing the lottery is not automatically irrational .
Some people like to calculated the gain or lose from buying the lottery but other people that can afford a dolar ticket now prefer to keep their dreams .
People do n't invest the money they spend on lottery .
They spend it and get those dreams in return .
Though this has been an amusing debate , we the affirmative side , on the weight of our argument and proof , have concluded that lottery should n't be banned in the US and Spain , because it is a tradition , it gives help , hope and support to public entities and it must be a rational investment .
Hello dear Ben ,
I received your letter yesterday .
Sorry for my late answer .
I hope my suggestions will help you .
Our city has only one airport .
First of all you should find the entrance of the airport .
Then you should know that you there will be two kinds of transport .
Taxy is the first variant .
It 's the quickest way to come to my home but at the same time it 's more expensive .
Also you can use the bus .
You should write me the exact time of your plane arrival .
Then I 'll write back the timetable of bus arrivals .
It might be more boring way to my home but I like it for the price .
When you hear the bus stop Ploshad Truda you should leave the bus and I 'll meet you at this bus stop .
In my opinion the weather is better today than yesterday .
But it has been raining for four days .
So it would be very well if you take a warm coat and an umbrella .
Hoping to see you soon ,
your friend , Semyon .
Report :
The swimming pool in Brunete has customers from all age groups , but it is especially suitable both for young and elderly people in order to improve their mobility .
The building has two changing rooms for men and women .
Several bathrooms are available with cold and hot water in them and a 25 metre - length heated pool .
As far as I am concerned there are some pros and cons about the use of the swimming pool .
On the one hand everything is very cleaned including floor , bath and corridors , in addition , if you are a disabled person you will not have any trouble to get there because there are some ramps to help you come in .
On the other hand you will have to pay 45 euros a month to use facilities , and besides , you will not be able to do exercises because there is not any gym inside the building .
In my opinion the swimming pool is convenient because you can walk to swim if you live in town but is very expensive , particularly for young people .
I suggest that prices should be lower than they actually are .
Famous people have been always sorrunded by a lot of journalists and paparazzies who follow them wherever they go .
Those people could be politicians , film starts , singers , football players and so on living in a constant stress because they can not have a " normal " life , and , from my point of view , that 's normal because they live for this , they are public people and because of this they have to keep calm and carry with it .
Therefore , most of this famous people complain of this but it is logical that all the media , television , radio and journalists are constanlty devoting every minute of the day to them because people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doing every second , in knowing with whom they are , in knowing what they like or do n't like , their hobbies , in short , in knowing everything about them .
In conclusion , being famous is really difficult and frustrating as well , but in contrast , they earn a lot of money and they are loved by so many people though they have to accept some critics because not everybody has to love them .
I do agree with a statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
When we need to buy something , we mostly choose shopping centres .
It has many disadvantages .
It 's a large space with a lot of shops , so we need much time to visit all of them .
After a few hours we are so tired , that we do not have power to do anything else .
Besides , in the shopping centres there 's a loud energetic music played all the time and a crowd of people , so we get home with a huge headache .
Money is another reason why we do not always enjoy the shopping .
We live in a time of acquisitiveness and people buy many things , even if they ca n't afford it .
Of course , people usually do not need all of those things .
This behaviour causes a moral hangover and a spiral of credit .
Times in which we live are conducive to addictions .
People addicted to shopping in the long run do not enjoy this ritual anymore - they do it just because they have to , although they have no money and no space at home for all those things they buy .
I think we should learn to buy only things we really need and we can afford .
Sometimes better is to visit some small shops than big centres .
This should help us enjoy shopping .
Public transport is the future .
Today in big cities public transport is necessary for tourists , students , kids and workers ; but the situation is very different in small cities .
In Italy there are few cities with the hunderground and often in the smaller cities there are only bus .
A good public transport is the sign of a civilized city . in this way there are fewer cars so less traffic .
Public transport also reduces the cars ' pollution and saves fuel .
I hope for the next generations a better public service and an increasement of its use .
thanks to this new life stryle our cities will be more liveable .
I get up at 6:15am .
I brush my teeth and brush my curly hair .
At 6:20 I open my laptop , go to page : Youtube.com and start to study French with Mrs .
Alexa Giordano every morning .
I write down new French vocabularies or grammars into my notebook .
Around 7:15am , I take a shower and get dressed , I usually wear jeans and T - shirts .
I pack my backpack , take my garbage bag and look around my room for one last time to make sure : I do n't forget anything . I go downstairs and put the garbage bag into the trash bin .
I go to the garage to take my motorbike .
It takes me about 30 minutes to drive to my company , It depends if the traffic 's good .
As usual , I buy a coffee and breakfast on the way , I can have bread or sweet potato for my daily breakfast .
When I 'm at work , I check my emails and reply if it is urgent and write down " to do lists " .
I have lunch at 12 pm .
I have many choices for lunch but I prefer Hu Tieu or Pho .
I come back to work at 1 pm and go home at 5 pm .
I go to my art class at 6:20pm to 9 pm on Tuesday and Thursday evening .
The other evening , I stay at home and read books , or do some English exercises to improve my English skills .
On the weekend , I wake up at 6:15am but I get up at 7 am . I still study French with Mrs Alexa as usual . Saturday afternoon I hang out with my boyfriend , we go to the cinema or the coffee shop .
Sometimes , we meet our mutual friend and have dinner with them .
I often tidy my room and do the washing on Sunday morning .
In the afternoon , I do my art exercises or read books .
I always go to sleep at 10 pm .
Hello Mark !
Sorry for my late reply .
You should n't spend so much time watching television because it is n't healthy .
Actually , I do n't watch much television , because I do n't have much free time , but if I had it , I think I would watch more .
Now , that I 'm on holidays , I watch more tv , especially some series like : Criminal Investigation or The Mentalist .
They are really good !
To relax , I used to read , listen to music , go to the cinema , hang out with friends , go shopping , ride a bike or swim .
What do you do to relax , beside watching TV ?
Hope to hear from you soon ,
Inês .
The reasons for Greece 's terrible economic situation are that Greece has surrender its currency sovereignty to the European Central Bank , by which Greece could not apply monetary policy to spur its economy , and the Greek government is very corrupted so that Greeks could easily dodge taxes .
In contrast , in Taiwan , we have our own currency and the government is efficient and well - organized .
Clearly , Taiwan will not be the next Greece .
Monetary policy could be a very useful short term financial tool for a government to stimulate its worsening economy , and , from the empirical experience , many countries have successful applied such policy .
In 2012 , Japanese central bank unprecedented depreciated Yuan , which has obviously improved its exports and recovered its economy from stagnation .
Obviously , Taiwan has its own currency , new Taiwan dollar , and if Taiwan 's economy is worsening someday , Taiwanese government could simply mimic what Japanese government did in 2012 .
Not only Taiwan is different from Greece in currency sovereignty , it also wins in government 's efficiency .
According to a global survey , Taiwan wins reputation in effectiveness , in which Taiwan government has legislated severe laws to prevent corruption .
Therefore , Taiwanese have to pay taxes by regulation and do not dare to evade taxes .
Without a doubt , the efficacy of Taiwanese government is beneficial to people 's welfare .
All in all , Taiwan has currency sovereignty and is well - known for its effectiveness .
Therefore , Taiwan would not be sunk down like Greece .
As a country , Taiwan has to stick to its ordinary path to create lovely and healthy environment to its civilians .
Once upon a time a mason called Nick that had a family of four , two sons and his wife but they had conflicts with the studies of their children , the money he earned was not enough to maintain the whole family they were in poverty .
His kids dreamed with a big house that has a pool , a third floor , Jacuzzi and a beautiful landscape to the beach , also they wanted to have a dog , if they had one it would be called Winy .
They told every dream to their dad , and they know he would enforce it even though under the circumstances it seemed to be impossible he would try .
Next week a cousin that he did not know , he was a very reach man and when he knew about their problem he decided to help so he gave them an incentive .
He said that if Nick makes a house of two floors he would buy it and pay the studies of the children lifelong , which gave a reverse to the impossible
Nick started making the planes for the house , from that moment he trended to get to his house and at the moment drag the planes and continue working when he finished the planes after months of working on them he started to bring it to life , the house would be made of wood because he could not pay for more .
After months of working in the house he finished , and his cousin gave him a bonus reward of one million dollars to start with , buying a big house with everything they want .
The kids started going to a private school .
When they got eighteen they could get a good job because of their good studies .
They could give a good life to their families and have a dog also called Winy , and all this thanks to the rich man that nobody knew .
The pie chart shows the principal causes which justify why agricultural lands became less productive , whereas the table correlates these causes with three different regions of the world which had land degraded , namely North America , Europe and Oceania , during the 1990s .
Overall , it is clear that the main causes for land degredation were deforestation and over - grazing .
These causes also had a negative impact on two regions that were analysed , in Europe and Oceania , and , consequently , these areas had higher rates in terms of total land degreaded .
A closer look at the pie chart reveals that over - grazing was the most important reason why land was so degraded , with the highest percentage of 35% .
This was followed by the deforestation , with 30% , while over - cultivation had 28% .
Finally , 7% could be explained for other reasons .
It may be justified by the fact that there was an excess of chemicals in the agricultural activity .
This also needs to be compared to the table .
Not surprisingly , these causes played an important role when we talk about the percentage of land which was affected by these causes , particularly in Europe and Oceania .
In the first case , Europe reprented the highest percentage of land degraded caused by deforestation and over - cultivation , 9.8% and 7.7% respectively .
This was a great impact on total land degraded as Europe was more affected , with a total of 23% .
By another side , Oceania had the highest land degraded rate at 11.3% bacause of over - grazing , which also contributed to having 13% of land degraded .
By contrast , in general North America had the lowest rates in deforestation and over - grazing , with 0.2% and 1.5% respectively .
for this resaon , this region presented the lowest percentage of land degraded , with only 5% .
There are many famous buildings in Guangzhou .
One of them is Canton Tower .
If you travel to Guangzhou , you ca n't miss this series because this is a symbol of Guangzhou .
Canton Tower is located at an intersection of Guangzhou New city Central Axes and Pearl River .
It is the highest tower in China and the third highest tower in the world .
The height of the tower is 600 metres , with 450 metres main body and 150 metres of its antenna .
The tower has a special name called ' slim waist ' because the shape of it is twisting .
We can see different picture of the tower from different angles .
This is not only a sightseeing building , but also has a lot of recessional facilities .
For example , the tower has 4D cinema , the highest revolving restaurant and so on .
Cantonese always spend their holiday with their child here .
Do you want to go to have a look after reading my introduction ?
Trust me , you will not regret it .
ARE YOUR FAMILY MEMBERS YOUR BEST FRIENDS ?
Firstly , I must say that I do n't consider that my family members are my best friends , not only because they have other problems to care about but also because I do n't know how to tell them my problems .
However , we consider a friend that person you can have fun with , laugh and meet . I 'm use to do that with my parents and my brothers but it 's not the same as when I meet my best friends .
Moreover , I think that I should n't ask them to have what we call a " therapy moment " as I do with my best friends when I 'm worried for something or someone , in fact I would n't know how to start telling them about that .
Some teenagers have the luck to be open - minded and they know how to speak with their parents and it 's a good way to solve problems .
In my opinion I think that I should have more confidence with my family and remember that they wo n't leave me for something I had done in other way my best friends can do .
In my town , there is no future for public transport , because the time necessary to get to the city centre is the same walking or by bus .
Travel by bus is expensive , bored and annoying .
The route makes many stops , in different places , so the way in the map is a mess .
This is like that all days , except Sunday .
On Sunday , the bus do n't work until 3 p.m.
From this hour , there is only one service every hour , until 10 p.m. Anyone of these 7 bus takes less a half hour to get to the city centre , in spite of Sunday has not traffic jam .
Buses are slow and noisy , and when you can get off of them , you are tired and angry , and probably you are not on time .
Is much more convenient you walk to the city centre .
The town is not a big city , so the air is not very dirty .
At the same time , you can get fit walking approximately 30 or 40 minutes , and you will not have the problem for park your car .
You will expend the same time travelling by bus or walking , but the difference is to get angry or not .
Transportation is a means of movement of one geographical location to another by any means of transport .
We have different means of transport .
They are transport by land , by air , by sea and by train .
We know in the olden days how our forefathers suffered in their movement .
If a person wants to trevel from Kano to Lagos he has no choice but to track .
Therefore , is not easy back there for anybody to use other means because there was non .
At present there are many means of transportation .
The technology brought about lots of development in transportation .
We can travel by air using the aircraft , aeroplane , helcopter and rest .
Unlike before we have big ships to use on the sea .
The train is also a very useful means of transportation and very economical .
I believed that technology really improve our ways and means of our transport .
So whoever want to star a journey has several choice of transport , eaither by sea , by air , by land or by foot .
I can not forget to talk about cars , lorry and vehicles .
They are very useful and speedy .
Thanks
Just like a fish in the water
Swimming is my favourite sport in the world , I started it when I was five years old , I really enjoy it , I feel that the water is my place in the word , I feel free .
Although I took part in many competitions , there are one which was the most enjoyable experience in my life .
I have to swimming in the Parana 's river with all the swimmers and coaches .
First , when I was in the starting line I felt could not finish the competition , then when we were in the water the coaches did not stop to encourage so was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so exciting to see our family waiting for us clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
If you are interested in taking part in this sport , I would suggested to buy all the equipment you will need : a comfortable swimsuit , goggles and a huge bag to keep them .
Status : Popular
' The moment of realisation hits you like tons of bricks , leaving you in a life full of regret and guilt '
His whole life , he only wished for one thing and that was to be popular .
Her name was Sara .
Michael had always seen her in the hallways , smiling and laughing .
Anywhere she went , she was always surrounded by a handful of students .
People got attracted towards her quite easily and often , they would find themselves adoring and admiring her .
Although she was n't pretty , she had an aura of importance .
Her presence was felt .
She was popular but not proud , and that made her even more likable by all .
All but one - Michael .
Whenever , he saw her , he felt pain .
Pain of jealousy .
A fire of hatred burnt his heart whenever he heard her gleeful laughter .
All his life , he had only wished to be popular but his dream of popularity had been long ago snatched by a girl .
That girl , who had once been his best friend .
That girl who had left him in need of time .
That girl who had done nothing but harm for him .
She was Sara .
His long lost best friend Sara .
That night had changed their lives .
Both of their lives .
In every way , in every form .
An innocent dare made by Sara which led Michael to walk in a path of wrong .
A dare to prove .
courage can change lives
He was isolated .
Abandoned by his friends .
All was a façade .
They had all worn masks .
Everyone , even his own Sara .
He had been wrong .
All along he was wrong .
They had n't isolated him , rather he had .
They had n't abandoned him neither had they distanced themselves from him .
He had distanced himself from them .
His Sara was there , all along she was there for him .
In the first place , she never left him .
She had always wanted to be with him but he had closed the door for her .
Yet , she waited , hoping he would realise she would always be there for him .
Tears were streaming down his face . Stinging his eyes .
He deserved it .
Every bit of pain .
He had been blind by rage .
All these years .
His selfishness stood in the way .
His delusions had drifted him away from her .
He had done such a huge mistake .
No tears or sorrys would make a less culprit .
No one should forgive him for what he did .
No one .
Right now , he has the one thing he always wished for - popularity , but only now does he realise , that it was meaningless , point less .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Each and every colour glow in the dark giving hope out of the darkness .
In this essay , I am going to discuss whether building a bypass around our town is beneficial to our community or not .
One of the advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting was that this bypass would lower the rate of air pollution around town , which I highly agree with because the extra traffic caused due to the passing cars added to the vehicles used by the locals cause massive smog in the atmosphere , not to mention being terribly bad to the health of the walking , cycling citizens , especially young children , babies .
Another important point is that this bypass would improve the traffic in the town center .
Mostly during 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go and finish work , that is when we get the most awful traffic jams , sometimes it takes an hour to get form point A to B in town which is a terribly long time not to mention parents who have to take their children to school , nursery and then get to work , too .
On the other hand the bypass might cause a drastic drop in tourism in the town .
However , it is also true to say that people who are actually interested in historical sites would visit the town anyway .
All in all , I would say the bypass would be more of a disadvantage than advantage , because it would cut us off from people and the town would receive less funding if it 's less important .
Local politicians should focus on sustainability , using vehicles which do not harm the environment .
On the 4th of April I met a group called Emblem3 .
Because I did n't find any ticket for the concert in London I bought one for the concert in Birmingham .
I 've booked the ticket nearly one month before the event .
The day before I started to freak out thinking that I was meeting them .
Else the ticket for the concert I bought the VIP ticket as well , so I had to go before to Birmingham , because the entrance to the venue was at 17:00 and as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I did n't have to rush .
I got to Birmingham at 14:00 , I think , and then , as I 've never been to Birmingham I had to look for the 02 Academy , where the event took place .
When I arrived there , I queued for the VIP queue .
At 17:00 they let us in the venue and they made all the checkings .
After 30 minutes started the acoustic performance which lasted for about 15 minutes , afterwards we took pictures .
When everybody took their photos , Emblem3 got backstage to get ready for the concert and after one hour it sterted .
I left the arena at midnight and I went to an hotel that I did already book online .
On the day after I went back home .
It was the best day of my life .
Dear Sir Madam ,
My name is Maria and I saw your advertisement and I am interested in the job .
On the one hand , I am studying to be a PE teacher so I know how to organise activities for young people such as fishing or doing a sport .
I'm good at entertaining parties What is more , I really enjoy working with them since they are very active and willing to do any kind of activities .
You also mentioned that I would need to work in the kitchens helping .
I could also add that I know how to cook for lots of people .
For all the reasons I mentioned before , I think I am the right person for this job .
I look forward to receiving your answer .
Yours Faithfully ,
Maria
It 's true that commuting to work is n't as convenient as going to work by car .
That 's the reason why more people prefer to spend more time stuck in traffic listening to songs instead of waiting a long time to take a bus which is usually crowded .
On top of that , taking a bus wo n't necessarily mean that you will save time because both buses and cars wo n't be able to move in the rush hour .
Besides , a car gives you more freedom and flexibility to make your own schedule while public transport limits you to a timetable that not always meet your needs .
After cars prevailed among the public , our governments have tried to pave rough roads , which promotes people to use cars even more .
Nowadays , it might be argued if the current transportation system would be working in the future like present , while there is a still big room for public transportation remaining as a significant method .
This essay will offer a couple of points about whether public transportation will still be around us or if it will disappear completely .
For a start , the convenience for us to travel around would probably be one of the main arguments .
In some countries , the amount of transportation such as train is not sufficient , which forces people to use private cars .
However , it is also true that there are always minors who have no choice but to take public transport and also for their parents it is definitely more reliable .
What is also important is the impact on the environment , which is already considerably damaged by human technology .
If a car which emits no serious global warming gas would be developed , there would be no argument that people had better reduce our use of cars , yet , as long as we are manufacturing them we could not find more eco - friendly and efficient ways than public transportation .
In conclusion , it is my belief that it is not possible for public transport to disappear in the future even though travelling with cars is more convenient than travelling with just trains or buses .
But in the same way as cars development , our governments might have to make some progress on public transport to encourage citizens to be more eco - friendly .
All of the world is constantly changing - develop a new technologies , people invented new think .
But why ?
To make life easier . People always want to make better their life .
Why not ?
I think that the home of the future will be different than now , but the main function of the home wo n't change , because for ages home have been a place where people can feel safely .
Everybody think that home is refuge .
In my opinion home in the future will be similar to present houses .
There always will be the kitchen , because we must eat , always will be the bathroom - you know why .
And in the home always will be a room to sleep and relax .
Home in the future may be more modern and safety .
Everywhere will be cameras and motion sensors .
Kitchen will be better eguipped , may be with smart appliances and people , who ca n't cook , will prepare the meal by yourself .
May be in the future homes will be self - cleaned and we need not clean up .
I think that the differences between home now and home in the future will be small .
Personally houses in the future will not be cosy , but very sterile . I do not like it .
Home should associate with family , happiness .
Not with cold and spacious rooms .
I think the statement is somewhat true .
Travelling by car is getting more convenient .
Traffic accidents , the main problem of car travelling , will be solved by self - driving technology .
Although driving by car is less safe than using public transport at present , driving will be safe .
However , there is also a problem .
Having a car takes much money .
Using public transport is cheaper than having a car , especially living in urban area .
The second problem may be solved by car - sharing .
If one wants to go somewhere , one can use a shared car which is parked at designated area .
By this method , people have to pay small fee for use a car , not much money such as having a car .
If car - sharing and self - driving technology are mixed , it will be much more convenient than both the conventional public transport and travelling my car .
People can go anywhere they want to go from anywhere .
People do n't have to possess their car paying much money .
It will be a new public transport .
All my life I practiced sports , but definitely my favorite sport is squash .
I started to training when I was ten years old .
I had never played a raquet 's sport before , so I was very excited to hit the small black ball with my racket .
Three times a week I played , then I went more often .
The first year I went to a tournament in Torreon and I win the first place , during the first 3 years I was ranking in the first 10 places of Mexico , but then I had to reduce my practices because I had a problem with my knees .
Play squash is an awesome activity and is easy to learn , I love that this game is very fast and you do a lot of exercise .
The bad news is that in Mexico is not very common , so it 's a little bit difficult to find a field and is expensive , more or less the price per hour is $ 150 pesos .
For someone new in this sport I would recommended be patient and constant in the training , because the practice is what make you better and helps to improve your level , and finally always enjoy the game .
Always been free .
Never had any serious relationship .
The longest was at the primary school , lasted 2 days , because her mother could cook the finest biscuits ever tasted .
Now he was 35 and he was still keeping on smile at the news of his colleagues and friends marriages .
He was so cynical to turn out to be very nasty and unpopolar .
Love last two and a half a year , he kep to remind himself .
Soon or later mariied people will get divorced .
Look at me , he said , I 'm free .
No one is happier than me .
Since one day he met a girl , on the train , she was n't that beauty but she had , you know , that smile , so peaceful , so harmonic .
It was love at first sight .
They started talking blaming for the train late and after two hours they were still chatting .
They laughed so much that they both forgot to get out at the right stop .
The poor two had gone too far and now they had to come back .
It was n't a problem .
They had a lot of fun .
Finally he arrived .
He said hello to the girl smiling .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Nowadays everybody has one or more cars , as a consequence of that , some people believe that public transport is going to disappear .
There are several reasons to believe that ; firstly , many people are influenced by the advertising which mixes happiness with driving cars and makes people think that public transport is not as a smart option as cars .
In second place , it is not enjoyable to wait for the bus or the underground .
On the other hand , there are a number of reasons against the end of the public transport .
For example , you must take public transport instead the car because it produces less pollution .
In addition , public transport is cheap because to buy a car meaning spend a fortune and in big cities , where are concerned about the environment such as Amsterdam or Tokio , there are many facilities as mobile phone applications or special offers .
To sum up , no one knows the future ; however , I believe that travelling on public transport is as convenient as by car or more because it is good to save up money and to reduce contamination .
" There is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient "
In my opinion less people are travelling by public transport and started to buy their own cars which is more comfortable to use whenever you are in a hurry or not .
In the first place you feel more comfortable in your own car than in a bus for example . You do n't need fear that someone could suddenly stole your purse or you do n't have to listen to the others when you travel by your car .
Studies have shown that your self esteem and feelings of protection increase when you are a car driver .
You do n't have to indulge staying in a crowded place with people you do n't know .
Saving some money and buy a car is the best thing you can do .
In the second place not all public transports are in their best shape .
Some of them are dirty and smell .
If you have your own car these things do n't bother you anymore cause you wash your car anytime you want .
In conclusion travelling by car is far better than using public transport
TORREBLASCOPEDRO , 5 AUGUST , 2014
Dear Sir ,
Through your job posting , I 'm informed that you are looking a person for working in summer camps USA .
I inform you that I 'm interested in the job .
I love children , I have already worked with them , it was a wonderful experience .
I 'm very hardworking and a funny person .
My level of English is very good , today I 'm learning and working hard to improve .
I would like to work in this job because I think that I could do very well and I could amuse the children .
If you hire me , you wo n't regret .
Yours faithfully .
ANA DEL MERINO PALOMINO .
Dear Paul !
Thanks for your e - mail and photos !
They are amazing !
I 'm very glad you enjoyed your holidays .
Spain must be really incredible !
I 'm writing to you to tell you about the U2 concert , which took place in " Spodek " arena in Katowice last month .
I must admit that this is my favourite band .
I 've always wanted to see them live and finally my dreams came true .
The best of it was that I saw them really close , because of my dad 's work .
As you know , he works in security company , called Solid Safety and he was appointed to be a bodyguard to even Bono !
Could you imagine my reaction , when he told me about it .
Of course , then he handed in two " Staff " tickets to me .
These tickets allow you to get in to the VIP zone .
I invited my classmate Sally and we went on a concert together .
We were so excited , when we got on .
Before the show we were helping in placing a sounding equipment .
During the concert we were standing on the backstage .
Where could be better ? !
After the last song my dad took us to the Bono 's room .
He was signing autographs and chatting with fans .
I will never forget it .
My dad took even a photo of us with him .
I must say , he is much more handsome in live that on the TV .
That 's all for now , but I will write more , when I find my feet ! I will appreciate my dad 's work forever .
Give my regards to your parents !
Love , Lisa
Hello ,
I 'm sending this Email to get some information because I 'm interested in studying at your university .
I'm Yousef Naser Bishara , I 'm from Saudi Arabia , I 'm 26 years old .
I've been in the United States for two years .
I'm granted student by the government of Saudi Arabia and the scholarship will cover the tuition and everything related to my studies .
I 've graduated in 2010 majoring in accounting with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 , since I came here I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English , it turned out that I have to jump through the loop in order to over come these obstacles which I believe it is an ordinary requirements to get a master 's degree for the foreign students .
In addition , there is recent statistic that shows a very high percentage of Saudi Arabia students who came to America to do set their master 's degree that they could n't get in university due to some requirements for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
In fact , I do n't want to be one of those student who could n't accomplish their dream and go back to their home , I 'm willing to do whatever it takes to get into your university .
I would like to have the orientation material to increase my chances of getting into university and I will do me best to get very high grades in order to increase my GPA when it 's added to my transcript , to sum up what I 'm looking for is to take a preparation class in business to be included in the final accumulated GPA .
Finally , I believe that it it a great opportunity to study in the United States and to improve my education and my lifestyle .
Besides , I 'm an eager , mature student willing to study master 's degree at your university and I 'm looking forward to getting response back and your recommendations .
sincerely ,
I am forty nine years old and I am a quite crazy , so I make a lot of mistakes .
In this writing I will comment about one of the last mistake that I have made and its consequent .
First , I want to focus your attention on the fact that normally the mistakes have not importance , because all the things have fix and , if they have not fix why do you worry ?
In the last trip , I parked my car on the airport park , it has many plants with several sign .
Every plant has a color sign , red , orange , green , blue and an intermediate color between the red and the orange and this was my confusion .
I left my car in the plant with the orange color , but when some day later I looked for my car I made it in the plant of the intermediate color .
I knew that my car was on the site number one hundred and thirty five , buy the car was not there .
I spend quite time thinking and when I decided go to the police I passed in front of the orange sign and finally I found my car .
Dear Thomas
How are you ?
I 'm nervous to see you .
The weather here is sunny so I recommend you to bring summer clothes It is sad that you only come for one week but we will enjoy a lot .
From the airport to my house there are just 5 minutes .
When you came out to the road you need to go straight until you reach a restaurant , then you must go to the left where you would find a big square with swings and slides .
Finally you would see a big red house with lots of windows .
You will no regret coming to Spain .
See you soon .
Recently , studying online has become a very popular alternative way to study .
Although it provides students with lots of advantages , not everything is as good as it sounds .
First of all , studying online does not allow students to ask teachers about questions .
How can they solve their problems if there is a lack of student - teacher interaction ?
What is more , this kind of students are between eighteen and twenty two , when they need to socialise and interact with other students to enjoy their free time .
Something impossible if they study online , which means that their only classmate is the computer or the laptop they use .
However , this method of studying is cheaper than the common way , and it also can be completely free which is a big advantage .
Moreover , it allows you to study with your own rhythm without thinking about the rest .
For these reasons , I prefer the common way than studying online .
Nevertheless , I can understand people who choose the second option .
It is up to you !
No Future for public transport :
Nowadays people want to travel by their own conveyance by their own car , bike , scooter or something like that .
Everyone wants to have a stress less / happy journey whether it is for a long route or not .
It is really realistic too , because we all want to save our time and wishes for a happy journey time .
Now let me tell you the scenario of public transport .
First of all we always need to wait for it and it will run according to the scheduled time only .
In winter it is fine we can adjust in crowd but if we talk about summer session we can not adjust when we are travelling in a suffocated environment .
We need to book tickets in advance , in case we are planning to go via public transport because again the issue of availability of seats are there .
I live in Trieste , a very beautiful city , but this city has a great problem : it has a lot of cars , more than inhabitants .
Of course it 's an exaggeration , but I say this to confirm that in this city the number of the cars is very high .
By the way , the public transport is not so convenient , because at a certain hours you can not find bus .
In our city the buses stop at midnight .
Also the ticket price is not cheap .
Another problem of the buses is that if you take one during certain hours , it 's impossible to find a place free to sit down .
So travelling by bus is not convenient , not only for time but also for the problems that you can find .
The other question is that Trieste is situated near Slovenia , where , the price of petrol is cheaper than in Italy , so a great number of inhabitants of our city prefer to fuel the car directly in Slovenia , where they can find much more competitive prices .
My father lives in Pordenone and he sells cars .
He wants to convince me to use alternative means of transport , but after I see the price of this ecological vehicle I considered that I 'll buy one of them only if the price becomes
loverer .
Currently , people think about if they can get good english in my country or have to move to english speaking country .
And after that , it depends on the personality , status ( single , engaged or married ) , and even the ages of people , they will decide to learn in their own country or go abroad for getting english .
On the hand , studying abroad is a great opportunity , especially for young people .
They usually go abroad because they have not so much responsibilities just it prepares their professional future .
But They can only afford it to work as a au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porter that include accommodation , normal wages and you do n't need high level of english .
On the other hand , you might find yourself getting homesick .
Of course , you leave a lot of things , such as your family , friends , foods , places , own things , etc . , and nobody put up with being very far away from all these things .
Moreover , people about mid 's 30 years old , they do not usually leave their country and try to get new language from are living .
This way is cheap as well and they have not to change everything around their life to achieve this aim .
In addition , with this ages , normally people have more charges , maybe children , mortgage , partner , etc .
From my opinion , the best way for learning really good a language it is living in the same country where people speak it .
So , you do n't hesitate and move to the new country , in which you do not only get language , even different culture and lifestyle .
Trapagaran , environmentally friend
The purpose of this report is to explain the that my town has become more aware in the need of taking care of the countryside .
Since 2010 my town has tried to include some changes to boost the town .
Recycling is the solution
In the last five years many new bins have been situated near all neighbourhoods .
There are four type of rubbish skip .
On one of these bins are destined to plastics , another one is for wood and paper , the third one is a bottlebank and the last one is for cells .
This one is very important because it contaminates so much .
Apart from that , there are other container focused on every type of objects .
For instance , clothes , shoes , toys , electronic devices , etc .
More green areas
This town has not only focused on recycling , it has also promoted green areas .
Because of that 5 new parks has been created recently .
Those are a great place where families have a good time while they enjoy the countryside .
Moreover residents have become more conscious after they have read the leaflets which explain the importance of respect the environment .
Conclusion
I strongly think that it is necessary to make people conscious about the importance of save the planet .
In addition , more people would help if they can recycle easily .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
I am writing to you about the job offer for work in Green Pepper Cafe .
I would like applying for this vacancy because I think I have most of requirements that you are asking for .
First of all , cooking is my passion for ages .
I enjoy learning new recipes and I try to find out different flavours and sensations cooking .
That is why I am looking for a job where I could have the chance to join my love with cooking to my job .
I worked for more than six years in a supermarket as well so , that is why I am accustomed to deal with customers and cope with difficult people in busy environment .
It is no necessary to say I am able to work with a cafe schedeule , I have experience working shift days and weekends .
I would be glad if I could get an interview for giving you more details about my work experience , skills or what you need to ask me .
Yours sincerely
If you are looking for an enjoyning shopping day , Madrid is the best election .
Madrid is one of the most famous shopping cities in the world !
In Madrid , you can find clothes of the best desingners as Carolina Herrera , Dior and so on ...
but do n't be afraid if your budget is quite limited because we have some places where you can find great colections with 50% off .
So , if you prefer save money and look fine , you have to visit ours outlet where you can find all that you are looking for .
The best of all is that you wo n't have to go further because you can find all these shops in the center of Madrid .
If you are wanting for more information , just contact us .
Nowadays people 's life is having an unexpected change all because globalitation .
In the past people has to manage their time so they could go to their work , take care of their children and maybe also study .
Globalitation starts in the 20 's , so a huge amount of population has experience this change , in my opinion is kind of good .
Now people can interact with other people from other countries by texting , facebook or whatsapp .
The need of export and import items has increased in the last 10 years consequently the life of the people has raised in faster respond .
Everyone needs an instant answer to what they asking for , if they send an email you must received it in less than 1 minute .
The personal contact shows a decrease in this time because people do n't want to face their real problems , instead they can see all the poblems happened in the world by their smartphones .
In the future people will comunute between them by their computers , cellphones , tablets and this kind of technology will lead us to a lonely life .
Nowadays , we already have things like smart phones , which can nearly do everything we want to .
And we have some other media gadgets .
But will people 's lives really change so dramatically in the next 50 years ?
In my opinion it wo n't .
I 'm of the opinion that people 's lives wo n't change extremely in the next 50 years .
Of course there will exist some more electronical things like some new handys , with functions we could expect right now , and there will be some other gadgets .
But if we speak of the change of people 's lives there have to be some more dramatically things .
A point would be , that normal people are able to fly to the moon or something , or if there would be people living on the mars .
But I think that this wo n't be able to do .
Even not in 50 years .
To put it in a nutshell we could say that our global world will be more electronical , and there will be more gadgets , but that wo nt change our lives dramatically .
Hi brother ,
I 've been thinking about what you said to me the previous week .
It 's true that we do n't pay attention to our grandma 's .
She loves us and she always looks after us when dad and mum could n't do it .
I believe that we haven't never thanked her what she did and do for us .
For that I 've had the idea of giving her a present .
You 're agree with me , are n't you ?
Yesterday I saw a nice present for her in the new mall of Jerez , called AreaSur .
It was an amazing gold watch .
It seemed not to be very expensive and was luxury and lovely .
I think that a clock would be useful as well as necessary for her .
What do you think about buying it for her ?
If you do n't think the same as me you can choose another present , I wo n't have any problem .
Anyway , we should go to the mall together and there we will take the final decision .
We can go by bus .
You only have to walk through the road in front of home and you will arrive bus station .
Then take the third line and two stops later you will arrive mall .
I will see you there and I 'll guide you in the mall .
I hope to see you soon brother .
Send me an email when you 're able to go shopping
Quique
What 's the safest transport in the world ?
And the most comfortable ?
In my opinion any transport is completely safe , however people say the plane is the safest transport .
And , maybe the car is the most comfortable .
It is true that both are advantages and disadvantages .
Travelling by car can be enjoyable , dangerous and relaxing , I knew this is a contradiction , but I can explain it .
Relaxing because you can travel by yourself , with friends and with your family .
When you make a long trip you can go without pressure .
If you are tired you can stop at a petrol station or at a restaurant to relax yourself , and if in the car there are more passengers you can change with them , so you will feel less tired .
Even travel by car , in my opinion , has a lot of problems .
Some advantages could be :
- Gasoline is too expensive
- There are n't enough car parks and they are very expensive , for example when you travel to Madrid it is impossible to find a free parking .
- Often you can be involved in city traffic jams , especially in the rush hour .
This situation only is present in Caceres when there is a rainy day , but in other cities like Madrid , Barcelona … is a daily situation .
I think , driving can be dangerous because people must respect speed limits , and not every time that it is .
People does n't wear the seatbelt , use phones , and even there are who drink when they are going to drive .
All these malpractice can make they have an accident and other innocent persons are in danger .
Every holiday , the DGT , in Spain , make an awareness campaign to remember us the good manners when we are driving .
On the other hand , travelling by plane people say is safer then do it in others transport .
I do n't make sure this affirmation .
I 'm afraid to travel by plane .
I hate the moment when the plane is taking off , and when it is touching off .
I 'm afraid so that started when I was travelling to Mexico in my honeymoon .
In this moment there was a tropical storm , and the turbulences are horrible ; but a not time I have stopped to travel by plane .
I knew is the better option when you want to travel abroad .
It is true , that plane is very expensive , at least I never haven't be able to book a cheap ticket .
I look for the perfect offer but in summer it is impossible to find it .
To sun up , all kind of transport have positive and negative aspects , but depending of our necessity we use one or another .
For example there are a lot of countries where bike is the most main of transport , like Belgium .
I remember there were kilometres and kilometres of cycle line , on the contrary than here in Spain , where few cities like Madrid or Barcelona , strengthen their use .
I do not agree with the situation .
This is simple because not everyone has a personal vehicle .
In addition , because of the gap between the upper class to the lower class people .
Public transport is one part of social development .
It will make people feel comfortable .
The bar chart shows the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. and Jack&Jones Co.
Next year in Turkey .
we can see the number of the projected sales of jeans of Jack&Jones Co . will be at 450 thousands of pairs in next Jan , it will be higher than the number of the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. about 300 thousands of pairs .Then the number of Jack&Jones Co . will drop to 250 thousands of pairs in Feb next year .
after this fall , the number of Jack&Jones Co. will rise up gradually until to hit the peak at 90 thousands of pairs in Dec.
The projected sales of khan 's of Mango Co. Next year will begin at 150 thousands of pairs then it will go down a little bit in Feb .
The number of Mango Co. will grow up steadily from May to July next year , it will stay remain at 500 thousands of pairs for four months then get the highest number about 600 thousands of pairs in this period .
The pie chart share illustrates the projected market share of Mango Co.,Jack&Jones Co.and others companies in jeans at the end of next year . Jack&Jones Co.will get 30% of the projected market share in jeans , Mango Co. take 20% of it .
However , others companies will dominte the half of the projected market share in jeans next year .
Very different morning
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise there was a small present left on the ground .
I looked around but no one was there . "
Hmm ...
Is that present for me ?
" I asked myself quietly .
Besides I was not sure whether I should take it up .
I looked around one more time but still I did n't see anyone .
As it was quite early in the morning there was just silence everywhere .
I sat down in my kitchen and put the present on the table .
But before opening it I decided to make a cup of green tea to calm down a bit as I felt nervous enough .
While the water was boiling a lot of different thoughts came into my head : " I do n't have any birthday today and there are few more months until Christmas ... What could be the reason for such a nice present wrapped in a pink paper ?
Maybe someone wishes to make some little surprise for me , does n't he ? " " Ok , lets open it !
" I encouraged myself .
Oh , if you knew - that present made my day !
When I opened it I found there my favourite chocolate with very cute ' Thank you ' letter .
I got it from my neighbour and he just was so thankful for my help tidying up his garden week before .
Actually I love receiving presents .
They colour the world , they lift you up !
And there is a truth : the more you give , the more you get back !
Although many people believe that our lives are getting better than they where 20 years ago , scientist proved that if we carry on with our ways of living using , for instance modern technology , we will lose control of our lives .
Technology has reached such a point where we need to do anything in order to achieve something .
To support this idea , a study was conducted 6 months ago .
The study tried to explain people 's reaction to different resources .
People where given the task to write a piece of writing of their choice using the resources already provided by the institution in charge .
Firstly , they were given 5 books of different subjects .
Out of 20 tested people , 17 managed to write their composition within an hour .
Secondly , keeping the main task , they were given a tablet with wireless connection to use instead of books .
This time the study showed that all of the applicants managed to write their essays in less than 30 minutes .
The objective of this study was to see how people adapted to new technologies and how our cultural roots are being forgotten .
Thus , this study concluded that in around 50 years from now , people will have worked , fed , showered and even lived without leaving there homes .
If technology is leading to those kinds of consequences , we should start to realise how to use technology properly without needing to eliminate it .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Montserrat Márquez , I am 23 years old and I am really interested in the advertisement I saw the other day about working on summer camps in the USA . I have worked before but in my home town , Mexico city , and I think I would be a perfect candidate for this job .
As a matter of fact I have been camping since I was 6 years old , for this reason I started working on summer camps when I was 18 years old .
I am a suitable person for the job because I used to work with children of all ages , but I prefer to play with kids between 8 and 12 years old , also I am always trying to improve different activities therefore avoid getting bored , and I do not mind working in other areas of the camp .
To sum up I would like to participate with you , and I can promise you will not regret it , I hope to hear from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Montserrat Márquez
It 's nice that you finally decided to come to visit me .
I promise you will not regret to come , everything here is wonderful and there are many places we can go to visit .
Is easy to get to my apartment from the airport , you can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to the powder street , when you get there you just call me and I get there , my apartment is not far from that street .
Is cheaper to travel by bus but it is not very safe , you need to take a taxi , is a bit more expensive but is much safer .
The weather is changing , in the morning there is high winds , at the afternoon it is sunny , and in the night it is very cold .
You should bring nice but durable clothes .
I 'll wait here , and I really want to see .
Have a good trip .
See you soon .
If you want to become an artist or politician , you must be ready for journalists following you all the time .
I suppose that sometimes celebrities enjoys people gossipping about them .
And of course , unknown actors call for some pieces of attention .
In my opinion they are also people as we are . They have their own life ,
that is why I do n't understand why is it so important for people to know what happenes with celebrity ?
I think it is not so joyfully , when you wake up and see camera 's flash !
Also when you spend time with your boyfriend or girlfriend , you know that someone is taking a photo of you .
In my opinion , each person , without reference is it celebrity or not , deserves his own private life .
Am I right ?
WAYS TO TAKE CARE OF THE ENVIRONMENT
Introduction
The aim of this report is to inform about the ways in which my village carries out measures to look after the environment .
For this , we will analyse several aspects such as what local residents do with the rubbish and how Lanjarón tries to keep the area clean and makes it attractive to people .
Recycling : The best way to deal with the rubbish
Nowadays there is more and more rubbish because of the high amount of package used to wrap products and increase in consumption .
In Lanjarón as in the rest of the villages and towns people are getting used to buying and consuming much more than they used to do in the past .
However , in recent years my village has been promoting ways for people to get ride of the rubbish in a conscious way .
A number of recycling bins have been placed around the village and citizens are being encouraged to join several ongoing courses to raise their awareness of the importance of recycling .
For these reasons , what people usually do with their rubbish in their daily routine is to sort it and put it in the correct bin .
Keeping the village clean and attractive
Lanjarón is one of the most tourist villages in the region La Alpujarra ; therefore , it is very important both for the council and the local residents to keep the village clean .
To get this the council sets different environmental activities for the citizens to take part in .
For instance , monthly it is held a competition where participants have to clean and pick rubbish up from different areas of the village .
At the end of the competition those whose area is cleaner and attractive receive an award .
Conclusion
We have to bear in mind how important the environment is to us .
If we all were aware of this and did something to help it in our daily routines , the planet would thank us for this .
There are two opposite opinions about military service .
On one , hand military service must be mandatory .
Others consider that it is military service is unnecessary and should be voluntary .
First of all , there is no absolutely safety in the modern world .
There are different dangers of a military nature such as terrorist attacks , wars and other armed conflicts .
Therefore , compulsory service at in the army gives special military knowledge , which helps the population to protect their country during a military conflict .
As a result , there are more chances to overcome the conflict with minimum human losses .
Secondly , the mandatory military service can develop the character of a person , making it stronger .
More specifically , it allows for understanding of teamwork , develops organizational skills and practice discipline .
Moreover , it can educate young people be more self - reliant , because the majority of teenagers at the age of 18 do not know how to be independent from their parents .
However , the critics claim that obligatory military service is a waste of time and has a negative impact .
For example , it is difficult to find a good job or go to university after military service , because during the one or two years of service , soldiers do not develop any knowledge except military .
Also , the time spent serving in the army can uproot or separate families or friends ' relations .
Another big problem is that military service is dangerous and has a risk .
There are different physical exercises that can be harmful to health .
Besides , there are emergencies , which can happen with guns or weapons such as explosions and accidents .
Furthermore , there are hazing acts at in the army .
It means that soldiers who have already served some time , bully and beat up new recruits for fun .
These acts often turn out to be tragic having a long post traumatic effect on the young person or even loss of life .
Army years often have an impact on the whole family , especially in case of bullying or the possibility of being sent to the warzone .
Finally , there is a very complex topic and both opinions have advantages and disadvantages , but it can be seen that the military situation is unstable in the world .
This means that people need to know how to protect themselves and military services is a good way for it .
I prefer to eat at home
Firstly , the food I make by myself is more trustful than the food that is made in restaurants .
Because I do n't know what kinds of ingredients the restaurant put .
Also the food I make by myself is much healthier .
Because all of the restaurants want to earn money , so they will just use cheap and not healthy ingredients to cook the food .
But if I make my own food , of course I wo n't use any kind of unhealthy ingredients .
So the food I made by my own hands is safer than any other food that is made in restaurants .
And also homemade food has better quality than low price restaurants .
Secondly , it 's much cheaper to eat at home , because restaurants want to earn money .
So you can save lots of money if you cook at home .
Some people think cooking themselves is too annoying or tired so they go out to eat .
But actually if you cook much you can use your energy so you can consume your weight .
Also if you cook three times a day your cooking ability will go up .
Thirdly , eating at home is more comfortable .
When people are surrounded by strangers people all think they are watching me so I ca n't do that or this .
But if you eat at home you do n't need to be caring that somebody will look at you open your mouth too big or talk too loud .
Also the restaurant do n't know how much you can eat , so sometimes they give you too less food you do n't get full .
Or sometimes they give you too much food so you have to throw it away .
And as you know , throwing food away is a bad habit to do which makes our planet , Earth will be polluted
Fourthly , you wo n't have to waste your time going out to find a restaurant and come back home .
And sometimes if there are many customers you have to wait for the chef to cook other 's food first . You can save time if you eat at home .
Fifthly , we can have a family time while eating .
Of course , it does n't mean that you ca n't talk with families when you eat outside .
But if you eat at home with your family you can have a joke while preparing dishes or talk about their own private life things .
Because it 's not feel free to talk anything outside because the people at the next table might hear what you are talking about .
So by having a family time while eating home you can have a talk and be a much closer family .
Because of these kinds of advantages and reasons I prefer to eat at home .
To sum up , the fundamental characteristic of social media is the design of " Virtual profile " , it requires time to maintain connection between links , friends and be part of groups , this connections will produce negatives effects especially on psychological well - being .
This outcome , along with several studies suggests reasonable use of connection media .
However , it is also likely that people 's life , such as loneliness and depression , might explain the effects that social media can have .
Furthermore , it is also possible that in a future people will be a subject responses , posts and chat rooms , in which awareness of wrong vocabulary , poor routines and compulsive use .
In contrast , one positive aspect of social media cover the education area , in which the knowledge , the expansion of ideas , and the discover of different ways of learning will contribute in the community .
Some people claim that life will change a lot in the next five decades , but , how will it change ?
On the one hand we have technology .
Technology has developed really fast in the last twenty years so it 's expected to develop the same way in the next fifty years .
Cell phones are a great example of this evolution .
Fifteen years ago cell phones did n't have music or a camera , while nowadays they have camera with high definition and you can download a lot of music .
On the other hand we have transport .
Right now people are starting to buy hydraulic cars which is more eco friendly and cheaper because you do n't need to spend money in gas .
Basing on this we can assume that this kind of cars will be the only ones on the streets fifty years from now .
Science will also change .
Every aspect of science will evolve , for example new medical discoveries will be made by doctors .
Chemistry may have the chance in the next fifty years to confirm their theories about the existence of atoms .
To sum up I believe that people lives will change a lot because everything will evolve .
I 'm a teenagers and I like to watch movies as other teenagers .
My favourite kinds are comedis , detective and love stories .
I mostly like comedies because they create my mood put me in high spirites .
They help me to develop and to see the world to a difernt perspective .
People like to watch movies , because it 's a fun pastime and it substitutes books for lazy people .
Many people think living in the counrtyside provides a better way of life .
Most of us think it 's a great idea , but is it better than our comfortable life in the city ?
Would we live better without technology ?
As we know the countryside has no pollution compared to big towns , because there are n't cars , lorries , moped or any other motor vehicle .
If we lived there , we would eat healthier food with no chemicals , what it 's good .
On the other , hand technology makes our life easier .
We can get information , chat with friends or even order food instantly with Internet , however unfortunately we do n't have it in the countryside
I agree with people who think they would have no problem to leave their lives and start a new job in a farm only to be in touch with nature .
However I think humans have evolved and we are very happy with technology and Internet .
There is no doubt that using your private car is much more comfortable & convenient for any person .
Your car represents a kind of luxury & comfort which is clearly illustrated during driving or travelling for long distances as long as you have a comfortable seat with a certain personal zone area .
Moreover , you can control your driving speed as fast or slow according to your mood and so you own your time .
In addition to that , you can take some rest amidst the journey .
Even after your arrival , you will have your own car to go here & there fleetly & freely whenever you like so you have a flexible schedule .
Furthermore , you are not accompanied by some silly passengers or difficult persons during your trip as you will relish your trip with some adorable friends , nice family 's members or close colleagues that you have chosen .
Besides the presence of a car during a trip is very important for coping with the different conditions environments you are facing during the journey .
On the other hand , public transport now become non hygienic as lots of people are crowded into a small and closed area and so a lot of breathes & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed place and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases especially in the winter season where the respiratory tract infections flourish e.g. cold & flu .
Furthermore , your actions and movements are limited by the schedule and the track of the transportation mean you are taking .
And so you do n't own your time to do what you want whenever you like although this is my leisure , my free time which means the time of relaxation & meditation .
No More alarms or noisy alerts are required during this important and nice period of time .
My town is one of the cleanest towns in my country , the authorities have been arranged amny procedures to ensure that the town keeps clean at the same time be environmentally friendly procedures .
As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy is that the garbage needs to be separated into 3 parts that is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycle bins , one for food and green garbage , one for only papers and catroons and the last is for the rest .
Another handy rule has been decided which is the plastic and the glasses need to be thrown in different bins that are available for the public udsage in each supermarket center , in these people can find these bins in easy destinations available everywhere .
All the previous steps and more are being applied by my town sitizens in order to improve the environment quality and go long with all the procedures that help them live happily healthy life .
There should be a future for public transport .
It is more important than ever for anyone to think before using own car .
Firstly , we have a big issue on global warming . We can not deny that we have more and more extreme weather around the glove due to green house gases .
We are damaging our planet .
Secondly , we all know the fossil fuels , we mainly run our vehicles by , will not last forever .
We are using up our vital resource in fast pace .
We are used to just turn the lights or air - conditioning on when we do n't really need it .
It is exactly the same for driving cars .
A lot of us , just turn the engine of our cars without considering walking up to the bus stop .
Public transport system in the UK has so many problems to solve .
The fare is high compared to other European countries and the fare system is complicated .
The punctuality of trains needs to improved greatly , too .
In my opinion , we need to save future for public transport for our future and it is vital to reduce the use of private cars . Travelling by car is more convenient but with improved public transport , we need to reduce use of cars .
That is our responsibility for future generation .
All in one - come and watch
Have you ever been asked to make a decision and choose only one thing out of many that you really like ?
I am sure you have .
And then you always wonder what would have happened if you had chosen the alternative .
Maybe you just missed something really special ...
You do not particularly like that feeling , do you ?
There is a group of young people who decided once that it is ridiculous to choose if you can have all in one - do you want to meet them ?
Actually , you will have a chance soon .
The Red Dragon Theatre Group is coming to our town next week .
They will bring a lot of good sense of humour , music , dance , and anything you can think of that should appear on stage .
Their main concern is to make you think , laugh , maybe cry a bit , but above all to give you a great time .
I bet you will love them at first sight .
To make the long story short - you can not miss this event !
The group is going to perform in The Globe theatre and they have promised to meet your expectations .
The choice is obvious this time ...
Simply , come and watch .
' Gravity ' is an otstanding , brilliant , sci - fi film , directed by Alfonso Cuaron , starring George Clooney and Sandra Bullock .
This amazing film is about two people from a crew of astronauts sent out in space to launch the ' HUBBLE ' telescope .
Soon one of them was informed that an asteroid hit a satellite and created debris , which was heading for the Shuttle , where the two astronauts were .
Eventually the debris hit the Shuttle and thus more debris was created which took the orbit of Earth and moved around it with a very high speed .
The damages which the impact of the debris caused to Shuttle were catastrophic !
All of the crew but two were killed .
To survive the astronauts had to get to the International Space Station which was very far away from them .
Moving to the ISS one of them lost his life and so only one of the crew remains alive fighting for the survival .
After the long sequence of events the remaining astronaut first got to the ISS then with Russian spacekraft moved on to the Chinese space station called TIANGONG .
And so the astronaut launched the escape pod and got home !
Her struggle for survival occurs to be successful !
" Gravity " is indeed a great film and moreover , I myself recommend it to you , students .
My hometown , Piliyandala , is probably the smallest town in Colombo district provides shelter for more than 100,000 people .
The town has approximately 15 villages and all of them are governed by the urban council .
The Garbage control service is one of the main supporting subsidiaries of the urban council which was founded two years ago .
Five years ago , the town did n't have any garbage control services to manage the domestic rubbish .
With this garbage control system , household waste being collected on weekly basis and transported to recycling centers .
The recycling centers sort these garbage and are put into different categories to be recycled , categorized garbage are then transported to the recycling process in the nearest factory .
Two years ago , the council started a wastebasket distributing program among the villages with the intention of easing the garbage collection process .
With this approach , it is very convenient for the workers who are engaged in the garbage control service because they can collect all the garbage of a village in one place .
Meanwhile , the urban council highly discourage the use of plastic products and other artificial materials for the sake of our own cleanliness .
Villages on the other hand , doing their best to reduce the load of domestic waste .
Nowadays lots of people are discussing the problems of life in the next 50 years . in 50 years ,
surely , science and technology will
progress , and this could have some pros and cons .
I think that in 50 years the public transport will be more efficient .
planes , trains and buses will be faster and maybe thanks to the progress of technology we could beam - up every where .
Also thanks to the progress of medicine we will achieve some important goals .
doctors will be able to cure also lethal diseases .
This will be a great achievement !
body - communication , for example , will lose his importance . all the communication will be virtual , people will speak only on social networks .
I think that this will be dramatic ! also all relationships and friendships will be virtual , and that is absurd .
we will become robots , no longer people !
Hello Harry ,
Everything is going great !
What 's about you ?
I 'm so pleased you 're waiting for me .
You asked me what time would i arrive .
According to the schedule train arrives to platform # 5 of Central Station at 9 am .
Hope you wo n't stuck in the morning jam .
Then what about my look .
( With this letter I 'll send you my new photo , but ) anyway I think you can recognize me by my old photo .
Just in case I 'll be wearing that yellow hat you sent me last year .
Do you remember it ?
I 'm so excited to spend these weeks with you and I 'm really pleased to meet Eileen .
Maybe I should bring her smt from here ?
what she prefers?(I remember you said she liked chocolate .
For sure she has to taste our local chocolate .
Or maybe she wants smt else ?
Ask her . )
I madly want to visit ferries wheel in London .
Hope we 'll have enough time to go there .
Also we can go to some parks that I think are incredible there .
Anyway we 'll discuss where to go after my arrival .
( So do n't need to hurry now . )
Thanks for care .
Looking forward to meet you and your family as soon as possible !
Hope we 'll have fantastic holiday together !
Kind regards ,
Francois
Faces in the Crowd is an excellent option for those like me who love watching thriller movies .
It tells the story of a beautiful woman , played by the always stunning and talented actress Milla Jovovich , who is pulled off a bridge by a mysterious serial killer .
Despite surviving the attack , Milla loses the ability of recognize faces , and thus she can not tell people apart , which means anyone could be the psycho who tried to kill her , and she could be in great danger .
As time goes by , Milla learns how to identify people 's body gestures , as she becomes more confident with her new ability , her life come slowly back to normal , but not for too long , for she becomes suspicious the murderer can be closer then she would ever expect .
No one can figure it out until the very end .
People are young or old , rich or poor , go through stages of ups and downs in their lives .
For most of friends in the dorm of University of Education , Mimi is just an ordinary girl , neither beautiful nor smart .
But for Michael , she is his world .
He loves Michael at first sight when he first met and tried to take any advantages of opportunities to win her heart .
There is no doubt that the Southerner in Vietnam have prejudices against Northerner for a long time .
It is unfortunate for Michael to get access to her because she is a Southerner .
Overcoming much prejudices and obstacles from her family , he proved to be a loyal and sincere man who Mimi can lay her hope on .
But everything has changed since he came to Danang city to further study .
He began to have intimate relationships with other beautiful young girls there and broke his promises- " Wait for me !
I love you forever and I will come back very soon .
I'll never love any girls but you " .
In terms of love , he did n't love her anymore but he still kept contact with her .
Poor Mimi!.
She did n't know anything and still waited in pain .
She could have got married with a talented man if she had n't believed in what Michael had said to her .
Everything is fine until the end of last summer when she had some days off and made an important decision to go on a holiday trip to visit her boyfriend without any notice for him as a resault of causing completely surprises .
Never in her life had she been to as crowded a city as Danang so she feft very nervous but extremely excited about meeting her lover soon .
Right after from taking off the plane , she traveled to his dorm to meet him with a view of satisfying her long waiting for him .
The more excited she is , the more dissappointment she had . Mimi catch sight of her lover was kissing another young girl in his room .
She burst into tears making efforts to leave that room as fast as possible .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Mikel ,
Hey!how are you ? How is life going ? Hope your done with your prestigious exams that you told me about .
Anyway I ve recently been organizing an environment saving event for our breathtaking city by doing a recycling campaign .
Since your dad has recycling factory I taught that he would be pleased getting the bottles and the other recyclable material as well .
Aswell as you know in our country there 's trash being thrown everywhere and most of the things that are thrown are recyclabe .
This is the main reason why our environment is getting destoryed .
The charity I chose to invest in was the envirosavers charity , as they have recently done a good job in re - building animal habitats so I taught that they might need money since they just spend money in building habitats .
İn the event there will be charged entertainments for all age groups , there will be live music , we also have a lottery which will be going on .
Waiting for your response and help on they day do n't forget no amount is too small .
Ertan
Hi Mary !
Thank you for your letter .
It was great to hear from you .
It has been such a long time since we wrote to each other .
The first thing I want to say is that I am really surprised about you finally decide to start with music 's lessons .
You never told me that you were thinking of playing an instrument .
What kind of instrument are you going to play ?
In my opinion , you should try to organise a schedule for your activities .
Do nt forget to have time enough to go out with your family and friends there !
If I were you , I would try a period of proof for a month .
If you do n't follow the schedule , you should give up one of them .
For instance , you have been doing sport since I met you so as to give up it for a season .
Do n't you think so ?
I hope that 's useful.good luck and let me know how you get on .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon
Dear Mrs Elisa Stephens ,
I 'm Vincenzo Manna , an engineering student who , by means of linguaenglish , is going to spend three weeks in Brighton ( as you already know , my colleague Gelsomina Davide and I are arriving next 27th of July ) .
I would like to ask you just a piece of information .
Once I arrive at the airport , is it better to catch a bus or a train which let me reach Brighton ?
Surfing the Internet , I have found that if I catch a bus I will be able to get off in several station ( Coach station , Patcham , Preston Circus and so on ... ) while travelling by train I can choose between Brighton and New Brighton .
So , could you tell me what is the best way to reach your house ?
I hope to improve my English skills thanks to this journey , and especially my listened and spoken English .
In fact , I am studying a lot to pass the CAE examination ( Certificate in Advanced English ) , but I am facing several difficulties .
Also for this reason , I have chosen to spend this period in a family .
Indeed , I think this is the best way to improve , listening to and speaking with native English people .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you soon ,
Yours sincerely ,
Vincenzo Manna
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat so I lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area is changed so rapidly , such as , Now it have a lot of condomedium were buildeda long the main road and nowaday this area has a big shopping mall and modern hospital and large police station that 's make my life so convenience and safe because i can walk from my house to go to shopping mall about 10 minutes other that i can walk to hospital just about 5 minute so i did n't worry when i got sick and The large police station is set in front of the hospital that can assure safety for everyone who live in this area .
For this reason , This is the adventages of living in this area but because of many populations in this area that make traffic in every rush hours especially in the morning very jam and take so long time to drive a car to work that is the disadvantages for living in this area so , In my opinion , this area should have improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to link covered around this area .
Mary and Amber were having lunch at a restaurant .
They were very excited about choosing the foods on the menu because they were first time eating here .
However , Mary saw a young man with baseball cap taking away something .
When she saw the second time , she found that was Amber 's backpack .
Mary yelled loudly at the young man to call him stop and everyone in the restaurant noticed about him .
The young man dropped down the backpack rapidly and tried to run away .
To his surprised , Amber and the manager of this restaurant had already stood in front of the door .
The manager told them that this guy had stolen many stores in the town , finally they got him .
As a result , even thought he kept expressing his apologist to Amber , she still decided to call the police .
After the police took him away , Mary and Amber kept enjoying their food .
The best of all is that the manager said their meal is free .
Although the two movies are of complete different genres , similarities still exist .
The stories of Stephanie and Ali in Rust and Bones , and Pat and Tiffany in the Silverlinings Playbook all began with their lives going through life - altering events .
In Rust and Bones , Stephanie injures herself in a brawl outside of a club and wakes up to realize she had her legs amputated .
Ali , an unemployed father in his mid-20s who is struggling to make ends meet and support his young son , saves Stephanie and helps her get back on her feet .
As they support each other through their hardships , love stems .
Similarly , Pat and Tiffany were also going through hard times when they first met .
Pat had just gotten out of rehab for bipolar disorder whereas Tiffany , a widow , who had just lost her job .
Once again , their relationship began as friends and transforms into love as they help each other conquer personal challenges .
In sum , both movies portrayed love as a chemistry reaction that stems out when two people willing to help each other out of life challenges .
In the movie of Rust and Bone , Ali takes Stephanie going out and swimming , even has sex with her , helping Stephanie to restore her life .
On the other hand , after Ali starts his kickboxing career , Stephanie always cares about his conditions , then becomes his middleman .
Same as Rust and Bone , in the movie of Silver Linings Playbook , Pat companies with Tiffany to break away from the past ; and Tiffany help Pat to get the courage to find the way back into love .
All they want to do is to repair the love meanings and find happiness in their life .
Both the movies lead happy endings to the leads .
In the end of Rust and bone , Stephanie is back to her life because of Ali 's support .
Ali realizes he loves Stephanie and he wo n't be the man he used to be anymore , who do n't believe in love and only want one night stand .
And in Silver Linings Playbook , Pat and Tiffany , who both used to stuck in their misfortune in the pass , leave their pass behind and move on with each other 's love and support .
This two movies give us a concept : no matter how worse the lives are , love can make people brave and find out the value of lives again .
Albeit those things in common , at the beginning of the movies , the depression of characters came from different situation .
Pat and Tiffany are trapped in their psycologically difficulties ; Pat 's desire of his ex - wife can not be fulfilled , while Tiffany can not get over her guilty of her husband 's death .
However , characters in Rust and Bone are suffering from declined life quality ; Stephanie lost her legs , and Ali is an impecunious man .
Although their hearts are all empty , the harsh environment is more hard to survive .
In addition , love is portrayed in different ways in these two movies .
Silver Linings Playbook , as a Hollywood movie , describes the love story in a hilarious tone .
The scene is bright and the rhythm is light even if in the saddest section .
Rust and Bone , on the other hand , presents story in a realistic way .
The director does not avoid brutal scenes because those are exactly parts of real life .
In conclusion , every love movie may be interpreted in diverse ways , whereas people could always find distinct inspiration .
In my opinion , being included in the fresh TV news is a huge contribution , great opportunity to introduce yourself in the way you like it .
It is possible to find many examples which confirms that argument .
In these times , we can follow sbd 's Twitter newsfeed , ' like ' his Faceboog fanpage and , of course , follow news about those famous people .
They 're being followed constantly by paparazzi , their private photos are being bought for millions of dollars .
Of course being in a similar situation does n't seem to be easy but I think that it is one of the prices of being famous .
We should n't underestimate the importance of societal and environmental problems .
They both must be solved because of their great negative influence on the world .
On the one hand , I think that the most significant is societal problems because they cause other problems including environmental one .
People always use nature and its resources to satisfy their needs .
However , people have exploited the nature since the last century .
Their activities caused lots of negative consequences such as air , water and land pollution , deforestation and climate change .
These issues are so burning in developing countries .
Whereas developed countries became aware of these problems , poor countries have plenty of societal problems , so they continue to influence the environment in a negative way .
That 's why I consider that societal issues are the most dangerous .
For example , developing countries can not protect the environment because of their poverty , low incomes , and population illiteracy .
On the other hand , sometimes environmental problems can be a reason for societal one .
It took place when some natural disasters happened .
Such disasters as earthquakes , floods and tornados affect a lot of people every year .
It has an unwilling impact on society as people are forced to save their lives , leave or renovate their houses , look for clothes , food and others .
Unfortunately , we can not pretend natural disasters , but we can solve societal problems .
In my opinion , the main decision is to develop people 's potential , increase their awareness of personal effects on nature .
If people take responsibility for their actions , we will avoid plenty of consequences .
As for me , we can achieve this through developing leadership .
We must have strong leaders who will strive for a beautiful world .
People ca n't satisfy their limitless needs ; they think only about their wealth .
A good leader must form a society , show an example and provide better values for people .
He must inspire others to achieve appropriate goals and to do their best for the world .
In my organization , we strive for peace in the world .
We believe that we can develop leadership in each person and such ways we can avoid a lot of global problems .
This exchange program will give me the required knowledge that I can use effectively to develop Ukrainian society .
Sometimes I have an opportunity and desire to do something whereas I do n't know how to do it properly .
I hope this international experience will teach me how to work on increasing country welfare .
Though the new problems occur quickly in our state some people and community , try to do their best to develop the civil and democratic society .
We need external help to find out how to cope with both societal and environment problems .
Moreover , our country pays little attention to them so population should do everything on their own .
For instance , I hope I will be able to get to know everything about recycling rubbish and economizing energy .
These skills are necessary for us , and they help us to improve a little our ecological situation .
In conclusion , each problem must be solved concerning societal and environmental issues that impede a further progress of our civilization .
What is more , this project will give me available experience including specific skills that I can use to spread healthy tendency in the social sphere and careful attitudes to the environment .
Television can entertain everybody today , it does n't matter the age , can be a baby or an oldest person , we can notice that there are interesting topics for all kinds of audience .
It 's a multimedia device that while you watch TV , you can listen and see other people or cartoons , and it seems the characters are alive talking directly to you .
Today the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can watch the programs at any time you want to , and if you do n't like a program you can change the channel and watch anything else , if the increase of channels and the competitiveness , the audience has increased also its power of choice .
We have the power to choose what we want , but with so many options we must be aware of our own decisions , I want to say that , although we have so many options , not all of them are effective for us , we are able to decide if we 'd rather see a comedy or a documentary .
The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficult in their lives , but there are also the solution of all problems at the end , the lady get married and live happily with his love forever .
Although they have a nice ending we need to remember that the real life is different and the difficult makes part of our lives , they are there to us to give value to everything we have and to remember us how fragile and , at the same time , how powerful we are .
We can also watch a documentary that teach us a lot !
There are documentaries produced with so many careful that they provide us with a lot of information , sometimes it 's much better than reading a book or having a class .
Having said that , we just need to remember to be aware of what we want to receive from TV while we are choosing a program to watch and be happy with our choices !
Pros and cons - cars in major city centres
In the last 10 years , every second family has more than one car and most of the times each member of the family drives his own car .
Many of the automobile owners live in big towns and often they park their cars in the city centres , where they work or study .
Recently , governments in many countries , put a ban for parking or even a ban for driving in major city centres , because this leads to increasing traffic jams .
Moreover , cars pollute the air significantly and it becomes unhealthy for breathing .
In many towns are built underground parking places , where you can leave your car when you have some work in the city centre .
Only public transport is permitted on the main streets , because it is used from lot of people .
Some drivers are not keen on this ban , because this is inconvenient for them .
They do not like travelling with buses or trams .
In my opinion , these measures related to ban of cars in the city centres are effective and limit the traffic jam and the air pollution .
How does Shakespeare make ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' magical ?
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' Shakespeare creates a magical mood and setting by using characters , such as the fairies , and events ( such as transforming Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head ) .
The use and misuse of magic of magic plays a vital role in ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' .
Each character in this play , who is able to do magic , uses it in a different way , for example : to help ; for their own need .
The good use of magic is when Oberon use ' love in idleness ' to make or rather " force " Demetrius to fall in love with Helena .
He uses it to help her and try to solve the problems in the lovers relation ship as Lysander and Demetrius are in love with Hermia consequently Helena in love with Demetrius .
It 's almost a love triangle !
The misuse of magic is when it causes an argument between the Athenians .
As Puck mistakes Lysander for Demetrius and squeezes the potion into his eye , the whole conflict begins .
This whole dispute could have been avoided if not for Puck 's mistake .
However , just as magic caused this chaos , it also resolved in it .
Without the misuse of magic , the plot would n't be the same .
There 's be no humour to make it interesting .
In this play , the fairies are almost like the heart of the book .
It is because of the magic of the fairies , the actions in this book is like a dream .
The fairies nearly control everything .
The weather changes due to Oberon and Titania 's argument , which makes ' contagious fogs'(2:1:90 ) and ' hoary - headed frosts'(2:1:107 ) .
The fairies also affect nature as Oberon 's and Titania 's dispute results in the wind ' piping ' to them in ' vain'(2:1:88 ) .
Due to having fairies as characters , it adds magic as fairies do n't exist in the human world .
It creates unreality and fantasy .
The beautiful language of the fairies ( verse ) takes us away from the ordinary human world that usually talk in prose .
The fairies ' magic is built by the contrast of the lives of the fairies and " mortals " .
As a reoccurring theme , Puck 's use of magic creates humour , conflict and balance in the play .
Puck 's magic also adds to his naughty , cheeky , attractive character in this play .
The magic of turning Bottom 's head into one of an ass ' , adds more humour to already the self - confident character of Bottom .
This also leads to more humour as Titania falls in love with Bottom and calls him her ' sweet love'(4:3:30 ) .
It also creates the comparison of Titania , a beautiful , delicate creature , whilst Bottom is completely grotesque .
The idea of Titania having a ' flowery bed'(4:1:1 ) and the idea of Bottom , at that time , looking ' monstrous ' and ' strange'(3:1:91 ) creates a distinction .
The image of the elegant fairy queen referring to a man with a donkey head as her ' lover'(3:2:186 ) seem ridiculous .
Oberon 's use of magic is mainly used to help people .
As well as for his need , he uses his magic to help ' A sweet Athenian lady ' ' in love'(2:2:260 ) namely Helena with her situation with Demetrius in Act 2 .
Therefore , he is shown as a sympathetic character .
However , Oberon also uses his magic to get the changeling boy from Titania .
When Oberon finds out that Puck has transformed Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head , he gets annoyed at first at Puck 's mistake but later realizes that Titania has fallen in love with a ' vile thing'(2:2:40 ) , a man with an ass ' head .
In the book , Titania does n't seem to use her magic much , nevertheless , she uses it a few times .
Titania 's uses her magic to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) the bride bed so that Theseus and Hippolyta would have beautiful children and live a happy , married life .
In the book , she is n't shown using it for her own need .
Titania 's fairies are also characters who use magic . They use it to protect their ' fairy queen'(2:2:12 ) from ' spotted snakes with double tongue ' , ' newts and blindworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
Their magic , like Oberon , is used to help people nevertheless not for themselves .
Also , the fairies language is magical as most of their lines are spells and sound as if they were in a fairy tale .
The clothes of the fairies and their lives are also magical .
The place where Titania sleeps is full of ' oxlips ' and ' eglantine ' .
She sleeps on a bower and she wants a fan made of wings of butterflies .
The food they eat like ' apricocks'(3:1:152 ) and ' mulberries ' ( 3:1:153 ) sound exotic as well as not being our daily meals or snacks which also shows another contrast between the humans and fairies .
The fruits , used above , also sound like ones that would be found in a forest(berries ) .
The language of the fairies creates magic by imagery that is absolutely exquisite .
Most of us probably haven't heard of ' oxlips ' ( 2:2:250 ) and ' woodbine'(2:2:251 ) .
Even the sound of these two words sound like fantasy .
Shakespeare 's choice of words creates this .
He talks about ' musk - roses'(2:1:252 ) and ' wild thyme'(2:2:249 ) giving us this image of this beautiful land , with green grass and all sorts of flowers .
This image will probably look like where the fairies live or associate it with a fairy tale .
By doing this , we begin to realize the magic in this play .
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' there are many spells , e.g.
Flower of this purple dye ,
Hit with Cupid 's archery ,
Sink in apple of his eye .
When his love he doth espy ,
Let her shine as gloriously
As the Venus of the sky .
When thou wak'st , if she be by ,
Beg of her remedy .
OBERON(3:2:102 - 109 )
The language used in this spell contains many references to nature ( ' Venus ' and ' Sky ' ) .
This is how it creates magic and creates the setting as in William Shakespeare 's time , they did n't use many props .
Just by reading this , you can imagine this fairy king chanting a spell on a purple flower called ' love in idleness ' and you can understand Cupid ( the Greek god of love ) had blessed this flower with his archery , giving you an understanding that this is a love potion .
Shakespeare has also used metaphors and similes such as ' let her shine as gloriously as the Venus of the sky ' to create the thought that Helena should look like a ' goddess , nymph , ' in addition to being ' perfect ' and ' divine'(3:2:137 ) .
He uses indirect word , e.g. He does n't just say love potion .
Shakespeare says ' Flower of this purple dye , Hit with Cupid 's archery ' causing mystery and letting us think about what he means .
Shakespeare also uses the idea of magic in his conversations with other characters for example : when Titania speaks to Oberon in 2:1:60 - 145 , she mentions nature many times .
She refers to the Moon as ' the governess of floods'(2:1:103 ) and refers to the seasons quite a lot .
She describes the winter as ' angry'(2:1:112 ) as Winter is sometimes thought of a miserable season .
The fairies recite their sentences as if they were a poem or song . '
Spotted snakes ' and ' Thorny hedgehogs'(2:2:9 - 10 ) are references to animals .
Animals , insects and plants are commonly referred to in ' ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' and these descriptions add to the magic .
It creates the sense that the fairies thought that the animals were dangerous and the way they describe them engages the reader .
The description of the animals and insects makes them seem as if they were evil spirits to the fairies and spirits are magical .
This play also refers to ' sleep ' and dreams .
After all the book is called ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' .
Due to the magic , the bizarre events were interpreted as a dream as there 's be no easier way to make the humans understand the events that had just happened .
Thinking of it as a dream creates innocence and vulnerability .
Also , the thought of all four lovers having the same dream makes it seem strange and magical to them .
Also , Shakespeare uses the thought of plays .
He adds the play ' Pyramus and Thisbe ' which is a bit like a mini play based on the storyline ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' as there are two lovers whose parents do n't permit their marriage .
When the ' mechanicals ' or workers change into their characters , it is a bit like magic .
The characters in the play like ' moonlight ' are basic ideas of transformations like ones that magic creates .
Also , there is the idea of the alteration of form that Bottom 's head gets ' translated'(3:1:104 ) expresses the magical feeling that again this is not possible in the human world .
Potions are also used to show a sense of magic .
In the human world , they did n't use spells or potions .
At this time , the idea of potions might seem unrealistic and silly but by reading this and the events the potion conjures creates magic .
The effect that ' love in idleness ' has in the play , creates the plot and so potions play a main role in the book .
Without magic , the play would not have the same elements of humour .
Also , the absence of magic would alter the overall plot .
The repetitive theme of magic plays a significant role in the play .
To summarize my points , I personally think that Shakespeare presented magic in the play by using thoughts such as transformations , spells , potions and aspects that do n't exist in the human world .
I personally think , without magic , this book will not be as popular or engaging .
Shakespeare has done it again !
By Pravinija Mukherjee
7Y
Luxor is an amazing city in the south of Egypt .
you will enjoy the friendly atmosphere here .
If you like to go shopping , you will have multiple choices .
you can buy souvenirs from the east or west bank .
If you like artworks and antiques , you can go shopping for stone sculptures in addition to papyrus there .
Lovers of gold and silver can get real bargains at bazaar shops .
You can enjoy your time here .
You will never forget this amazing experience and the fragrance of the land of pharaohs , legends and history .
The city of Old Thebes
Nowadays most schools and universities are helping students to find their most suitable jobs .
This is caused by the changes that the labor market has experimented recently .
Enterprises want to recruit young and experienced people and universities and schools have noticed that so they are hands on the task .
I shall consider two of the proposed methods .
It has been suggested to offer " work experience programs " .
Students will be able to know deeply their task as employers .
It seems a brilliant idea not only because of the knowledge that they acquire but for the experience that it could bring them .
Some enterprises require experienced employers and if young people have it , they will be more likely to be recruited in the workplace .
So , including in the CV the experience , seems to me , a step further in the students ' career .
Another way to encourage students to find the perfect job would be courses and qualification .
I entirely share this idea .
Universities are supposed to give their students information about the skills that a work involves .But sometimes universities gives them more theoretical formations instead of practical formation which enterprises are searching .
Generally speaking students finish their degrees with a limited range of experience .
I would therefore argue that the best way to help students is to combine a kind of " training " for their work life and some theoretical knowledge .
They have to learn the skills that a job involve and the only way to get this is practicing .
Now a day 's we are having " n " number of International Sports , where one can prove their own talent and have their socialism .
My favourite sport is Badminton because we can have lots of fun while playing .
The shape of the court is in rectangle and is divided in half by a net .
The mode of playing can be single 's or double 's .
There are six main shorts : the serve , the clear , the smash , the drop , the forehand and the backhand .
It 's a good exercise to make one fit and easy to play .
The fun in this game is we need to drop the shuttlecock on the other side of the court and wait 's until the opponent responses to it .
My suggestion for the people who wants to start their hobby as badminton , firstly one need to know the rules and regulations of the play .
As it 's a mind set game , the player need to focus on the weaknesses and act accordingly .
To be a successful player one has to learn some tricks , which helps their game easier .
And last but not least as a player one has to keep in mind that , they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands , where instead of that one has to fight until the last mint of the game in order to decide whether the player is winner or loser .
Thus by boosting themselves lead to success .
Hi Jo ,
I am very pleased to hear that you finally manage to open your restaurant .
I 'm really sorry that I can not accept your offer to work at your restaurant .
I 'm very busy with my new job and with the kids .
But I have someone in mind that can help you at the restaurant is my sister Sorina you met her at my party .She is a lovely girl , hard working , flexible you will love to work with her .
She has lot of experience , she worked in a restaurant for 5 years and also can cook .
Let me know if you are interested to know her better .
Yours ,
Stela
I am very glad to hear that you will come to my country .
In Viet Nam , many places are worth travelling such as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or especially Ninh Thuan .
I went to Ninh Thuan two weeks ago , and I could make sure that it is one of the most beautiful beaches in Viet Nam .
From Ho Chi Minh City , you could go easily to Ninh Thuan by train and it takes you only 6 hours .
VH Bay in Ninh Thuan is assumed as one of the best bays in Viet Nam so that I especially recommend you to go there .
To experience well , you should stay here at least three days .
Last time , I just had a chance to stay for two days , and I felt regret when I got home .
Looking for a job in Viet Nam is not easy for a foreigner like you now .
However , if you are able to cook , I think you will be fine .
Besides , you could sell your own food on the streets , which sounds very interesting .
Just keep thinking about these advise and let me know if you have any concerns .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
Meet the Film Club every Monday at the College theatre
A student group use to meet at the College Theatre every Monday for watching films and afterward discuss about them , but you 're not alone !
Each Monday there is invited a different guest speaker to the Film Club for manage the discussion with a good drink thanks to the Coffee Bar special late opening .
Famous directors as Ridley Scott and Alejandro Amenábar came to the club in the last weeks .
They spoke about their films from a point of view that will discover you a new wonderful way of interpret the meaning of the iconic messages that they 've introduce into their movies .
On the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club for speaking about the film where they appeared " Saving Private Ryan " and their process to get involved into their characters for a real - like acting .
CONCLUSION
If you love the cinema or if you only want to take a break in your daily routine and meet new people and make new friends you ca n't lose this great opportunity to turn a grey Monday into an amazing start of the week .
Some people argue that , when the weekend is coming they wonder what to do just for one day!They would like to have a rest .
However , they want to go out and spend time with their families , as well .
So , where to go ? What to do ?
I 'm suggesting you choose between two different places : beach or mountain .
If you prefer to go to the beach but you are not sure what to do there , here are some special ideas to consider .
Fisrt of all , remember to take food that can be eaten easily without much mess ( Spanish omelette , fried chicken brest , sandwiches , ships ... ) and , moreover , you can buy some drinks and water because it is fun to eat at the beach and people usually get hungry often after they do something like swimming , jumping the waves , surfing and so on .
Playing in the sand burying people one another or making sandcastles might be a great way to spend a day outdoors .
Nevertheless , if you do n't like sand at all , you can choose the other option in the mountain .
It could be a different way to spend a quiet day in a peaceful , placid and restful place .
Furthermore , going on a hike among trees with a cool breeze around you can be the kind of place that allows you to forget the busy ciy life , though .
Theerefore , which one of these two places would you choose ?
In my opinion , no matter where you go , just take your camera and take photos in order to be able to remember that wonderful , amazing even unforgettable moment .
At the end , the most important thing is to have and enjoy a relaxing time .
Purpose
The purpose of this report is to showcase the in which power consumption is reduced , joined by the saving of natural resources in my city .
Measures being taken
In Cluj , in each year , during the summer , the local authorities give citizens the opportunity to rent bicycles , thing that can reduce the air pollution produced by car fumes .
They also encourage people to use bicycles not to consume so much fuel .
Their success
Surprisingly , people support this project and every year the number of bicycles rented raises .
More andmore people start wondering about their health , thing that makes them use their cars not as often as they used to .
More things that could be done
The localauthorities can also organise events in which they can encourage people tostart saving natural resources like water , or to convince people that power consumption can be reduced in many other ways .
Great Eats !
La Cacharrería is a small , Spanish restaurant in the old town of Cáceres .
It is a popular place .
The interior is simple .
The tables are small and tall but they are comfortable .
The atmosphere is friendly and relaxed .
There is a little courtyard with three tables .
La Cacharreriaes a tapas restaurant so you can choose lots of different , small dishes and share them .
I try something new each time I go there , but I often order the humus , I love it .
I also recommend the zucchini flower or the salads .
The food is always fresh .
the desserts are delicious and original .
The service at La Cacharreria is very good .
The Waiters are really helpful .
They are always happy to explain the different dishes and recommend well .
Another thing about this restaurant is that it is cheap , about 20E per person .
La Cacharrería has a disadvantage , you ca n't reserve a table and it is very popular .
I recommend La Cacharería , because it is a great place for a quiet meal with friends .
Hi Ryan ,
This is just a quick e - mail to apologise because I forgot to ask you if you want to come to celebrate the end of the year .
Finally , to say that we 're going to eat at Telepizza .
I hope your answer soon .
Bye ,
Aranzazu .
Sleeping to much is a relief , but for others it can be torture .
Different factors such as stress , psychological problems , noise , lights that do not let you rest .
" Sleep and Your Health " talks about this .
Mention 3 things we should do to sleep better and be healthy as well , which will discuss below .
The first step to better sleep is to recognize that maybe I can have a sleep disorder .
Taking me as an example , I do not think I have a sleep disorder .
I do not have trouble sleeping , or interrupt my sleep repeatedly .
I sure do not get enough sleep but not a sleep disorder , if not , the pace of life I lead .
The second step is to identify what I could cause the sleep disorder .
Even if you have a disorder , yes I can identify factors that may interrupt my sleep .
The reading speech of many , but with whom I identify most is caffeine before sleeping and eating heavy before bedtime .
I definitely need to pay attention to these factors and that way I can see improvement .
The third and final step is to try to identify problems at first .
It is very important to know how we can improve our health .
There are different medications or even natural things to improve these conditions .
Help and put into practice these tips will help us have a healthier life .
In summary , it is important to pay attention to our health .
Read things that can help us live better can be very helpful .
Implement each council and tell others about your improvements , is a good way to help others .
So for now we must sleep well to be healthier .
My favourite sport .
Let me tell you about my favorite sport .
I like many types of sports but I prefer swimming .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
I practise it every day in my school .
We have a swimming pool in our school and we swim from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. When I swim I feel very happy and relaxed .
The benefits of swimming are that your body is healthy and your brain is alert .
To practise this sport first you have to meet someone who teaches you how to swim because it is a beautiful sport but it is also dangerous .
You have to have a good coach and a good swimsuit .
If you try it you can do it .
Karen
Some people think there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Cars actually have many advantages .
However , it does n't mean the public transport have to disappear .
The main reason to consider there is future for public transport is that , according to ecologists , we must cut down the massive use of cars .
The pollution level is more and more increased by this excessive use .
Then , the public transport is needed to avoid more problems in the atmosphere and save the planet .
What 's more , not only increases it the pollution , but also turns out to be dangerous for our sense of hearing .
In addition , I think the public transport is a necessary service which we should have access to .
Everyone ca n't afford a car or , for any reason , are n't able to drive one .
Therefore , it is too important to go on with a public transport business now and in the future .
In conclusion , from my point of view , people from all over the world would rather travel by car than travel by public transport but we 'd better use this means of transport if we want to continue living in accurate conditions .
Dear Mr .
Garo ,
Please find below clarification related to the below issue :
During a meeting with head of the department in MOH I was complaining about service of the microscope by their staffs ( almost 99.9%from Olympus Microscopes are not under Service Contract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested to provide the required training for his all staffs , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
Next day I have received a call from one of the technician Mr. Humam Altannous ( who was compliant against us ) and asking to repair the Microscopes in Malariya Lab ( which are not under warranty or Contract ) .
I explained to him the standard protocol that it should be send a official repair request in order to proceed with repair the unit .
But he is not ready to accept it and asking us to come and repair the unit without any repair request issued . please note that our telephone conversation was only for 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me and hang - up the phone ) .
He was not asking any Manual / trouble shooting instruction during our call what he mentioned in his email .
Next day I was compliant against him with the Head of the department , during that time only I came to know that he is one of the technician who is taking care of repairs of the Microscopes in the department , and his Manager requested me to not repair any unit without official request , beside he will come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
Please note that we are keeping a good relation with our customers and always giving our good service as well .
We hope that above explanation is sufficiently clear and exhaustive .
Thanks for your kind understanding
Due to there will be an international festival for young people in our region , I have written that report in order to know the preferences of them and the trends which are on nowadays .
Firstly , I have asked about the music that is listened to and about their favourites styles and groups and the results showed us that they are n't similar compared to music they liked a few years ago .
In fact , they hardly ever can defined themselves such as pop fans , rockers , ...
In addition , plenty of girls who were interviewed told they could n't stand reggaeton music , however they used to want to listen to it in discos because they could dance .
In my opinion , young people do n't have musical culture and magnificent bands of music like Rolling Stone are going to have remaining in the oblivion .
Secondly , I debated with young people to television programmes that are watched currently .
Most people prefer to watch reality programmes where people have to live with unknown people in order to gossip about them .
However , the documetaries are being forgotten and only a twenty - six percent of them would like watching more interesting TV series like Lost .
Moreover , all of them choose watching TV against reading a book as first option .
Finally , I also talked about the clothes they usually wear .
It is said that you are that you are wearing but in this report , we can check that it is not certain .
Actually , in opposition to the music , young people feel that they can reveal their behaviour and their character by which the clothes are being worn .
Nowadays , all people use the Internet and application everywhere .
Moreover , it is very easy to make friends and communicated with somebody .
First of all , thanks to the internet you can meet or talk to people even if not by your site .
In addition , it 's easier to talk with someone that you do n't meet and you want it .
Furthermore , if you are a shy person , this way is very useful for you because you can talk more directly with someone .
Secondly , if you use the Internet to meeting new people , it 's a good way to finding people with similar interest . You can enter application and you can explain how you look like and someone is interested in you .
Finally , I think that thanks to the internet you can talk with someone who live in Japan , but often you stop talking with someone who is yours front .
In conclusion , I 'm agree that Internet it 's a good way to meeting friends because you can know a lot of people around the world .
The statement - ' There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . ' can be discussed in two different aspects .
One way of using transport is to daily travel to work within the city , other way is to use it when you are visiting your friends or family outside the city .
There have been good progress in transport in both the aspects .
Transport has become faster and more convenient , and it can be attributed to lot of factors such as better roads , new technologies and innovations etc .
People who travel daily to work , usually prefer public transport over own car as it is a cheaper option .
Also , as public transport such as metro do not need to face traffic , it is always faster way to reach office .
On the other hand if I would be travelling to see my friends or family in nearby town or just on holiday tour , I would prefer my car .
If you are travelling in your car , it gives you flexibility to choose any way to reach your destination , you can make any number of stoppage , and even stop for your favorite ice cream .
In future ; environment will also become a key factor in determining the state of these transport mediums .
Countries today are trying to reduce their carbon footprints , they are trying to encourage public transport .
This initiative will surely help countries to reduce pollution .
I think education is one of the most important thing for everyone .
In my opinion , it is , probably , the base of the values of every society because our children from now will be the men or women of the future .
In Spain the vast mayority of schools are state schools .
This is the reason for the government decisions of education play an essential role . I have always thought that it should be reached for all .
I studied in a state school and I believe that I get a good education not only academic training but also strong principles to live in society .
The internet and social networks have involved a big change in our knowledge and behaviour front to the world .
From my point of view I feel like we are losing things so important as the effort to reach goals or respectful everyone .
Nowadays , we are living in a global world and we must learn how to live together therefore the education is the only way to achieve it .
For instance , knowing other languages , like English is increasingly day a day .
To sum up , education is , in my opinion , the most important base of any society and it should be reached whole people .
No doubt people need to move from a place to an other .
There are many reasons for travelling , and to travel from one place to an other people use different means .
there are variety of transport mean .
Some are private and some are public .
Public transport means such are trains , planes and buses are known as the most cheap and used by all travelers , and the coast of using them is something that suits the people who earn not so much money .
Where as the private means such as cars and small planes are known as the most expensive .
They cost too much to own them , and to run them .
Their fuel and kits are rather expensive .
The user of the transports mean are differ , the public ones are able to carry big number of travelers , where as the private means used by very little number of people .
This option may be applied on the cargo also .
because the public means of transport can carry a lot , and this help to move cargoes to every where with low coast .
All these points are support the importance of the public transport means , and ensure how useful they are .
In my view , the public transport will keep on offering their services , and will never be effected by the appearance of private means .
Introduction :
This report is intended to evaluate the Active Leisure Club and to give some suggestions to the Club 's new facilities .
Minuses :
The club 's cafeteria , locker rooms and bathrooms are too small for the number of members .
I believe that should be taken in mind when the new facilities are built .
Pluses :
The Club offers a wide range of activities to spend time .
Those activities developed my interest in sports and nature .
The staff must also be congratulated .
Everyone on the organisation was kind , helpful and cheerful .
Recommendations :
Although facilities are well organised , they are too small since more and more people are becoming members of the club .
However , the advantages overcome the worst aspects and I will be happy to join the club again next Summer .
Dear Jo
Thanks a lot for your letter ! I am pleased to hear that everything is well with you and that you are coming to Poland .
I 'm very sorry that I haven't replied earlier , but I had hard time at university .
In my opinion Poland is beautiful country , so you will not be disappointed ! I would recommend you starting your trip in Poznan .
I would love to show you around my city .
Next , you can head to Warsaw .
It 's beautiful city !
I would like to ask you if you like mountains ?
If so , I recommend you to explore Stołowe Mountains - in my opinion it 's the most beautiful place in Poland .
If I were you , I would start looking for a job with checking local advertisements on the Internet .
There are surely a lot of job offers suitable for you !
I think your knowledge of English will be your great advantage .
Best wishes ,
Piotrek
to who may concern
Hereby I am writing in reference to the advertisement published for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , in order to apply for the job
My name is Gerard Jones and rather than telling you that I always wanted to work with children .
I would like to share with you that my younger brother adores me , such as my other cousins whose ages remain as the required standard for going camping .
My expertise is to organise games for children , everybody enjoy the way I develop my strategy and they just ca n't resist the team 's rivalry during the games .
I am also a talented cooker for kids , my view is also trying to convince them that cooking is fun and sometimes they ask me to teach how to make basic dishes such as ommelettes , spaghetti and more .
My plan is to have fun and provide fun with my work for children , I consider myself very patient and I do care for children , in that order of ideas , I would like to apply for the job and if it 's possible , join your next camp in summer .
I appreciate your attention to this letter , do not hesitate to contact me in case you have any doubts
Sincerely ,
Gerard
Doing sports or just watching them ?
Nowadays there are many people who practise sports , but other people prefer just watching them .
On the one hand , doing sports allows you to have a healthier life .
Most doctors recommend doing this .
Doing sports is a good way to forget about real life , you focus on the competition and is like to have a rest from the cotidian life .
On the other hand , doing sports is healthy , despite the fact that there are risky sports that can cause several health problems and could lead you to death , only watching sports seems safer .
In conclusion , personally despite the danger of some sports , doing sports is by far better than just sit in your house and watching them .
Dear sir / madam ,
I 'm so glad to hear that you give me an opportunity to make your club facilities improvement .
It would be a great chance for your club to share my ideas to improve your facilities
Please refer to the good and bad points of your club in my view as below ,
The good points of the club are as below ,
1 . All the people who work in the club are attentive and professional
2 . The facilities are cheap to use
3 . The changing room is very clean
The bad points of the club are as below ,
1 .
The gym of your club is not open from 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
2 .
The temperature of the changing room is too low .
I would like to recommend that the gym opens 7:00 AM for the people who want to visit there little bit earlier and the heating changing room should be fixed .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you that my reply could be a great tip for your club this year .
yours sincerely ,
BTLee
The last film i saw was called " The others " altough is not a recent film .
The film is a horror movie which tells the story of a rich family who lived in an old mansion in an abandoned island after the second world war .
The problem about this mansion is that the same hides a lot of secrets and misteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners who are a family whose husband went to war and died so the real ocupants of the house are nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister anne who turns to be one of the most important characters of the film and their mother who is called grace and has a particulary obsession for catholisism .
The other characters that also take an important part in the movie are the servants .
Bertha / mr.tuttle and the mute girl lidya who also hides a lot of secrets .
The film descrives how the love that a mother can give to her children can easlily turn into an obsession.however,what makes this film so special is that that pretends to be a typical horror movie but at its final scene there is a suddenly change wich turn it more interesting .
It was made in the right place for such an unexpected film as it was made in a big manor on an abandoned foggy island .
I would recomend this film to anyone , even those who are easily scared scared because it is not as the resto of horror movies , it is a film in which you are continuely discovering secrets as if you where another character .
You will have a great time
Public transport was developed for people who were poor and could not afford their own transport .
Public transport is the vehicle for passenger who can travel from one place to another in less money .
At first this transport was appreciated marvelously .
Everyone felt so delighted but unfortunately now people feels uncomfortable when it comes to travel via public transport .
In early days of public transport , people were only stick to their normal routine and did not wish to earn more from their job or work .
Today every single person is curious to earn money as much as they can and the interesting part is that this curiosity is increasing day by day so is their income .
So now almost 80 percent people can afford their own transport .
As people feel comfortable in there own vehicle .
The main advantage of having your own transport is that you do not have to wait for the public transport , you can save your time as you only need to accelerate your own transport and drive to your destination .
Public Transport is slow now , even though they are very comfortable but unfortunately people feel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper class would travel through public transport it would affect his respect .
But still there are so many people who use public transport frequently but that is only their compulsion and poverty .
When they would be financially stable they would surely buy their own vehicle .
So in my opinion I agree with the statement that there is no future of public transport .
It is a well known fact that transport is quite related with pollution .
The exhumed fumes are one of the great problems for the environment .
So that it is a cuestion that required a deeper reflexion for all of us .
Wheter public transport might be the solution , or be more adeccuate or not , it is something with arguments in favour and against .
Firstly , many people think public transport has not future because travelling by car is faster and more independent .
You do not to wait for a specific time to cath the bus , for example .
Secondly , people think buying a car is a cheaper option in long term than travelling by public transport every day .
However , a lot of people are becaming more and more consciencious about how important travelling by public transport is .
One of the most important reasons is precisily to take care of the environment .
Using public transport reduce the pollution .
What is more , when we speak about pollution we are not only talking about exhumes fumes .
We also speak about noise .
I am very happy with the idea to encourage the public transport 's use due to make the cities a better place to live .
If everyone travelled by bus , cities would be a quite different the ones we know now .
Dear Paul ,
To tell you the truth about the concert , I did n't think that it would be cool but it was !
I really liked to work with special effects and the best thing that I learnt a lot about that tehnology .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you !
Best wishes ,
Sasha
Public transportation is the most popular method in travelling to places .
These transportation can be easily found anywhere to reach your destination .
On the other hand , travelling by car is more convenient and safe .
Travelling by car is preferred by some people because of its convenience and advantages .
For example , air bags have been tested to ensure the safety of the passenger and the driver .
In addition to this , we would not take too much time in looking for a bus which would go specifically to our destination .
But we can not deny the fact that public transportation has been around in years and in every country as a means of travel .
Most of the people prefer this kind of transport , especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
Also , this is the cheapest way to get to your preferred location .
I disagree that there is no future for public transportation as it is still widely used all over the world .
Moreover , this has helped a lot of people especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
However , public transportation in the future might be improved and developed and will still be used by many people .
The side effect of depending only on cars as the main transportation are remarkable .
we should encourage public transportation all we can because every city now has huge number of cars run on it 's streets and this number is going up speedy .having this huge increasing of cars that will impact badly in public health & environment and infrastructure .
It is more convenient with modern lifestyle to travel with a car because of the privacy and independently.the remarkable development of car 's luxury and more option .
although it will be over cost in full , car service and effort of concentration on driving all of this negativity you can avoid it easily by using public transportation , it should be cheaper than using your own car you do not have to look after it you can do activities wail you are on it like reading or chatting with your friends or having important phone call
The environment impact is an important factor we should consider , having this number of cars like having thousands of factories in our streets giving us tans of CO2 gas and many other pollution gases.the speed new train or plans or even buses now competing withe car 's speed and even more fast than it in a lot of places .
Using public transportation is better than use individual cars , but we should put more attractive things inside it and should have new designs and more privacy and luxury means , expanding in electric car and other clean energy is very important right now to reduce environment 's pollution as far as we can .
Hi !
How are you ?
Thanks so much for your last letter .
I have never forgotten that funny story about baseball match .
It was so impressive .
Sport is really important .
Hope my thoughts will be interesting for you .
As for my personal experience of sports , I do n't do it professionally .
My future job wo n't be connected with it .
So sport is my hobby , a nice method of having a rest , spending some new unusual life .
Most of all I enjoy playing volleyball and badminton .
There was a such time when I was visiting volleyball club , but I gave it up .
I do n't know why exactly .
Maybe I had n't enough time .
Badminton is what I consider to be favorite .
It 's easy , interesting and funny .
You can train your hands , reaction and legs , because it needs much run .
Usually I do this kind of sports with my sister .
We have a great time .
Moreover , I like to do different physical exercises every morning .
It makes my day more productive .
When it 's a good weather , I enjoy jogging near the house .
How could I forget about cycling ?
To my mind , bike is the best way of traveling .
It 's also useful for cardiovascular system .
I 'm absolutely convinced , everyone should realize that the most important is health and sport really can help .
If you want to keep your body in a good form , you ought to go in for it .
If your figure is nice , you will have a nice mood , wonderful feelings .
So it 's better to choose sport instead computer in order to relax , feel positive emotions .
The Home of the Future
Having lived during the century , which provided humanity with glass houses , question ponders , how will the home of the Future look ?
Predictable , some of the solutions will remain intact .
Any changes would mean a resignation of comfort .
House is to be divided between chambers in order to preserve the privacy of the occupants .
Pieces of furniture , namely chair , table and bed , would remain unchanged .
Nonetheless , the changes will be visible on the interior as well as the exterior .
Buildings will become smaller , yet more functional and organised .
Furthermore , they will be ecological , the main reason using renewable sources of energy .
As a matter of fact , reduction of living space will not be noticeable due to thinner walls .
The windows are bound to be broader .
The electronics will undergo the most evident changes .
The screen will be no longer required for the computers and TV .
All electronic devices will be controlled by the voice thoughts .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing this letter because I am concerned about facilities for shoppers in our area .
First of all , I have to admit I am addicted to shopping and I really like that there is such an extensive shopping area in our town .
I appreciate also that it is located near to the housing estate .
Unfortunately , I think there are some aspects that demand improvements .
In my opinion parking charges are too high .
Furthermore , the shopping area lacks restaurants and entertainment facilities .
People usually become hungry after shopping , so opening eating places in this area would be very beneficial .
In addition , the shops arrangement is actually very messy and finding the store I need is hard .
I would like to propose some solutions , as well .
The parking should be free of charges , it would attract more people and increase the income overall .
Moreover , you should change the arrangement of shops and divide the whole area to certain sections ( e.g. clothes , food , and house ) .
Finally , opening restaurants with different types of food and entertainment facilities like movie theatres and gyms should be considered .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
My favourite sport is undoubtedly jogging .
I am very lucky because not far from my home there are three parks so I can practise this sport whenever I want .
Usually I jog three days a week and , honestly , I could n't do without !
Running in contact with nature allows me to relax after work and recharge my energies .
Once finished my training , I go home , take a shower and ... I feel like a new woman ! !
My advice for those people who want to take up this sport is to start gradually .
They can begin to jog for 15 minutes and then increasing the time so that their body can get used to the muscular effort .
Furthermore , it would be useful having a chronometer to check out your improvement .
I would also recommend to stretch after every work out to avoid any kind of muscular pain .
If you prefer , you can substitute stretching with few yoga exercises as well .
Good jogging ! !
Among young people exist a statement that shopping is always an enjoyable way to spend your free time .
Personally I am not completely agree with this way of thinking .
On the one hand , if you have money and a lot of free time you can spend all day dodging in the mall for only one , special kind of skirt or pair of jeans .
But if you do not have money , prices can only destroy your day because you know that you can not afford it .
The prices in the shops often are very high and clothes are not good qualitatively .
And when you want to buy something in lower price , you need to go to the mall when there are seasonal sales .
But then everybody goes crazy , you need to crowd through the mob , argue with another person for one , special pair of shoes in your size .
For me it is only a torture .
Also you can be robbed because in crowded places you can easily fall prey to pickpockets .
Otherwise you need to have time to walk through all the shops and find what you need , every thing on the rack is calling for your attention , after a while you want to buy everything .
On the other hand if you find a real bargain and buy something in very low price , you will be happy and content for the rest of the day .
But in my case , it happen rarely .
Some people do not want to buy things by network because they want to try on for example clothes .
For me it is not necessary because every seller gives the size of his product and then I can check if this thing will be good for me or not .
Also you can always return it like in the stationery stores .
Summing I prefer doing my shopping by means of websides or auction portals .
There I can easily find what interests me , what is in my size etc .
For me it is easier and faster way to buy what I want , often in better price .
The diagrams illustrates the process of making bank notes .
The first step is design which includes background colour , artwork and security issues .
Then move to the next step , preparation of metal plates , while skilled machinists is needed in this process .
Printing is quite related to the first two steps because the design and skilled machinists should both be considered .
And when the sheets of bank notes are being printed , colour on both sides , special ink and slightly raise image should on the bank note .
The most important step is inspection , where printed sheets should be inspected manually and carefully .
It divides sheet of bank notes into three types , which are good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets or bank notes separated into good and bad and bad sheets .
However , there is a big difference between these three types .
If the quality of sheets and bank notes are good , then they will be packaged and distributed .
Conversely , bad sheets and bank notes will be destroyed .
Ms / Mr head of department :
My name is Elvira Vergara and I apply for the job in the summer camp of your advertisement .
I am pretty energetic , hard - worker and , also , I know to speak English really well and a bit of Italian language .
Besides , I think I would be a good worker for you because I know cooking and how I look after the children .
In addition , I am very keen on children and teach them the marvels of the environment .
I have worked in activities out - of - school before and in other summer camps in the south of America too .
Also , I have studied teaching and I practised with my father , who is a teacher . I have done swimming since I was five , so I could teach your children 's camp about swimming and other sports like basket or hockey .
I would like working with your company because I have studied for this and I love it .
Besides , I need the money to become free and no depend more of my parents .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Contact me by email .
Thanks
Sincerely ,
Elvira
There are so many options on television that sometimes it 's hard to make up your mind , do n't you think ?
You can watch reality shows , cartoons and wherever you want .
You can see international channels and live shows around the world , something that in the past could be too good to be true .
On the other hand , when we think about the currently program 's style , even those shown on paid tv , it seems that nothing has changed .
they keep producing the same kind of programs , the same kind of movies and soap operas .
Moreover the repeating is massive , I bet that at least once a week you can find that old series called friends , ca n't you ?
Even knowing that not too much has changed our options nowadays still make the television a very good tool to get a family together and spend an enjoyable time .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction with your service I received when I spent a night at your hotel on 20th March 2014 .
Firstly , I must inform you that I am dissatisfied with the hotel receptionist because he forgot to place my wake - up call and as a result I overslept and I missed my flight .
I had to buy a ticket for the next flight .
Furthermore , I was late for a very important appointment and I lost a lot of money .
I would recommend you to improve your standard and quality of service and to draw your attention to the stuff in your reception .
I believe you give this matter your urgent attention .
I feel that you should refund my cost of staying at your hotel and I demand refunding the cost of another plane ticket I had to buy .
I look forward to receiving your reply or I will be forced to take a legal action .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to inform you about one of the most interesting place in our town .
There is a lot outstanding views and worth visiting places but let me tell you about the Warriors Museum .
The Warriors Museum is the best known museum in the region .
It looks like a castle and there are many rooms with archery from IX to XX .
The torture room is very popular with children but eager fans can also find something suiting them .
Guides are helpful and brainy - you can ask them any questions and they will answer .
The breathing landscapes you can see from a museum are also a great advantage .
The museum is located near the center of city , you can get there by bus in 5 minutes or go for a walk for about 15 minutes .
Tickets cost 15 zlotys for students and 20 zlotys for adults .
I hope I was helpful . I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
My name is Arturo Archuleta , I 'm from Mexico and I 'd like to talk about my favorite sport , " Muay Thai " .
The first time practicing Muay Thai was 5 years ago , at that time I was n't sure of practicing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most of the young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't practise Muay Thai and is not known .
Well , you should know that bodily strength is very important in this kind of sports but is not the most important thing , mental strength is also important ; a mix of both strengths are necessary , remember the body does what the mind commands .
Was hard at the beginning just like when you start doing something new , so here are some tips if you want to start practicing Muay Thai .
Be confident
When you practise any sport , you have to be confident on yourself , without confidence you will not have any progress .
Work on it , that 's part of mental strength .
Warm - up
Before starting the practice you should warm up , you do n't want to cramp up , right ?
Never give up
Muay Thai is a complete sport , you use arms , legs , elbows , knees , feet and more , that means you have to do a big effort .
If you do n't know how to kick or blow , ask your shifu ( teacher ) and keep doing it until you get it .
Practice
Practice makes better , do research about Muai Thai 's culture , do research about Muai Thai 's methods .
All this will help you to improve .
Enjoy
You know you like a sport when you enjoy it and you feel comfortable to practise , that 's what I recommend do , enjoy and be happy practicing because Muay Thai is a beautiful sport !
I am economics student in National Chung Cheng University , which is placed in Taiwan .
I would like to be a graduate school student of Financial Accounting in The University of Texas at Austin .
The reason why I change my major is that I found that I have a big interest in Accounting than economics when I studied in the first year of university .
Another reason for being a graduate school student can learn more practical knowledge which can be applied in future 's career .
So If I can join your school , I will cherish this opportunity and work hard in school .
When I was child , my math score was better than other subject .
In the College Entrance Exam , my math got the highest score than others .
In my university , my accounting grade was better than others .
I think I have a talent in numbers , and I can memorize the numbers extremely well .
As a result , I am enjoyable to study accounting .
Also I have some jobs experience that is relevant to Accounting .
My first job was an assistant of my financial accounting 's professor .
My job was to find the company 's financial statement that is corresponding to the news report .
This work needs lots of patience and time to finish it .
Another job was a part - time job in Leofoo Village .
My works needs to close the accounts every day , so my carefulness must be improved during the time , because the money did n't belong to me .
I think patience and carefulness are two pivotal personal traits to major in financial accounting .
I believe my job experiences can help me to be a better graduate school student of financial accounting .
This is a nervous and excited decision to me but I wo n't regret it and I am ready to join the field of the Accounting and to be a graduate school student .
You wo n't regret to choose me to join your school !
Mike was one of the best awardees in the class .
He 's been doing great in both academic and extra curicular activities in the school .
He is one of the players of basketball since he was an elementary student until now he 's on college .
As the tournament began he 's been getting a high points for his team because of that nice contribution they have won the game .
It had been a very extensive and tiring day to all of them but Mike felt he had achieved something really good because fortunately he was won as the most valuable player too .
He 's not only doing excellently as a student however he 's been known as one of the popular students because he works voluntarily as a couch to the younger kids in his town .
He wants other kids to be inspired also in everything they are capable of doing .
So in their generation they have something good that they contribute in the society at their very young age .
For him , it 's absolutely right to begin doing something meaningful in their lives .
It might be a simple way but perhaps the society would be proud on what are they doing .
As we all know , youth is the hope of our society and they have proven that .
the mistake is something you may do unintentionally however , people believe that mistakes can later be improved or ignored whereas , sometimes we may make mistakes that could break somebody 's heart .
Michael was a teenager therefore was not mature as a an adult thus his decision were all emotional .
it was Christmas eve and a new girl came to the college .
Who was not only fair but very attractive girl .
As soon as she entered the college gate everybody was smitten by her .
Michael had a very good and an old friend who had been with him in his goods and worse .
And they both had a great understanding however , this innocent girl had grabbed the attention of all the viewers similarly , the two .
The girl liked Michael 's friend Henry .
Michael could not digest this fact since he could not compromise on anything .
Michael thought of a dirty game he called , Henry at a birthday party and took him on the terrace and pushed him down .
Henry kept on shouting to stop and not to betray his oldest of the friend . "
do not do such a thing that would make you regret later"Henry said .
Henry fell down and his head was injured Michael left him to bled profusely and later a pedestrian saw his body tried to look at his pulse rate but encountered that he was dead .
Later the girl discovered that Michael was all behind the incident .
After the inquiry Michael was put behind the bars and the girl went away .
And Michael just had the regret all the way later
Have you ever thought about what your life would be in the next 50 years ?
If you are quite young , you can expect to be alive in 2064 .
If you are old enough , you can see how far the technology has gone in the last 20 years .
It 's quite amusing to try figuring out what the life in the future could be .
First of all , oil should be overcome as a source of energy .
Provided that renewable sources will be developed enough , we could live without pollution .
Secondly , we can expect to live in a hi - tech house , with smart furniture .
And there could also be robots , why not ?
They could cook for us , drive our cars , wash our dishes , take care of our children and so on .
Medicine should have won a lot of diseases and maybe it could be ready to overcome aging .
On the one hand we could live in a more relaxed way , on the other hand we colud think about settling on other planets .
Would you like to live on the Moon ?
Can you imagine a holiday on Mars ?
Finally , you can think it will be a green , peaceful enjoyable world .
The members of my family are my best friends .
Why do I think so ?
I 'll try to explain .
There is no secret , that everybody needs at least one person to share his troubles or happiness with .
As a rule , a friend or psychologist play this role .
We must pay to receive the psychologist 's attention , but friendship is free of charge .
Every day for we are looking for friends .
It 's a way to deal with external world .
But what if nobody wants to talk to you ?
What if you 're alone and no one can understand you ( and you have no money and insurance to visit psychologist ) ?
You return home .
There you can cure your sick heart .
Your parents always maintain and defend you , they are happy just to see you - their child , the result of their love .
They treat you for who you are and know all your faults , but still love you .
My parents are my best friends because I can trust them , love them and look forward our meeting .
Thank your parents if they are alive and think if you would become a good friend to your future child .
THE LUCKIEST MAN IN CÁCERES
The luckiest man that you can know in Cáceres is called Sergio .
He is still in his twenties and he has studied computer engineering .
Until now all is normal in his life .
However , when Sergio finished his studies he was hired by Microsoft in United States .
He had everything that any person would want to have : live abroad , earn much money , have a partner , work in an international business , an so on .
Despite this , one day Sergio realised that what he was doing was not his true dream .
He did not want to earn much money , what he truly wanted was to earn enough money to travel around the world , and not a job which does not allow to do his hobbies , although it gives him a lot of money .
Then Sergio left Mycrosoft , created his own website which gave him enough money and travelled wherever he want .
Now he is a famous person on internet because of his blog : ' Live to the fullest ' .
From : Rafa
To : Alex
Subject :
Sorry that I haven't written before but my mother had been using the computer all the time for work and I had to wait until she finished her work .
First , I think that 's a fantastic idea go to the new activity centre . We 'll enjoy a lot and meet new places .
Sounds perfect for me !
As you asked me , I rather sailing on the river than climbling a wall because I want to connect with nature .
If we have extra time we can do the other activity whether you want .
At night , we can stay at home , as you said , and also we can buy chocolates and see a movie , that 's great for me !
But you can tell me other option when to go to your home .
Finally , I 'm afraid my parents ca n't take me to your home on Friday evening , because it 's my grandfather 's birthday .
The population grows , with more business skyscrapers , residential houses and advanced transportations , at the cost of diminishing farmland , wetland as well as deforestation .
Though the modern cities emerging repaidly , the problems caused by excessively exploiting the enviorment are severly various .
It is clear that habitats for all kinds of wildlife are vanishing as the bio - diversity decreases .
The red coral reef off coast in Austrialia , for instance , serve as shelter for algea and other sea tiny fishes and index of enviroment fragility .
Due to the massive construction of five - star hotels on beaches , the biological chain there are cut off and enviromental variations are gone away .
On top of that , It is the regulation capacities of enviorment that for temperature , moisture and even the sandstorms are erode as less plants engage inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen the whole system .
What 's more , extreme weather appears with EL NINO periodically causing catastrophic floods in northern cities in China and long - lasting drought in South American .
For the population density is ever - increasing currently , the loss triggered by these disasters are damaging and unaffordable for any single family .
In a response to address these side affects that the civilization bring about , governments must take measures stey by step to tackle them .
Firstly , governing authorities should set up protect area for animals and plants , inhibitating hunting or even leisure activities like hiking .
Apart from the natural areas , the minimual areas for forests and wetland have to be ensured .
Secondly , government must fund environmental organizations , in order to manipulate and coordinate more power to stop the illegal hunting , deforesting and animal extinctions .
Furthermore , the government should go out of their ways stand united in a way which joint endeavours could be effective globally .
In conclusion , government are supposed to balance the modernization and sustainable development .
Hello Paula
I want to tell you about the concert in my school , it was really cool .
We prepared it for a long time , but I had wonderful experience .
I learned to decorate the stage and sew costumes .
My friend Make showed me how best to play the role of snow White , it was very funny .
We had hard days also , we argued , but then quickly put up .
During the concert one boy forgot the text and began to improvise .
All the audience began to laugh .
The concert was very good .
The course is going to finish so the teacher want that we go out to a restaurant .
The choice was n't easy because the teacher is vegetarian .
At last we decided to go to a restaurant near the school .
The owners cook all types of cuisine and we can go there after the lesson .
The atmosphere is kind and familiar .
The prices are not expensive and foods are very good .
There are not many tables , but we are only seven people and this is n't a problem .
There is also a garden outdoor where we can spend a pleasant time together after lunch .
We will go there next Monday .
I have booked a table for eight people because our boss will come too .
We will eat a legume soup as start , a boiled fish with green salad as main course and a dessert at the end .
I have just fixed the price per person .
We are going to pay 15 euros per person .
I think it will be a wonderful way to finish our English course where we have surely improved in writing , speaking and listening .
Therefore I want to say a special thanksgiving to our teacher .
In my area , young people have a lot of options .
I see most of them like to stay at the garden downtown during the afternoon when the weather is good .
If the weather is n't good enough they can find a lot of cafes opened from morning until late night and here , if they are old enough they can also order alcholics .
There are many kinds of cafes , the ones for those who like sports , art , literature or music .
At the " Soft Notes " you can ear music played live every Friday and Sunday evening .
A lot of kids like to join the park next to the church : it 's not related to religion , here every child is free to come and play .
In this place there are guys and girls attending pedagogy organize activities to entratain children of every age .
The most rated restaurant is " Mario 's Pizza " , where you can eat delicious pizza with the top you prefer .
While waiting for it , you can play with video games placed in the basement .
Nowadays the type of transport that you use is a concerning matter of discussion .
Public transport include buses , trains , and subway , however cars , bicycles , taxis are not forgotten .
In the moment of choosing , very different aspects like ecological effects , the economic viability and even time uses , take part on the decision .
Firstly , the car option is the best one in comfort , because you do not depend on a specific time to travel and modern cars have the best technology in equipment and facilities .
Then public transport is not as comfortable as the previous one , because luckily you can find a place to sit and forget it if it is in the rush hour .
By the other hand , traffic is the biggest trouble talking about transport , cars facilities are replaced by the need of punctuality and , depending on the city , the delays are a concerning point when we talk about travelling by bus or trains .
However , the economic aspect is very important to consider when we talk about convenience , cars are the most expensive ones .
Not only because of the oil'prices , but also the costs of enssurance , the car , the parking taxes , etc .
In comparisson with a bus ticket that costs four pesos and you are sure that sooner or later it will come .
To sum - up , neither cars nor public transport is considered the perfect option , but considering long term consequences as is nowadays common in some European countries , bicycles are the best way .
Riding a bicycle reduces traffic , costs , ecological impact , and even car crushes .
So , what are you waiting to buy a bicycle and put a helmet on ?
Dear Jane ,
it 's so kind of you to send me my favourite Glaswegian postcards !
Say hello to Anne on my behalf and tell her I ca n't wait to have you both here in Rome !
Well , to start with , I 'd like to attend an intensive English course ; you know I 'm fond of foreign languages and keen on learning English as much as I can .
I 'd fancy living in a family and not in a college or in a shared flat as it will give me the opportunity to be continuously in touch with English people , day and night ; then , it is the ideal solution for me : you know I 've been recently given the sack !
What about lookig for colleges which offer Wi - fi Internet connection and a proper meal at lunch ?
I 'm a greedy guts !
Looking forward to receiving your new letter , and on tenterhooks for the information you 'll provide .
Michael
Fashion , clothes style , trendy appearance , make - up properly , the hear ...
Many people think that the first impression we give and our appearance are very important in our life ; but , it should be like this ?
It is certainly true that people are very critic with the appearance .
We have subjetive opinions ; we normally judge because we have a preconception idea .
We match clothes stile with a lifestyle and a personality .
That is why appearance should not have consequences in our lives .
Most people would agree that fashion is something that takes part in our day to day .
Normally , people choose clothes that famous wear or appear in the magazines .
However , there are people who do not follow that , and they dress the most comfortable clothes for them or the style they like most .
I think that there are many different occasions , and each one requires a different type of clothes .
For example , in work interwies and work that have a direct contact with the public it is better to use a for or smart style .
And same happened with parties , festivals , sports and other events .
Overall , my personal opinión is that we give so much importance to the clothes and the appearance than it should be .
Although in some occasions some clothes styles are required , people should have freedom to choose what clothesdo they want to wear , and it should not have consequences in our life .
The death of the public transportation
People do not think about the environment , they only think about the time that they will spend on the traffic . the scientists said the new society it can be called " the fat society " because the the people do not want to do any exercise , people do not walk anymore , people just use elevators , etc .
a lot of commodities , this is ta reason of why there are not future for public transportation , people do not wanna spend few time walking to the bus station or tu get a cab , although the service in the public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab driver refers to the persons , the way of the bus or cab drivers drives , etc .
In cities like Mexico some people have the opportunity to use Uber , that is a service that you can use if you have a credit card , it is an amazing service , but not all the population have car or the economic status to use an uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the buss or cab driver yell them or drive bad , in Mexico the public transportation in specific the cabs are not a very secure service , because some of the drivers still and kindnap , in may situation they can kill you if you do not have your precautions . but despite of this is very sad that in that place people can not do some thing because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more so they have to took .
In cities like United Sates of America where people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social condition so for the American people public transportation it does not matter , they have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decided for commodity .
The future of the public transportation can be death or can be in growth , it depends on were do you position your point of view , in Mexico maybe will never die , but in the United States the public transportation is now in agony .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She woke up and at once she felt something makes her happy .
She went to the kitchen and saw a beautifully prepared breakfast .
She wondered who could make such a pleasant surprise .
Suddenly , she remembered that for three days she living with Chuck - her boyfriend .
She ate breakfast , dressed up and go to work .
The day was very sunny and cloudless .
It was the first day of Spring and everything is going rise to life .
Flowers was in every colour of rainbow , the leaves on the trees going green .
When she came to office , she saw on her desk a note with a heart shape .
Anna opened it and read : " Probably this day will be the best day of your life " .
She smiled and thought that is a joke .
But moment later she found a second letter about the same shape .
She opened again and again read : " Meet me at 11 at the fountain in the park " .
Anna looked at her watch and as fast as she can run to the park .
It appers that at the fountain stay Chuck and waiting for her .
When she come closer he knelt on one knee and said : " Will you marry me Anne ? " .
She was shocked .
She was run out of words and just nod her head what it means : " yes " .
They together come back home and spend rest of the day together .
At the end of the day she said : " You 're right .
It 's the best day of my life " .
Sarah and Stephan are friends in the same school and also neighbors .
One day in the afternoon , they were on the way home .
Sarah focused on her cellphone , and Stephan was listening music loudly with his MP3 .
After few minutes , Sarah was chatting happily on the cellphone and did n't see there was a tree in front of her , so she bumped into the tree and hurt her head .
Sarah yelled loudly for help , but Stephan did n't notice and hear that so he kept on walking and listening to his music .
Fortunately , there was a mother with her child strolling behind them , and saw Sarah got hurt .
They took her to the hospital .
Stephan still listening to the music and crossing the street .
But he did n't aware that the traffic light has turned red so the car could n't go through .
The man in the car was very annoyed and pushed the horn seriously , but Stephan did n't hear that .
The man got down the car to tell Stephan stop listening to the music and pay attention with things around him .
Not until that Stephan found that Sarah was lost did he call Sarah .
And he knew that Sarah was in the hospital .
Stephan went to the hospital immediately to see how Sarah was .
Luckily Sarah was fine due to the woman who was walking behind them had called the ambulance at once .
Stephan was glad that Sarah was alright and also thankful to the woman .
After these incidents , not only Sarah but also Stephan realized how dangerous it was when you focused on technological products instead of the things around .
Both they are determined to pay more attention to the surroundings .
Book Review :
The Hunger Games
I just read the first book in a trilogy called The Hunger Games .
It is an action and thriller book written by Suzanne Collins .
When I started reading I could not put it down because it is a fascinating story that grabs you .
The story takes place in a country called Panem which is located in what was once known as North America .
Katniss the protagonist is a teenage girl 16 which is forced to poach to feed his family since his father died
An increasing number of people begin to discuss for the success in school or work , the having an ability to adapt or adjust conditions or circumstances is more important than having excellent knowledge or a field of study .
Many people air their opinions based on their own value system .
The majority of people tend to claim that having an excellent knowledge or the research field is the most important for school or work successfully .
However does the claim really ring true , conforming the real situation ?
I find myself not on the same wavelength with such an idea .
It is my contention that the people , who have the ability to adapt or adjust conditions or circumstances have higher percentage be successful in school or work .
As far as I concern , there are a bunch of reasons to support me perspective .
To begin with , acquiring the knowledge in today 's world is not a difficult things than it was in the past .
That is to say , the investment of the internet make it available for everyone in the world .
People can easily obtain the lasted knowledge by owning a computer that can access to the network and have the ability to reading .
In other words , the way to get the knowledge is equal to everyone in the world .
That is why it is not to be the key point that considered the key to success .
In addition , the education has already across the wealth gap .
To explain , there are a trend that many universities all over the world setting up the freely courses for the people who thirsty for knowledge , also often invited the famous scholar to give a speech to the public that is welcome for everyone .
People in modern society have a lot of resources to further research the field of study that they are interesting in .
Thus , everyone might be an expert .
Excellent performance in the field of study has not been determined of factors for your success .
A case in point would be the latest news broadcasted recently .
According to the investigation conducted by the 104 human resource bank , the percentage of people using the knowledge in the work field that they from school has surprising reduced in the last two decades by roughly thirty percent , a figure that has nearly one half compared to that of half - century .
Say it simply , the things that school teach us were no longer be used in the real world .
This phenomenon had been curiously many experts .
Does the knowledge from school have any different in the work field ?
However , after deeper analysis , we found that the very underlying contributing factor lies in the fast pace changing world and the text book can not catch up with it , knowledge is changing from time to time .
Hence , this research remained us that the ability to adapt or adjust to changing conditions or circumstances is the major factor to success instead of having excellent knowledge or a field of study .
In sum , there may be some people who may disagree with my position on this matter .
They may say that having excellent knowledge or a field of study is the way to success in school or work .
However , I think the reasons I have provided in favor of my view point are stronger .
In this essay , I will discuss whether older or younger parents are better .
Nowadays , the statistics show that many people are younger than generations before .
I think there are more younger parents because they do not live in a religious life which is far more stricter .
Previously , the most women used to get a baby after the wedding with their partners , but today , it is not so important anymore .
Every child wishes to have young parents , but is it really better ?
Actually the teenagers are right because younger parents have a stronger relationship with their children .
Apart from this the small difference between the ages is also an advantage .
Although less experience is owned , they recognize what a child wants to do .
On the other hand a disadvantage is that young parents are not able to protect their babies without having experience on that .
In my age young parents and I have in common that we go out in the evenings .
From my point of view older parents can give better advice in every difficult situation .
So the child grows up from a teenager to a middle - aged adult and can always looks up to the parents .
However the progress in adolescence is important for the next stage of life so I believe both are good at bring up their children .
To conclude , you can not change your parents anyway .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Tom had faith this day will be better than the others .
He did n't recover yet from the last scare he had that day .
He sat on his chair and looked to the window .
" ..... " he looked to his hands .
He was shaking .
He shook his head and looked to the ceiling .
He started to make his homework , but he had trouble concentrating as the memories came back to his mind .
" I can't ... do it " he slammed his head on the desk .
" I ca n't "
He looked to the bathroom door and walked to it .
He turned the lights on to see his face .
The same face as ever .
When he looked down the bathroom he saw something on the floor .
It was a note .
" Tom . Tom . Tom . Tom " it said .
That scared him .
It could n't be him again ...
He turned the note to see something
" 1992 - 2015 "
He felt it again .
The same feeling he had when he saw it .
He fell backwards and when he looked up , he saw it again .
" Tom . You are impolite .
You are late to your death date "
Everybody has got some ideas , how to live their own life .
It is very important to think about possibilities that should create your fortune .
There are two things that most impinge my life .
First , it is my family that helps me to make a good decision . I live with my husband more than ten years , so we know each other quite well to support the other one .
A big family is a great base for happy living together under one roof , but secrets are strongly forbidden .
If somebody in my family ask me to help I need to know the whole true without any potential lies .
That is why I learn my children to play fair .
On the other hand there is one other most important thing in my life- health .
I am more than happy that I am healthy and my family members are healthy as well , because health is the rarest thing in the world .
There is only one thing in the world that you can not buy and it is a health .
It is well known true through the whole men that health is fair to the rich and poor equally .
In conclusion I have to think about one thing , which is more important in my life that the other one .
I will always choose the health , because when a person is healthy he or she can do everything .
There are some solutions to prevent the rise in the consumption of sugar sweetened drinks .
The first solution is change portion size of soft drinks , which means smaller size of beverages could contain less sugar .
National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) points out that the most consumption of beverages for a teenager per day is sugar sweetened soft drinks .
Therefore , changing portion size of soft drinks would be efficient to reduce sugar intake for teenagers each time .
The limitation of this solution is the public may not satisfied with this size of soft drinks .
To overcome it , the producer of soft drinks could take a investment to teenagers what size is suitable before changing it .
This would help the teenagers who drink soft beverage decrease sugar intake efficiently .
Another solution to this problem would be education .
Family education would be introduced to their kids .
National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) reports that teenagers are main soft drinks consumers and the most consumption of beverage is sugar sweetened drinks .
Parents ' words is key to restrict their kids ' actions .
If parents educate their children to keep away from soft drinks or cultivate the awareness of drinking water .
They would not consume such amount of beverages .
However , children my get soft drinks outside the family .
That requires parents building a model to show positive effect without soft drinks .
Therefore , their kids would follow parents ' habits and behaviors .
In conclusion , increasing the consumption of soft drinks is one of issues to prevent from obesity and overweight .
A number of strategies could be efficient to address these problems .
Teenagers are main target who drink too many soft drinks .
So that parents education and changing portion size could be useful to address the problems which happens around teenagers .
If we take these measures within a short period and keep it for a long time , obesity and overweight problem would not happen in our next generations .
We can say that the Coyle 's idea is well developed thanks to two features that pass through the chapter and likely the entire book : first of all , many significant references and specialized people are mentioned to define what " deep practice " is ( a psychologist , some experts in their own field , authors who already analyzed that particular topic … ) ; secondly , but no less important , Coyle himself collected the most of his information while visiting at least nine places , nine " hotbeds " ( 12 ) where talents grow , as a sort of collection of data gathered from laboratory experiments .
As a consequence , theory and examples proceed together in a such natural way , that the reader must exclaim undoubtedly , as if she / he were before a Sherlock Homes ' investigation : « That 's it !
It has to be that way !
Coyle 's right ! »
In my days friendship was easily made with neighbours , schoolmates and social clubs friends .
Although we did not have the current social communication means such as Facebook , Twitter , Whatsapp , we were very sincere and close to each other more than these virtual frienships prevailing today .
I already exprienced one friendship through an organization , International Youth Service IYS , a benficiary association established for youth friendship .
In which we have to wait more than thirty days to send and receive one message that interchanges these days with one button press .
I have a personal experiment backs to 1987 , in this year I had started a pen friendship with a German girl called Claudia who was 17 years old then .
The surprise is today I am 44 years old and Claudia is 40 years old and we still correspond to each other through the modern means of Facebook and Whatsapp , of course , we no longer can wait for thirty days while we can chat and see each other live .
In my country I have two sincere friends since we were about 7 years old and we still in a strong friendship up till now .
It is not necessary to agree with each other in everything where we always debate and challenge whose opinion is correct .
Meanwhile , we support each other in crises , regular life troubles and sickness .
Real friendships everlasted like what I am actually made with my best two friends , should be founded on trust and faith .
The best of all in real frienships is to always believe in your friend 's abilities and be his real mirror for good and bad actions , he will be the same to you .
Skate or Hate
As I am in my late 20s I 've found it hard to find a sports activity that would neither be so competitive as those in fashion in my country nor demanding , so I could do it in my free time .
One fine summer day I was walking along the streets of a coastal city when all of a sudden I came across a shop that caught my eye .
In one of the windows I found a skateboard and along came the memories of the year 2000 and MTV channel that I was brought up into .
I thought to myself that could be a challenge and , with no second thoughts , I purchased the board .
It was since that day that I try to skate as much as possible and I love every bit of it .
It is funny how such a simple activity can bring so much joy into a person 's mind during the well - deserved breaks .
I suggest playing safe and being patient .
No future for public transport ?
Can use of your own car instead of a public transport save you money , time and effort ?
The most people prefer a car rather than a public transport .
However the latest studies shows a car is not always more efficient .
The right choice of means of transport makes a big impact on your time and resources .
In deciding whether to choose car or public transport we need to consider many factors , such as length of journey , time of the day we travel , area we travel through , number of us , weather etc .
As there are cases where car is much more efficient than public transport and other way round .
The recent studies found , that travelling from a suburb to the city centre is much more efficient by combining a bike with a train .
It saves plenty of time by avoiding traffic jams and there is no need for searching for a parking space .
In addition travelling by train saves a great deal of money as there is no parking fee .
Moreover there are discounts for regular journeys .
On the other hand , the studies showed , in many other cases and especially in irregular trips there is more convenient to use a car .
A car is unbeatable for its flexibility .
It is much more easy to use a car when going shopping , or making a leisure or an occasional trips .
Although , there are some disadvantages of using a car such as traffic jams and a high maintenance cost .
All in all , in most cases using your own car can save you money , time and effort .
Popularity of cars confirms it .
In spite of that , studies said there are cases in which public transport is unbeatable .
Therefore it has a safe place in our society .
The use of public transport has become an important issue nowadays .
There are those who try to avoid the use of public transport and prefer driving their own car due to the advantages it offers .
However there are those who reject this and are in favour of the use of public transport .
I am going to explain why I think there is not future for the public transport .
A great amount of people think that driving your own car has more benefits than using public transport .
Firstly , it allows you to go directly somewhere without finding out the information about the timetables of public transport such as buses or trains .
In addition , sometimes you have to combine both of them in order to arrive on time to your work place .
Another benefit of not using public transport is the time you can save .
For instance , if you have to go another city by bus or train to your workplace , the time you waste since you set off increases .
Saving time in the mornings allows you to sleep more or to spend more time with your family .
Moreover , the use of your own car has more advantages . Travelling by car avoids getting wet when the weather is rainy .
If you travelled by bus or train , probably you would spend more time walking along the streets to your final destination .
Despite the bad weather , if you travellled by car , you could park your car near your destination , so that you could arrive comfortably .
However , there is some people who prefer the use of public transport in spite of using the car .
The government usually advise the population to use public transport to cut down pollution and the amount of gases which damage the atmosphere .
In addition , it is often claimed that is cheaper than travelling by car .
Although it has some benefits , in most part of the country , especially in the smallest towns the public transport is not enough developed .
To sum up , I believe that the public transport has no future because it makes you to waste a lot of time , it is not enough developed in small areas and there is not enough frequency of trains and buses .
In my opinion it could be useful hardly ever times , so it would be necessary a great amount of improvements .
.H. Lawrence 's saying " Nobody ought to own houses or furniture - any more than they own the stones of the high road " is an ambiguous saying that questions the need of the people regarding a high number of properties .
First of all , to a certain degree , I comply with the idea of controlling the maximum number of properties one holds in his grasp , because this denies the possibility of exhausting the spaces that can hold another family .
This speaks of the idea of the government or another organization having the control over houses and their furniture and making the people living there only the owners of their own goods .
This is an interesting concept because it can give the government the money it needs to solve its other problems and does n't necessarily break any rule of personal space .
Second of all , as I did say " to a certain degree " , the idea of controlling one 's own choices regarding house picking and what they can do with them takes away a bit of their freedom , which is the complete opposite of what we should get to .
Mankind has always strived for freedom in one way or another , and taking away the control of their own house , their sanctuary , will not be taken lightly by them .
In conclusion , I can not tell whether or not the control of the people 's houses and furniture will bring any help in today 's society , as we are only hypothetically speaking , without any form of testing , however it does have its strong and weak points .
Dear Mr ... ,
First , I want to present myself my name is Daniela and I 'm 16 years old .
My English is improvable but by speaking I hope that I 'll do it well .
I think that I 'm good for this job , because I really sociallize with children .
I like organising activities and games to make people enjoy their time .
I 'm a cheerful person so I would attempt to give my best for receiving the attention of the children .
Also I 'm very responsible and hardworking so I would take care of the children and I would do my tasks the best I could .
Eventually , I want to say that this is an important opportunity for me to learn and to do new things .
It 's a wonderful adventure .
Sincerely ,
Daniela Conti
In this article I am going to write about my favourite sport football .
I love football because it 's a team sport .
You feel that you are a part of the team and everyone is together .
It 's also a really fun sport to play .
It 's really fun when we are playing different cups , Gothia for example .
It is worlds biggest youth cup and are located in Gothenburg in Sweden .
Another cup that is Swedens second biggest cup and are called " Piteå Summer Games " and it is shorten to " PSG " .
Both cups are really fun to play , and it 's extremely fun to go far in the cups .
My advice for people that is going to start football is that you just have to do your best .
And try to be a part of the team , then it 's more fun .
And when a football training goes bad , you do n't have to complain so much about it .
Just keep going and try to do it again .
Of course you can be angry but it 's not a big deal .
Everyone does wrong sometimes , even the best players in the world .
And at last , it is really fun to play .
well , the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nigth because it 's when I arrive at home and I have finish my whole rutine so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax so I would say that nigth is the most relaxing part of my day so it is the one I prefer the most
Ithink there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life but it depens on the situation because I also like to let thing be alnd let them happend because they have to happend so the majority of time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happend and not to plan anything but if it 's something related with my future or sometehin that will be really afect me I will prefer to plane it like what kind of job I want to do or about my dregree or things like that
Sport centre
The sports centre in Ondara have visitors of several village and from all age groups .
This centre offer several activities like swimnpool , paddle , tennis , ritmica gym , judo , ballet ...
Furthermore , has various coaches and with a perfect timetable for the parents that are busy the daytime and for young that need to go classes after lessons .
This installation is near the field football and basketball court .
In my point of view it is a good situation because the children can do different after school activities without moving too much .
Moreover , for the parents is easier .
I want to emphasize that thanks to his full schedule and amount of the coaches , adults like children can do different activities at the same time instead to have to wait .
On the other hand , the only disadvantage I can see is there are n't activities for the old people .
This centre should provide activities that do not require much physical effort for this kind of people like petanque or something like that .
Finally to say that is a perfect sports centre and inexpensive including a range of activities .
A friendship that ends , never started
You knew him for years or will meet him in a year .
Friends are important and make your life happier .
When you are in a hopeless situation they have the right counsel .
I know my best friends since my childhood .
Thomas , David and I were neighbours and grew up in an ordinary calm village .
We spent a huge period of time together .
Thomas is looking for a thrilling job .
David is in a boarding school in Bern and conclude next summer .
Thomas is a small and fine fellow .
He is one of the most persevering people I know .
David looks bored at the first moment but in fact he is wetty .
His body is large and thick like an elephant .
David is always ready for a joke but amazinly that he has the ability to appear seriously .
Thomas is a calmer person and has the control about the circumstances .
When we meet us and the two friends were walking side by side they look like Laurel and Hardly .
I feel really glad to have friends who have time if I have of something .
I really do n't like to travel by train or by boat .
My favourite way to travel is by plane .
It 's the fastest and most comfortable way to get to your favourite destination .
Especially I like to a first class seat in a plane .
It really feels like you are i a five star Hotel in a luxury suite and not travelling 10000 meters above the ground .
If you need sun and warm weather , you only need to sit in a plane , enjoy your flight and take a pause from your business and from work .
I do n't like to travel by boat , because it 's unconfortable and it takes a fortune till you arrive at your destination .
To travel by train is not an option for me .
It often happens that someone jumps in front of it and you feel the vibration when the train breaks the bones of the dead person .
I would like to talk about a diamond jewellery set that I gifted to my wife on our last marriage anniversary .
This is a set having one diamond necklace , one diamond pendant with a unique shape , one pair of earrings having diamonds and one ring for her ring finger .
The metal used in this set is 18k white gold .
The tool to communicate with foreigners .
Nowadays it is more common that people spend time to learn another language .
There might be many reasons , for school , business , or just for private interest .
In my personal experience I can say that if you learn a foreign language like English , you wo n't have a problem when I 'll go abroad on holiday .
On the other hand , when you learn another language there 's not only benefits but also drawbacks .
You might spend time and money to learn a language .
I want to learn English , and I go to the college twice a week .
However , I must pay the fee and every evening it 's my commitment study something or do my homework .
I suggest having all youngsters , who want to learn another language , they ought to go abroad .
I 've lived in the United Kingdom for more than one year and I 'm learning better than when I was in my country .
The young people should do an experience like this .
Hi Jo !
How are you ?
I 'm very happy to hear about your news !
If you would like to spend some time travelling my country Spain is a fantastic place , because the weather is good most of the year .
There are beautiful cities to visit like Madrid , Barcelona , Santiago , Valencia and all the cities of Andalucia , the south of Spain .
In Andalucia the people are cheerful and welcoming with tourists .
I , m from Córdoba so i tell you about the most famous sights in my city .
Cordoba is a trhee hours train ride south of Madrid , and draws visitors from all over the world
Córdoba is not as big as Madrid orSevilla but i love it .
The main attraction in Córdoba is the Mosque , it is a building where are mixed arabic and catholic elements .
It is the only Mosque in the world that is not oriented to the Meca .
Out of the Mosque you can see Narrows streets with flowers and a Roman Bridge , it is a wonderful chance to have a relaxing prom .
For a job i recomended you travel to the coast in Cadiz , Malaga or Huelva and look for a job in the beach because at the sime time you are in the beach you could obtain money .
Well , i 's time to go .
Write soon !
Lots of love ,
Lucía
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
The bomb was going to blow up in a few minutes .
The train was running still too fast to jump off and soon it 'll be arrived in Milan central station .
All in all , he would n't be able to stop the device .
Only a few long seconds spent thinking about what he had to do : he had to save the passengers .
He desperately run through the train towards the driver .
He tried to push the door that led to the head of the engine , but it was locked from the inside .
A cold chill run along his neck .
He was scared .
He wanted to cry .
Desperately he started to kick the door , furiously , blind with rage , harder , faster .
The door opened .
Then he saw the commander was lying dead in his chair .
He was shot in his head .
Fortunately , a voice from the radio was trying to contact the man .
In a hurry he dashed to the microphone and answered the control station .
" Where are the brakes ? "
Now in the distance he could see the first skylines of the city .
The train was finally stopped .
That day he came a hero .
He saved 220 people and among them he knew the girl that 5 years later became his wife .
I used to play basketball for three years and it was a great experience and I had a lot of fun .
I enjoyed playing basketball not only because I wanted to play a sport but even because it 's a healthy way of leaving .
If you are playing a sport you improve your abilities went your working in a team in which all the players have the same aim from the game : winning the match .
The advice that I would give the people that would like to start playing this sport is that they should have a bit of experience in working in a team that is full of new people .
The most important thing that ya person should know about this game is that a lot of intelligence is requested because you must know how to reach how to get nearer to make their aim become reality , and that one is that the team should score as much as they can to win the match and have fun .
In my opinion this sport will always be my favourite because it made me feel happy and have a great time with my friends , and it also maintained me in good shape .
Dear Sir X ,
I am writing to you in response to your advertisement which I saw in the notice board of your school .
I am applying to this position because I would like to work as organizer .
I think it will enrich my CV .
In my opinion I am the perfect candidate for this vacancy .
First I have achieved a good level of English because I have lived in the UK from July 2012 .
I like managing the conversation in a group .
I will permit to everybody to explain his point of view .
Also I like watching every kind of film .
If you need reference about me you can contact Mrs Georgie , my English teacher .
I enclose my CV , which gives full detail about my experience , ability and skills .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely
I strongly believe that research has a valuable benefits to society and the environment .
For example , making the life better and comfortable .
Bachelor 's paper [ 1 ] is one of the good sources of describing what does research mean .
He mentioned about an important point for doing a good research .
First of all , researchers should be interested in what they are doing .
Interesting in the area of research leads to invent and optimize ideas that are already existing .
Second , critical thinking which is the deep thinking about the problem and the way to solve it , is an important factor of successful research .
Also , honesty , originality which is the ability to think critically , independent and creative , and precision let research to be more valuable .
Moreover , working as a team for researching , let researchers gain lots of research benefits .
Such as , ideas and learning more the best methods to analyze data .
All members of the team will get benefits and push each other to achieve the goal by giving some advice and more information .
In addition , Clear , easy to understand , and precise scientific paper are one way to represent , share , and discuss the ideas and results with others in a scientific environment .
Also , Seminars are other good sources to come up and listen to a new idea .
Exchange information with other researchers , via scientific papers or seminars , sometimes come up with solutions for other researches ' problems .
Researchers should not give up when face hard problem with the research and keep try by different ways to solve it and they will do it at the end .
To conclude , there are some of an important research principles .
Whenever researchers consider most or all of them when working on the research , researchers will get results with a high precision .
Researchers enjoy their research as an enjoyable activity .
There are two choices to travel : by own car and by pubic transport .
In my opinion , I prefer to travel by car for those reasons .
First , I can travel by my own car whenever and wherever I want .
For example , if I travel to my company by bus , I must be on time and follow the bus schedule .
Sometimes , bus schedule does not suitable for me .
Maybe , bus comes too early or too late for me to go to work .
Traveling by car , I can choose the time .
Moreover , I can choose my own route to go to work .
I can stop at my favorite coffee shop to buy drinks for breakfast .
Second , I feel comfortable when I travel by my own car . I hate to travel by public transport because it is sometimes too crowded and noisy .
In rush hours , I do not have a seat and I stand all the time for a half hours .
In my own car , I can relax with music and enjoy fresh air .
Furthermore , I do not worry about the theft or any crime which used to happen when I traveled by train .
Generally , although traveling by public transport is cheaper than by car .
However , I find traveling by my own car much more advantages than others .
Therefore , I think public transport will be disappeared in the future .
Dear Paul ,
As I told you before , last month I was helping at a concert of the greatest band in the world - Atmasfera .
I was so happy when I heard that they are coming to Katowice !
Immediately I contacted their manager , asking If they could do with some help .
She said that they will need someone who can take care of their performance outfits .
That was such a good idea !
Not only I was close to them , I was also doing something I 'm really good at !
Day before the concert , I met band members , and we started try on clothes for the next day .
We had so much fun !
They turned out to be such a wonderful people , they treated me like an old friend , making jokes all the time and even invited me to eat dinner with them .
On the day of the concert , I met band two hours before start , I ironed all clothes , I even do girls hairstyle .
When the concert hall was full , band came on the stage .
In the headlights , they all looked so beautiful !
I felt like that was partly my doing .
I was part of the team .
That was what I particularly liked about that experience !
I was dancing and singing all show , and after manager came to me and asked if I would like to work with them full time .
I will have to sleep on it .
What do you think I should do ?
And how was your weekend ? Hope to see you soon !
With love ,
Maria
There is no future for public transport ?
It 's not true .
I ca n't imagine our world without public transport .
I regularly take trains to go somewhere .
So do other people in my country , especially old people who have not got their own cars .
I catch buses regularly and see a lot of people there .
You can imagine how great is idea to leave your own car and take a bus to go to work or go shopping .
Another good idea is to use bicycles .
I 'm glad that every year we have such a wonderful day called " A day without cars " or something like that when people try to use public transport rather that their own cars .
We can help our environment to be healthier !
Dear Jane ,
Thanks for your letter - it was great to hear from you .
I was absolutely thrilled to read that you 've got a job as tour guide in the Congo rainforest !
Well done !
I 'm sorry it has taken me so long to write , but I have been working my fingers to the bone preparing for my exams , for which I 'm annoyingly nervous .
Speaking of nervousness , I think I 've found a solution for you to shake off your nerves about using the English tenses correctly .
You wrote that this sometimes made you stutter during tours , which made you feel rather uncertain .
However , there 's no need to worry any longer , if you have a look at www.elihinkel.org/tips/tenses.htm .
At this website , you can find a clear , detailed explanation of the tenses , with illuminating animations .
I got to leave off now , I 'm afraid .
Hopefully you 're able to visit the site .
I 'm sure that if you spend some time studying the information you can find there , you 'll have mastered the tenses the next time we see each other .
Keep me posted on your experiences in the jungle !
Love ,
Suzanne
Recently works Google , a multi - million dollar company , who is not only famous for search engines on self - driving cars .
Entering your car and giving the directions and then having a stress - free drive towards your destination and let a computer take control of your ride is not a distant dream anymore .
But are driverless cars as safe as old fashion cars ?
It is surely a fact that autopilots in car 's sure are handy .
It takes hours driving to and from , hours where one just have to concentrate on driving , hours gone futile .
Although it must be admitted that driverless vehicles are expected to help children , the blind , the elderly and others who currently can not safely drive themselves .
On the other hand it will lead to more driving , because smarter driving reduces the cost per mile of vehicle usage .
The end result of additional driving could be more traffic and more aggregate fuel consumption .
To put the whole matter in a nutshell the self - driving system is good to prevent accidents .
However you should still be able to drive by yourself you can not only rely on that system it is still not free from errors .
The Colosseum is a beautiful structure in the heart of Rome , Italy .
More than two thousand years old , it is still standing .
Even thought it is in ruins , visitors from all over the world come to see it .
It was an immense amphitheater .
Thousands of people fought as gladiators .
Today , Not many amphitheaters are standing .
It is in the shape of oval but most of it is broken .
The italian name , Colosseo is quite close to english .
Visitors can enter it and admire the inside .
The Colosseum is a quite tall structure .
It is the most popular amphitheater in the whole world .
Come and visit the Colosseum and discover it 's beauty !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to you in order to candidate for a position of person , who organise a Film Club in your language school .
Last year I passed the FCE exam with a grade A , which is evidence for my excellent English skills .
I prefer to spend my spare time watching films , so in this way both I improve my English and relax .
During the last year , I watched a lot of famous and priced films , so that I am prepared to follow discussions about them .
I am a communicative person and I often meet with my friends .
Among my aquaintances I have a reputation of being friendly , positive and talkative woman .
In my job , I have daily work with groups of people and I make presentation in front of them .
I have good organizational skills and can explain things clearly in order people to understand it easily .
I work on a part - time job , so I am free on Monday and Wednesday evenings .
I think I am suitable for this job and it would be а pleasure for me to organise your course .
Best wishes
Nikoleta Uvarova
Have you ever imagined your life without computers ?
many people consider it indispensable .
Like many others , it seems to me that it involve various positive aspects to everyone .
In fact , a significant number of people agree that computers have made our lives much easier than before .
Nowadays , you can chat with your friends via computer even if they are on the other side of the planet .
Computers help us in organizing our data , also you can find any information you want very fast as it has lots of search engines .
Another reason , knowing how to use a computer is necessary in most jobs .
A lot computers advertise their goods on the Internet so millions of people would know it - computers enable us to automate various tasks that we can not do manually and that is really helpful .
Computers can help you with your homework to find the information you need .
Finally , in my opinion computers is very useful to all of us .
He had to study more than ever in his life .
The first partial tests were going to be soon .
Everyday , everyhour he found his self thinking about the future .
the job he 'll have , the clothes he 'll wear , the food he 'll cook ... he had almost every inch of his future planned .
But firstly he had to pass the exams .
That was the key to open the treasure trunk , full of golden options .
As his mother he would work as an advocate .
He would make a name for his self working hard , and his family would be proud .
The truth is that everybody had really high expectations of him .
The idea of becoming the people protector face to the law , was n't his .
When he was little , he heard his family talking about how happy they were because his brother Peter waas following the steps of his mom .
Sadly Peter was no longer there .
Michael 's mother cried for months and his father tried to look strong , but you could hear him sobbing at night .
Michael thought that playing his brother 's role would help .
He closed the door and knew at that moment that he had made a mistake .
Dear Madam / Sir ,
I have read your hotel 's advertisement about Niagara Fall 's romance package in a newspaper .
I am writing to you because I am interested in booking this service at your hotel and would like to receive some further information in advance .
First of all , could you provide me information about the whole costs of the package ?
What I am most interested in , is a room with a fall 's view indeed .
Can you assure me of getting one by all means ?
Since I want to spend a night with my partner at your hotel at the end of December , I need a confirmation on your part of providing the room at that time .
Can I be sure that the hotel will not be booked up between Christmas and New Year 's Eve ?
In addition , could you provide me information about the nearest airport and about the way to get to your hotel from there ? We must know this for any case since we are going to travel by plane from Budapest , Hungary . I would be pleased if you could assist me in booking a cheap flight as well .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon with all the details which you can provide me .
Yours faithfully ,
Vera Borbála Solt
We live in the century of the speed .
Each year we use more and more types of transport : buses , trams , subway , trains , airplanes , etc .
And of course , we use more and more personal cars .
Do I think that public transport will gone in the future ?
Yes I do .
One of the reasons is the time .
Now we are spending too much time in waiting for public transport and of course we would like to get our destination as fast as possible , but public transport does n't provide such possibility for us .
That is why we try to buy our personal car .
Furthermore we use personal vehicles or rent cars for travelling , because it is more convenient and gives us the feelings of our independence .
I understand completely that some types of public transport such as airplanes and ships , will exist some time .
But this is an exception because existing technologies do not allow the usage of such personal transport as we would at present day .
But , the future will change this situation .
Helping Strangers
I used to helping people when needing , I do n't prefer to be a bystander .
First of all , my altruistic nature is due to my biological desire to help other .
for instance , one day I was walking in the garden when I saw a girl falling down from a children swing in a playing area , I helped her immediately , after I was sure enough that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident , she thanked me a lot .
I was thinking she was my responsibility , but it ca n't be the same every time .
in addition , young ages are observing an altruistic behavior from month 18th .
for example , last week I was stressed out , so I lost my phone at the university , I was not realizing that until I returned home . while I was on my way to the university , my little sister praying for me to finding out my phone .
so , in my opinion children when they are witness always want to help strangers .
Finally , scientists hypothesize that our brains are helpful enough when we can helping out other people .
Dear Alison ,
Hi !
How are you?I hope everything is alright .
I 'm writing to say that I 'll be delighted you to be my guest at home next month .
Now let me give you some advice about how to get to my place in Madrid .
When you get to Barajas airport you 'll have to take the subway and go to Atocha station and there you 'll have to change line and catch line three to get Sol station .
I 'll be there to meet you .
If you 're not for it you can just get a taxi at Barajas airport to the same direction .
I strongly recommend the first option because it 's cheaper than the second one .
Besides this way you can have an exciting start in Madrid .
If you get lost in the metro do n't worry .
Give me a ring and I 'll pick you up wherever you are .
I hope to hear from you soon .
Best regards .
Juan
Saving the environment
AS we know our planet 's condition is getting worse every day .
Because human activity releases into the air substances that damage several things in our planet such as the atmosphere and ecosystems .
The global warming , deforestation and drought are some of the consequences , therefore we can do countless things that appear to be meaningless but if everyone does it we can live in a much healthier planet .
Every day scientists try to develop new ways to improve the way we live , so that we are hable to pollute less the planet .
One of the things discovered by these scientists are the Eco - homes , in other words Eco - homes are a type of homes that help us causing less damage to the planet and atmosphere in our everyday life .
It sounds a little bit strange but by installing solar paniels and other features in these homes we live a much greener life , undoubtedly there would be some changes but because we know why we are doing it there would be no problems .
Also the effects of those actions would be gigantic and would help improve the environment situation nevertheless we will still have to change some activities and be less self - centred so that we can all work for a greater objective .
In my opinion in a decade we will be living in these homes , I ca n't wait to live it
I practise several sports , but my favourite is football .
I play football twice a week as minimum .
I enjoy playing this sport because it is very funny and competitive .
Furthermore , football give you the opportunity to make friends because it is a team sport .
With football you can move all the muscles in your body and also exercise your mind thinking about what is the best pass or when you have to run or stop .
If you want to start to play football my advice is to be fit , because if you are n't , you can hurt your bones or muscles .
In order to be fit , you can run or ride a bike for two or three weeks and after that , you are going to be prepared to play football .
The equipment is very important too .
So wear comfortable clothes and a good trainers .
I recommend you to play it with your friends , but if you are in a new city , you can search teams on the Internet .
There are a lot of opportunities .
To improve your skills you can practise alone and you will became better than before .
So play football and enjoy it .
Hi Jay !
You 're right , in fact it was very difficult to me but I finally took this decision because I want to make new experiences .
I'm very excited!I'm going to the United Kingdom in a week 's time but I 've already made some plans about it .
First of all I 'd love to visit new places .
Would you mind making a list of places you like the most ? .
Moreover I need to organise a tandem to improve my English but if it would n't work I could attend an English course .
Do you know any languages school?They're very expensive so I will need more money .
Speaking about money ... I really need to find a job !
I have to get money if I want to stay there for half a year !
And my parents refused to give it to me because they say I must become indipendent .
Will I succeed ?
Who knows ...
In the meantime what about helping me to find a part - time job ?
I ca n't definitely get a full - time job 'cause I want to relax and have fun .
Text me if you find something for me .
Best wishes .
Eleonora .
St . Petersburg
Russia
23.05.14
Dear
I 'm very glad to receive your letter . I 've not heard from you for ages .
How are you ?
There are my answers to your questions .
My class visits museums once a month .
My favourite museum is the Hermitage that is in the heard of my city .
I think that everybody should visit it because you can see beautiful paintings of gifted and famous artists .
It 's a great idea to go hiking with your family .
When and where are you going hiking ?
Have you bought any equipment yet ?
Did you go hiking last year ?
Hope to hear from you soon .
Best wishes ,
Inna
The Vietnamese education and study system is completely different from the Australian one .
Like to Asia countries , such as : Korea , China , Singapore , the Vietnamese education and study system is really harsh and highly competitive to all students , especially for the primary students .
Firstly , the primary education and study system of Vietnam is very hard .
They have to study a lot with from 5 - 6 subjects in a semester .
These subjects mainly focus on math skills , grammar , writing , but there are not any courses related to life and communication skills or innovative science .
All subjects are less flexible and all students are learning the same programs at the same time .
Meanwhile , the Australian education and study system is easier and more enjoyable than Vietnamese system .
In a class , there are very few students with many more flexible study programs .
The primary students are touch many different life skills by teachers at school .
Additionally , the subjects in the school are given with the aim to develop thinking and creativity of students .
They also play many interesting sports .
Secondly , it is not only from the school but also Vietnamese parents of the primary students are also expected in the education of their children .
They usually hope that their children get on the highest scores in school .
Therefore , outside the school , Vietnamese parents want to send their children to tutorial classes , such as : math , writing , grammar , … .
Consequently , Vietnamese children have not any life skills and have many health problems , such as : short - sighted , tummy - ache , spinal column … Sadly , the proportion of Vietnamese children who are short - sighted tend to increase in recent years .
Meanwhile , Australian parents also care about their children but other way with Vietnamese parents .
Outside the school , they send their kids to sport Centre or go to the social activities .
Sum up , Australian children are happier than Vietnamese children . I think that primary students need to spend more time for playing and enjoy their childhood .
I loved to climb from the word go .
My first time was an exciting experience I will never forget : the touch of the rock , the high , the pain in your fingers ... I like climbing because this sport makes me feel alive , even sometimes I feel fear .
But do n't think that climbing is a dangerous activity!. Although you climb to the top of a rock wall , you always do it with a checked security material .
Firstly , if you want to climb you will need , at least , a partner .
You must rely your life on this person , so it 's important you get on with him or her .
It is perhaps for this reason that people who climb are often couples !
Moreover , climbing is a sport in which it 's not too important if you are a man or a woman because you does n't only use your strength but also your equilibration .
You should give a try to this amusing and thrilling sport that it 's a sort of competition with yourself : every day a little bit higher , every day a little bit difficult ..
If you take up climbing , I 'm sure you 'll carry on ! !
My holidays
I love holidays and summer , the season I like best because of a lot of things : In summer I always go to the mountains , in my grandparents ' house , where I get fun with my uncles and cousins .
Grandma 's food is great and I spend days staying outside , playing badminton or volleyball or having a walk in the wood .
Some days we have a long trip too .
We bring food and drinks and we spend a day in beautiful places such as the top of a montain , an amazing castle or a tipical market of a town .
But what I love best are the afternoons with my favourite cousin , Sara , and his brother , Luke .
We play Risiko fou hour : we 're never fed up !
In winter is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the near peaks : skiing is my favourite sport , I do that since I was five and I love doing the most difficult slops , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
These are some reasons of why I love mountains and why I spend there most of my holiday .
we were in cold
Hi Mitak ,
I have recently watched The Ultiamtum of Bourne and I 'm so excited to share it with you . I believe you 'll absolutely love it .
It is action movie that involves the secret games of CIA .
The film is about this CIA assassin who ca n't remember his past , but he knows he 's chased by the agancy .
Eventually , he reads about a journalist who is writing about him and a program called Black Brare .
Just before the assets get the journalist Jason Bourne helps him to escape .
He tried to get some information from the guy , but unfortunately a sniper shots him dead .
I will not tell you what happens afterwords not to spoil it for you .
My friend , I can not recommend this film enough .
It is a piece of work indeed .
If you 'd like to see it I 'm going to come along with you to the cinema , because I really wish to watch it again .
Dear Paul ,
I 'm sorry I haven't written to you for so long .
As you know I was really busy last month .
My teacher asked me to organise a charity concert in our school .
My task was to find a band of musicians who would play at our concert .
I must admit it was really hard to find a really good group of players , who would juice up the audience and also play for free .
I decided to organise a casting .
It was so exciting and funny listenig to all those musicians , because some of them actually did n't have the skills to play and did n't have the charm needed to warm up the people .
In the end all went fantastic .
We managed to raise much more money for a good cause than we hoped to raise .
That 's all for the time being .
Write to me soon and give my regards to your parents .
Bye ,
Paula
Throughout my life I lived in a few cities and villages located in South of Russia .
Each of the cities has unique set of transportation means .
In villages the only way of public transportation is small buses , most of which can service up to twenty passengers in any moment of time .
In regional centers most people commute via trolleybuses and tramcars .
The latest is transport of choice of most people because its passengers very rarely lose time in traffic jams due to dedicated railway passages .
Those who are not satisfied with public transportation system may use private vehicles .
I estimate more then 99 percent of them are cars .
Rarely we can see bicycles and scooters .
I used to travel on buses .
But recently I bought a cheap bike and really enjoyed riding in summer time .
Now , in November , weather in Russia is not so good so I switched back to buses .
My most recent dream is to ride on EuroVelo roads network .
I expect them to be much more suitable for bikes compared to local roads .
I wish road surface quality in Russia will improve year on year .
Hello my name is Nina Joly and I 'm seventeen .
I still go to high school where I study four languages , French , Spanish , English and Italian .
Thanks to my mom , to travels and to the people I 've met I 've learnt how to speak fearless and quite fluently in English .
I absolutely love children and honestly they love me ; I think it is a sort of a gift , because not all the people love children and can get on well with them .
I 've had a little bit of experience in summer baby sitting some kids ; in Italy it is more diffiult to be a babysitter because if you are underage , parents should have responsibility on you so it is better to be over 18 .
I love playing with kids but as always there are some rules that have to be followed .
The most important rule , in my opinion , is " having fun without hurting or getting hurt " .
During those few times with which I built my experience we all played together and we cooked together , so I taught them how to make some chicken and some pasta in an Italian way .
Honestly I 'm not the best cook ever , but I can make a few good things like scarbled eggs , pasta and meet .
One of my carachteristics is that I 'm a very precise person , for example I enjoy making lists because they make my mind clearer , and I strictly follow what I wrote so everything , hopefully , endes well .
Thank you for your time and attention .
Trust in flying with a horse
I really like many sports on this world . I go to ge gym daily to stay fit and healthy .
But my overall favourite sport is riding horses .
I 'm doing it since I 'm six years old .
It is so fascinating for me to build up a relationship to the horse you ride .
You know what is the most important thing about riding horses ?
It is all about trust .
If you provide confidence , the horse will trust you .
With this reliance you can go throughout everything together .
Many people think , it 's not really a sport .
But believe me , riding uses so much endurance !
What I like mostly about all the different sections of riding horses is jumping .
I feel so free when I can fly over these obstacles .
Another good feeling is the speed when you gallop .
Surely this was not everything .
Riding means also to clean the horse and look after it , but nevermind , it 's the best sport you can do .
As the production of cars is increased , it seems that the needs for public transportation is declined .
Some insist that no one need bus or subway in the future .
However , in my opinion , it rather useful to use public vehicles as time goes by based on two critical reasons .
First , people do n't want to waste their time finding parking lots .
The more people have their own cars , the more space to park is needed .
Unfortunately , there is a certain limit to space , so it is not possible that everyone use their car every day especially in mega cities like Seoul , New York , and London .
It is more convenient to move from here to there when you take the bus or subway because you do n't have to worry about your car while working .
The second reason is more important and obvious .
It is related to the environmental issues .
Using public means help to protect the Earth from air pollution .
There are so many kinds of problems which the environmental pollution causes .
The pollution is a kind of global issues of which people should consider seriously .
Without reducing personal vehicles , there is no solution of that problem .
Surely , the government will try to make a better system of public transport because they want citizens not to use their own means .
For these reasons , there will be the future for the public transport always .
Moreover , it is quite optimistic that people will need more it rather than private transport .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to enquire about the job of Camp Assistant in a summer camp , which was advertise in a magazine .
I am 25 years old and I have finished my studies of psicology this year and I am available to work from July to September .
I am a very active person and I am accustomed to doing different kind of sports activities such as swimming and riding .
I consider me a responsible person with the ability to be able to face any kind of problems .
As soon as the languages I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and Germany fluenly and recenly I have passed the First certificate in English .
I feel that I have the right experience and qualifications to do this job .
If you think that I am the most suitable person to be recruited , I would interested to hear from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Mary Smith
This topic leads me to think of professional skill " Architecture design " .
This result in different of views on whether people agree the best things for improvement people 's lives have already taken place .
I hold the belief that the topic for me is completely wrong , even some improvements are easy to use and solves the most of problems .
First , the development of population still continue , the space for living still a serious problem although , the skyscraper already solved the most of problems from population crisis .
On the other hand , the skyscraper makes more problems , such as pollution .
For example , I designed the highly architecture in the highly population density city in Taiwan .
The skyscraper provides more space for excess population ; however , the building will produces more pollution when the skyscraper constructs by modern materials , such as steel and concrete .
They will destroy the environment when the raw material digs out from the site .
The pollution must hurt the local people and environment from the site of raw materials .
This is why I mentioned that the problem still exists and the problem only transforms to another regions and type .
Second , the computer system looks like solves the most of problems ; however , this system make more dangerous in specific situations .
The " BUG " must be appears from man - made system because of the incomplete coding .
That is why our personal information always leaks to the " hacker " .
For instance , when we enjoy the electronic commercial service and shop the goods on the Internet , the hacker may steal the private information at the same time .
They will use that information to cheat people 's money on the phone and you will trust them because of the correct personal information .
This is normal phenomenon in Taiwan ; however , police ca n't do anything because of the hacker 's anonymity .
That is what I said that the best improvement things still not exist , even the computer system already solved some problems .
Of course , some people may be moved to disagree with my position on this issue .
That being said , I still feel the reasons I have presented was strong ones , such as architecture and computer system .
Dear Jane ,
As soon as I read the article about your problem , I decided to write you at once and give you some suggestions , since I have the similar interest in physical fitness , too .
I feel very strongly that the daily exercise is a basic definition which we must keep if we want to be on shape .
To start with , a simple way to work out is not to get the bus for school .
For example , you could go on foot or with your bicycle accompanied by your friends instead.by doing this , you will burn more and more calories daily without a special equipment and having fun with your pals .
Furthermore , if I were you , I would go with engaging in healh club .
For instance , signing up for hip - hop dance or aerobic classes as I do , it would be a nice idea .
In this way , you will do a hard - working exercise without realising it , as you will enjoy yourself at the same time .
What is more , it could help if you work out at home and buy gym equipment such as treadmill or a bicycle .
By doing the chores of the house like the washing is another way to exercise as well .
As a result , you will save time and embarrassment , especially if you are out of shape .
To sum up , if you follow my options you 'll see results directly and I 'm sure you will not regret it .
You will not feel self - confident and glad , but your outward appearance wiil be better .
Friendship today
Friendship is actually a really important issue nowadays .
Plenty of ways can be used to make new friends .
Facebook , Twitter … all of these social networks offer us the easiest way to find new friends .
But are they real ones ?
In my opinion the best way to develop your new friendship is , meeting them , have a coffee a drink or whatever .
Talking is truly the unique way to get to know people and establish strong bound .
Moreover , some guys try to find friends who always agree with them .
However , it could be a little bit unhealthy .
To tell you frankly a best friend has to offer you a different point of view and what is more it is important say no sometimes .
For all of these reasons we have to take care our friendship theses days and social networks are ok to be in touch with your friends but if you wo n't to make new ones .
Go anywhere !
And meet new people .
Money : essential for youngsters ?
At the age of eighteen , most of British students are finishing secondary school .
A new , tougher world is in front of them as they get ready for collage or to embark on their professional career .
The family financial support , at this stage , seems almost essential .
With this in mind , some questions arise : Should young people be given all money easily or should they put in a great deal of effort to get it ?
Should parents prepare the ground for their sons ' success or just let them work hard to build their lives ?
We have to admit that toil and trouble are urgent needs of this juvenile generation .
Why do we call them youngsters ?
Because they are so , and there is no trouble with that .
But there comes a time when they are supposed to make it to adulthood .
At this point , lack of money might be a blessing in disguise .
The more they sweat to chase their dreams , the fast they ripen and prize what they earn .
I 'm not dismissing the idea of financial aid , though .
Do n't get me wrong , please .
What I 'm doing is challenging the way we approach to it .
We have to preserve the ethical value of maintenance at the same time we help the next generations to succeed by their own means .
If we can provide youngsters with money and still avoid they grow lazy , then economic relief is welcomed .
Undoubtedly , I 'm presenting a major challenge to every parent : shall we be able to take care for youngsters provision and yet teach them that money does n't grow on trees ?
Money is almost essential , but the way young people learn to interact with this is essential to shape a society that appreciates what it obtains through effort .
My holidays in Spain ( 2nd part )
My holidays was here !
I arrived to Spain on Sunday morning , It was a lovely sunny day in Malaga .
I arrived very exahusted , because I could't sleep the night before .
I had to wait awake in the airport !
When I arrived at home , I just wondered one thing , sleep , so I did .
I was sleeping all the afternoon .
I was really tired !
Monday , I had the typical " family day " , I had been eating with all my family in our cottage .
Then I met with my friends and we had a nice evening drinking some beers in the pubs .
The Tuesday was an extraordinary beach day .
I was all the day liying in the beach , talking with my friends and having an incredibly time with them .
Wednesday was the relaxed day .
I was all the day at home with my cat watching English film and eating Spanish desert .
In Andalusia , in Easter , the typical desert it 's called " pestiño " .
It a sweet olive oil pastry with honey .
My mum was preparing the day before , and was really yummy .
I almost eat it all !
My family is catholic so in Easter , the main days for our religion are Thursday and Friday , for my family too .
I 'm catholic , I believe in God but I 'm not very friendly with the Vaticano 's rules .
I 'm a free catholic .
Probably it sounds weird , but I 'm on my way .
These two day were family days , I had to go to the church to a mess which represent the last alive days from Jesuschrist : the last dinner and the passion .
At least , these weekend I did n't do anything in special , because I feel tired and I had n't got money enough to do any special plan .
Finally , the day to comes to England had arrived .
Monday I came back to London and my holidays had finished .
See you soon Spain !
In my opinion public transport is the future , because its quality and comfort will improve and it 'll be easier to move and cheaper too .
Travelling by car is so much more conveniente if we think about small places such as villages or small towns .
Imagine to go by car to cities like London , is it the car more convenient ?
If you consider the cahotic traffic and the long queues to get there and impact of these factores on people 's health and people 's finances , I 'm sure you 'll change your mind about public transport .
In the last few years public transport has been improving a lot in terms of technology , flexibility and diversity in terms of timetables , tickets and places .
Besides these , the public transport is better for the environment , especially the electric bus .
The electric bus is an option in many countries as a way to improve the environment .
This type of transport is a great contribution to the environment , because it 's cleaner than those that need petrol or diesel to work .
On the other hand , is possible to find hibrid cars but they are more expensive than those that works with normal fuel and for that reason people 's first option is not this kind of car .
The theme of environment is very important nowadays and can cost a lot to a country .
A country has to pay for their ecological foot and this means as much pollution is produced more environment damage , in other words bigger ecological foot , and consequently more has to be paid .
Governments will define environmental stategies in order to decrease the costs of ecological foot .
Such strategies will involve taxes above poluent cars , the increase of fuel price and definition of benefits to those who opts for more environmental means of transport .
So the convenience of travelling by car is not totally true .
Of course you are owner of your time and destinations , but it is enough ?
Think about its impact on your espences and on the environment , would n't be better to take a bus , an underground or a train ?
If we consider all the factors mentioned above , probably much people will change their mind .
Dear USA Summer Camps ,
I am Ana Alicea Benavidez , a student from the Faculty of Medicine of Málaga , where a girl , who was one of your volunteer , was talking about this project the last week , she suggested we to join it .
I have working in different activities like this , for example in a famous basketball team as a volunteer , or in the hospital with children and their parents who live there .
Moreover , I live alone in my home , therefore I can cook and be an excellent cooker too .
I consider I am a fun , communicative and responsible person with experience in this kind of activities , and who can help in all the things you need .
Because of that , I think that I could take part in your team and I would be a suitable person for you .
Finally , I would like to know where will be the camps exactly because I need to buy the flights .
Yours sincerely ,
Ana
A wise man said " The pen is mightier than the sword " ( Edward Bulwer - Lytton ) .
These words reflect the power and the importance of writing and reading across mankind 's history .
Although there are a lot of reasons that support that idea , this article focuses about the importance of reading as a great tool to exercise our brain .
First of all , the brain is a complex part of our body that is able to process information and create knowledge based on stimulus .
Those kinds of stimulus come from several sources and they help you in different measures to exercise the brain .
However , reading is the most important source to exercise the brain because it presents a lot of challenges for our mind .
For instance , when you read , you have to associate characters and places , and memorize details .
Those kinds of things help to the brain to be more active and process information faster .
At second , there are some researches that prove that in general people who read are smarter than people who do not .
This affirmation is based in the fact of the increase of literacy and development of verbal intelligence that people get when they exercise the brain reading books .
This is another big reason to take care about reading , because in this competitive world , only smart people will be able to get the best opportunities available in society .
At third , when people read , they have to use the imagination to get a better idea of what 's going on .
That situation is another example of how reading is an excellent brain 's exercise , because when people have to imagine things , the brain has to be creative , and that kind of process is too important to improve yourself in problem 's resolution and creation of important ideas in real life .
In general all the things described before show how important is reading to exercise the brain .
So , next time when you try to avoid a book , think first whether you need that your brain works faster or be more creative , because could be a good idea to exercise a little bit your brain with reading .
Review Silence of the Lambs
There are many good movies , especially thrillers are always enjoyable in my opinion .
One of those is the movie ' Silence of the Lambs ' , where Clarice , an FBI agent in training , has been asked to talk to an imprisoned Hannibal Lecter who has information about a serial killer the FBI has been trying to catch .
There were several reasons why this movie stood out .
First I was really impressed by the performance of Jodi Foster ( Clarice ) and Anthony Hopkins ( Hannibal ) .
I have always thought of them as really good actors , but they were exquisite in this movie .
Not only in their individual parts , but also in the scenes they did together .
Secondly , the storyline was unpredictable and really clever and for that really enjoyable .
You had to pay attention throughout the entire movie to keep up with the story .
On top of that was there tension at all times .
This movie is outstanding , I believe that even people who are not really into thrillers will enjoy watching it .
As I mentioned before , are both the acting and the storyline really impressive .
You will be watching with full interest .
At last is the character of Hannibal Lecter one of a kind , there is no other movie where you will find a figure like him .
Dearest Renee ,
How 's your first English literature lesson at school ? I hope it had loads of fun with plenty new knowledge acquired !
I had learnt the special features of the 16th century acting business and theatres in London as well as the lifetime of William Shakespeare .
I ca n't wait to tell you more !
You may have thought theatres would be fashionable place for the royalty , courtiers and merchants .
However , it was not .
During the reign of Queen Elizabeth I and King James I , play watching was an entertainment for the locals to relax .
As it cost very little to get into an open - aired theatre , everyone jammed and jostled to watch plays , though the poor stood under bright sunshine and had their heads burnt while the rich sat in the shelter with an extra shilling paid .
At the same time , actors were busy dressing and reciting the scripts . '
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs . '
Do you remember this famous quote from Romeo and Juliet ?
At that time , males had to work while the female were forced to stay at home and do all the household chores .
Frankly speaking , actresses did NOT exist !
These actors paid full attention to convenience the audience that it was graceful Juliet rather than a stiff boy acting .
They used props , thick make - up , gowns , wigs and all sorts of accessories .
The ' Juliets ' even had to shave their beard and moustache and enjoy their role throughout the play .
What a gargantuan sacrifice of self - esteem and reputation they had given up !
One more interesting fact is that , both the lovers in the play were Italians but their playwright had never been to Italy .
It could reflect 16th century London was a melting point of different cultures and Shakespeare probably got in touch Italian culture by making friends with those local visitors .
Three trumpet blasts were given symbolizing the start of play , yet none of the respected silence would be given .
Audience would boo and throw fruits to the actors in case they did n't like them .
Special dramatic effects were thus added on stage .
Cannonballs were rolled around to make sound of thunder .
Pig 's blood was used during casualties or deaths in sword fighting .
Stage trapdoors allowed actors to vanish magically .
In a roofed - in theatre , pulleys and machinery were used for lowering actors on stage .
Shakespeare provided everything the people asked for --- laughter , romance , and tragidies .
The play lover , King James I was impressed and became the patron of the Lord Chamberlain 's Men .
The company changed its name into ' the King 's Men ' and performed over 200 plays !
By now , I have widened my horizons and increased my interest towards the spotlight on playhouses .
I wish you love it either !
Write soon !
Cheers ,
Michelle
As you asked I am going to give the information of how my village looks after the environment .
My village has been working on this project for decades they have been fixing their techniques and they still know a day 's everything has cost us a lot of effort we started from the easiest examples ( dividing rubbish into different containers ) to some that are more complex ( renewable energy ) .
We live in an area where its population has all types of animals which can get hurt very easily by human 's activities ; so in our community we have very strict rules when referring to taking care of the environment .
The principal things everyone must have at their houses are three trash can for the division of the trash ; one must be for renewable materials ( rest of food , paper , carton … ) another for plastics and the last one for glass .
All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy , that provide part of the energy to each house the days that the sun shines but if there is no sun the village has a dam beside us which provides them enough with water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only we have hydraulic energy but also wind energy ; in the out skirts of the village there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
Also our water has one of the best purification methods after we use it we clean it so we do n't contaminate the water of the river or dam .
To try to keep the environment clean we have a big group of voluntary workers that work after their jobs here trying to keep this area as clean as possible by picking all the rubbish and controlling the whole area in case there is something not normal .
Apart from this group of voluntaries every person of the village is obliged to take care of the environment and use the car as little as possible so the pollution is as minimum as possible here the bicycle is the most famous way of transport car are n't common they are only used when transporting heavy thing or when travelling long distances .
Nowadays , many people like do the shopping .
But everyone think in that way ?
Some of them think that buying things are very boring and unnecessary .
First advantage of buying new things in shops is that it is very satisfying , in particular for women .
Many of them are relaxed when they are searching for new , remarkable clothes .
Secondly , we could find shocking bargain in shops .
Shops could give us even 70 percent of sale , what helps saving more money .
On the other hand , doing the shopping is not only something enjoyable .
One of the drawback of going to the shop is that we spend huge amount of money .
We would buy next , impracticable high - heel shoes , which will spend couple of years in wordrobe .
Last but not least disadvantage against for doing the shopping , in the mall could prowl many pickpokets , because they could rob us .
In conclusion , buying new things is a good idea to spend fascinating time with friends , however we could also lose a lot of money .
Personally , I do not agree with the statement " shopping is not always enjoyable " , because I like this kind of spending leisure time , for instant , with my mom or friends .
This bar chart deals with the costs of three different photocopiers .
Therefore it compares the purchase price , the warranty expenses and the running costs of each product .
Interestingly the pruchase price of " Carde " and " KD " is almost the same .
In " Cardas " case the amount is $ 600 and " KDs " price is vagualy $ 700 .
However " Sebu " rocks with a pruchase price of $ 1,000 .
All photocopiers show a very low warranty price .
In this category " KD " exeeds with cost of $ 200 .
Wherby " Carda " and " Sebu " score with warrnty expenses under $ 150 .
" Cada"s product has the highest running costs with $ 1,200 .
In the case of " KD " the running charges come only up to $ 800 and " Sebu " has obviously the lowest expenses with $ 600 .
As a long term investion I would choose " Sebus " model even its purchase price is very high .
The reason therefore are its small warranty and especially running costs .
The kenn running expenses will compensate the purchase price in the future .
In today 's world , nearly every person take care of what she or he is wearing .
Many people claim , that wearing fashionable clothes is very important .
It seems to me that these clothes may have a high price and sometimes they do not worth it .
Some people fear if they do not wear the latest fashion , they wo n't be valuable person .
They spend a fortune on outfits and wait for being admired and appreciated .
Wearing any kind of clothes have an effect on you , and obviously on your image .
I agree with the idea that clothes can help in expressing ourselves .
It is very important to choose those items which represent your personality .
For example , some people design their own clothes and they sew it too .
In this way , they represent originality just by using their creativity .
However , in most causes people are not satisfied with their shape and look .
It is often owing to wearing clothes which do not fit and suit them .
The latest fashion is often designed for slim persons , so it is recommend to choose the right ones .
To sum up , I believe there are pros and cons wearing the latest fashion .
The most significant thing is that it is not what makes you beautiful .
It 's inside that count .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He ran over to his treehouse on the mountain , where he used to spend time himself or reading a book .
Two days before Peter received a letter of someone saying to meet her / him in the treehouse at 5 o'clock .
The treehouse was built by Peter 's father and it was their secret .
Two years ago , Peter 's father died so Peter was the only one that knew where was the treehouse .
So , who could have sent that letter ?
Peter ran and ran and when he arrived he saw the door opened .
He founded it strange because he always lock the door and the only people that had the keys was he and his father .
He came into the house and saw a man sitting on his father 's chair .
He shout " Who 's there ? " and suddenly the man turned over and the mystery man was Peter 's father and he said " I 'm proud that you have kept our secret .
See you later ... " .
Peter ran into his father 's arms but he disappeared and he promised himself that he never ever would tell anyone about the secret .
I do not think that no future for public transport because not all the people can have a car , especially , poor people in the developing country .
Moreover , there are places on long distance we can not travel by car , so we need a train or even a plane .
In addition , some people do not like travelling by their private cars on the highways because they fear the accidents .
But on the other hand , l agree to some extent that travelling by my private car is much more convenient .
I can travel at any time being restricted to specific times , as well as l can rest at any cafe to drink my favorite coffee .
I enjoy using GPS during travelling on my own to explore new places .
Consequently , we can not dispense with public transport , even if some of us would rather to use their private cars .
Some non - building areas , in some countries , are now occupying by housing and other residential buildings .
This would have some serious problems for both citizens and animals .
Human beings need more natural environment to live better and to ensure the living qualities .
Inhabits can go to countryside to have a pacnic or excursion with their friends or families to relax .
Ater natural areas , such as farmland , forest and wetland , are destroyed in large - scale , there is no close places with beautiful scenes to visit .
The consequence is that they are easily to get sick with modern buildings , which would influence their mental health , and even worse .
For animals , they are a part of nature , where is the home for them .
Without a pleasant place to live in , they are confronting extinction .
If their living areas are occupied by housing and other buildings , their source of food and water could be a serious problem .
As a result , some most vulnerable species will face to die out .
The large - scale building land are supporsed to be their home .
For governments , restriction on exploring human land is one of the ways to solve these problems .
Policmakers can enact a law in reducing land development .
Another method is that natural ecology gardens can be provided to those animals , like birds .
As long as there are some places for them to live , the natural ecology could be balanced .
In conclusion , a wide range of buildings and constructions can not only destroy our own living environment , but also that of animals .
Governments are responsible for changing this problems to achieve the harmony between man , nature and animals .
LIVE AND STUDY IN SPAIN NOW …
WORK WITH US ! ! !
We know that submerging in the culture and custom of our chosen language is important and a better way to learning it .
We are however conscious of the financial difficulties that young people face today , it is for this reason that we propose the following idea .
It gives you the possibility of working as an Au Pair .
Earn while you learn Spanish and become more independent !
All that is required of you is to have a knack for kids and love the idea of becoming Au Pair .
Are you interested ? Do not hesitate !
Fill the application form and and send it to us in the following email address :
This could be the greatest experience of your life , do n't miss it ! !
First of all , I want to sincerely thank you for the opportunistic offer to proved quick ways to begin saving environmental resources .
I will begin by strongly advising cycling for a number of reasons : a better physical health , better mental health , and no paying oil bills .
The physical exercise endured during cycling provides a great workout for the cycler , and in addition to that , blending with mother nature helps improve mental health ; you also save your own money by not paying for oil bills .
Another way to help is to save the electricity , and while doing that , save my money too .
Moreover , less electrical stress on the machines ensures that the machines ' lives elongate .
I also recycle my old paper material such as old books , and this greatly helps our atmosphere thanks to the decrease in hazardous gases resulting from burned waste .
On the other hand , we all get to benefit from the cheaper recycled paper materials ; I also want to mention the blissful feeling I get when I recall I have done good for our wonderful world .
In the end , I sincerely hope this report proves informative and encouraging for many .
This was Ahmed Bishara and I am a fierce supporter of this cause .
Dear Sir or Madam
I am writing in order to apply for the post of Camp Assistant you have adverted in a magazine .
I am sure I will respond to your requirements since I have the abilities you are asking for .
Recently I passed my First Certificate in English and I speak fluently Spanish , too .
In addition I am very responsible person and I have got a first aid certificate , which has given me the confidence to deal with emergency situations .
I am not a professional athlete , however I am keen on sports , especially street running competitions .
I enjoy participating , whenever possible , in competitions in my city as an amateur athlete .
I would like to enlighten I am available for the dates given , because I will have finished my degree course in June .
Finally I want to let you know both of my references are happy to be contacted immediately to confirm my personal qualities .
I hope to hear as soon as possible from you an interview arrangement .
Yours faithfully .
Save yourself
Have you ever thought what you can do to help the environment ?
Maybe not !
There is a lot that you can do ...
This year I decided to clean the local forest with my family .
It will be very good to us , to the animals and to all the plants .
First , we thought that will be good to plant trees but it 's easier to make this .
Cleaning the forest is a fantastic idea because when the forests are cleaned , forest fires hardly happen .
It will sabe lots of plants and animals , it will save the environment , so it will save me and you .
Do n't forget that the environment is very important for all of us .
By saving the environment , you are saving your life
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She had a feeling that her birthday wo n't be oridinary .
For sure her friends were preparing a big surprise .
As far as she considered , she find out that she had a right .
Firstly , just after she had went into the school they greeted her with million colofull balloons with inscriptions with all the best wishes .
Then she had to go for class so every balloon was sent to the sky what made a beautiful view .
After she had finished her lessons , her boyfriend arrived on his motorcycle and took her for a nice trip .
Eventually they came to the lake on the suburbs and then she saw something unexceptable .
There was a big surprice - party in the forest .
Firstly she noticed only a big tranparent with a title " Happy birthday Anna ! "
and then it turned out that all her crew was there .
She heard the music and this is how the party stared .
It was really amazing day full of pleasures .
Anna would never forget it !
In my point of view I recommend you to stop going to sport classes , because I think music classes are better because you can also get a job in a orchesta or something like that .
Also you can work such an athletic and you can obtain a big amount of money but it 's also so difficult to get there and you have to be the best of them to earn a good amount of money .
So yes , I recommend you to carry on with your music classes but if you prefer to do sports I will support you also .
I do n't know which of them you like more but I am sure that you like one more than the other , so if you want to be a basketball player do n't give up with it .
I recommend you more the music classes but that 's your choice .
So that was my opinion about your problem and my recommendation but you are the one that have to take a decision , so good luck and remember to study also .
This project is a Historic Research on the relation between Euro and Denmark , to discover and understand the changes made by Denmark Institutions and Government as to adequate their social , economic and political system in relation with the new European currency .
With this research I want to discover if those changes helped Denmark protect itself from the European crisis .
The Danish measures will be also compared with other actions performed by European Countries like Italy .
This study project will be developed studying
-Danish and European historic documents and previous research about the Euro ;
-old and contemporary Danish journalistic articles ;
-Danish and European Institutions such as ECB , European Commission , Danish Ministry of Economy and Foreign Affairs , and it will be necessary to make and analyse interviews to Danish and European politicians , economists and experts of this historic and economic field .
The aim is to trace the new political , economic and social structure of Denmark in relation to the Euro and all its consequences .
To ensure safety wearing safety shoes is the most basic measure .
Besides , different training has different safety requirement .
For example , in the electro - pneumatic control training course , the operator must wear face mask when the machine is on to protect from hitting by the tube with high pressure air , likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the machine after you are fully prepared with a face mask .
And the PLC controller 's wires have been protected by the insulated rubber everywhere except the connection point .
In addition , when operating the variable frequency drive ( VFD ) , it is necessary to set another separate emergency stop button , which is easy to be make out for unprofessional people in case of emergency .
" Your granddaughter must be born , with a curse that cause a scorn . Imperceptible she must become until she finds a love .
Two - sided it must be , or else she 'll disappear forever and a day . "
Ever since a curse was put opon Ailee 's grandmother , the girl has been living a daunting life .
A life , being unseen to humans eyes .
Ailee was banished to the forest at the age of 16 .
It was the curse that had made her life living next to the humans tough .
Whenever she was near any person , she would feel odious pain .
It stung her like there were a million needles inside her .
" The fate gives you a human that you can bear . "
But how to get a love when you are invisible ?
The curse has a good side which Ailee is enjoying a lot .
I watched a movie called The Help .
It was the story about black maids who worked for white families during 1960 's .
The movie was stoning , some of the plots were rather shocking .
It is hard to believe during the segregation time , black people were treated as a second - class citizen not only in real life but also in the constitution law .
The movie revealed the ironic reality and the ignorance and stupidity of some unkind people during the segregation time .
It also had some warm scenes , showing hope , courage and sacrifice .
Before I moved to Canada .
I did not know much about African - Americans ' history .
I had heard about slavery , discrimination , hate crimes against black people , but I did not know what really happened at that time .
Now from books , movies , I knew some of the most influence movements , I know Martin Luther King , Jr. was more than an activist and a public speaking man .
I knew the first person who ended the segregation at southern was a 9-year old girl .
It 's hard to imagine what they had been through during the civil rights movements .
It 's hard to put myself into their boat .
What if I was an African- American , what if I was born during the segregation time .
Would I be brave , determined ?
Would I hide behind crowds ?
I really do n't know .
It is really difficult to even think of .
As if I can not imagine if I were a heroin of one of the enormous heroic stories .
What would I do for my county .
I was born and raised in China , being a Chinese , it is our obligation to remember what Japanese soldiers had done to us during World War II .
We learned enormous heroic stories about how those heros scarified their lives for victory .
I have no idea why we had to learn those legends which were full of darkness , torture and violences .
It was the first day of Max 's School excursion to the Patagonia , they had arrive there yesterrday night but , today was the day they would actually go exploring .
They left early in the morning , everyone in the trip was very excited .
As soon as they got to the base of the mountain trail everyone filled up their water bottle and began walking .
Max was so anxiuos to see all the different kinds of wildlife .
Halfway through the trip Max heard a wierd noise close by and he decided to see what was going on , but before he knew it he was all alone .
The noise continued so he decided to see what was happening , As he turned the corner he found himself looking at a puma that was badly injured .
Max did nt know what to do .
Finally , he decided to go back to the class trip and let them know about the puma .
He followed the trail until final he was able to catch up to the class .
He went to the guide and told him about what he saw .
The guide decided to go with Max to the see the puma for himself .
When they got to the loction the guide decided to call the wildlife protection in that area to come help .
Once the wildlife protection were able to help the puma , everyone congratulated Max for his bravery and help .
Max coud not be happier . "
What and amazing day!",Max whispered to himself as he into bed that night .
The last documentary I saw was a documentary of National Geographic called Ocean .
It was about the life in the ocean and the consequences of climate change .
The first thing I learnt was that we are destroying the Earth and , especially , the oceans .
Every day , a lot of animals die due to all the rubbish we throw into the oceans .
The second thing I learnt was that we have to change the way of fishing because the fishermen kill a lot of aquatic animals , like dolphins or sea turtles , that they do n't want to kill .
This is because they drag nets along the seabed and catch all the animals that are swimming in it .
So overall I would recommend this documentary to everybody because all the people must know what we are doing with the Earth and they must learn to look after it because we only have one Earth and if we destroy it , we wo n't have any place where we can live .
I conduct group and individual training on Hatha Yoga and Thai Yoga ( Ruesi Dat Ton ) .
I am also a Therapeutic Thai massage professional .
All my yoga lessons and massage sessions are conducted in line with Correct Approach to Spine ( CAS ) method , so they are very safe and based on scientific reason .
Safety and knowledge of the body mechanic are very important to CAS vision as they give feeling of confidence and understanding to yoga practitioners .
I have more than 10 years of experience in the field of yoga and four years of teaching .
I had practised Ashtanga and Iyengar 's styles of yoga and Ruesi Dat Ton ( yoga of Thai hermits ) , learned different approaches during my training in India and Thailand , and my practice brought me to Classical Yoga - Correct Approach to Spine school , which way of exersising I found the safest , the most beneficial for health and scientifically grounded .
Because for me the practitioner 's safety is the one of the most important thing as ahimsa ( non harm ) is one of the crucial principles of yoga .
Renée Kwakkenbos
Dear Bruce ,
Thank you for your circular in which you explained your plans with the Warden Park .
My husband and I appreciated very much that you are receptive to new ideas .
As you know , we frequently visit your Health and Fitness Club .
The swimming pool is the favourite spot for building our condition .
Can you imagine that we were a bit disappointed when we read your plans to build a second sauna cabin beside the swimming bath ?
I hope you consider the kids in this plan !
For them ( or do I have to admit us ) , it should be a better idea to build a changing room with more space at that particular place .
In addition , your proposal to provide additional equipment for the gym and a wide screen TV for the snack bar did not get applause in our home .
The snack bar is our reward at the end of all our sweating , but I must apologize that sometimes we leave this place because of its long waiting times .
My recommend : do not hesitate to invest in a second microwave .
My last , but not least , advice is for the gym .
Maybe you can consider a bit renewing there with new classes , such as kickboxing .
Thank you once again that we were allowed to give our suggestions for you wonderful place .
If you ever do need more of these proposals , you can reckon us !
Kind regards ,
Dear Mr Smith :
I read your advertisement on your Internet Website .
I think I am the most suitable employee for your request .
I usually look after children and really enjoy it .
My cooking abilities are not good enough but I can learn cooking quickly .
I am as good in organizing that I am able to meet a lot of people in a short time .
I would like to take a meeting with you to explain to you my skills with more detail and also I 'll bring you a copy of my Curriculum Vitae .
Hoping to hear from you soon .
Sincerely Nuria
He loves searching the net .
He surfs three or four hours each day .
He has contacts from Cape Town to San Francisco and from Santiago de Chile to Manila .
As many young people , Michael lives with email , Whatsapp , Facebook and something like that .
Two weeks ago he knew a beautiful girl in Linkedin .
She seemed a foreign student in Palmira , in the north of Siria .
They began to plan some adventures together .
At certain moment , the girl , named Cris , asked him for a little aid .
He must go to a certain place , recover a suitcase and send it to Casablanca .
She said it was a present for his aunt , who lives in Casablanca .
Michael went to take the case .
He took the case and planned to travel to Casablanca next weekend , taking advantage of a bank holiday on Monday .
Michael booked the trip and arrived at the port in Algeciras on Friday evening .
He entered the office to control the luggage .
A civil servant called him to go to a next room to speak with him .
They entered .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Tom and his campaign
A few days ago , Tom saw on the newspaper an article that talked about the pollution that is produced by the cars and the effects that they would have in a few years .
This would cause a global warming causing the winter disappearance .
The same day he asked to his Science teacher if this would probably happen on a future .
The Science teacher explained to Tom all the problems that would provoke the global warming an he propose to Tom to do a campaign to raise about the use of the cars and the problems that would cause on a future .
To promote the campaign , Tom went to speak with the director and they put in agreement that all the kids of the school did a few placards with inspiring phrases to not use so much the cars and uses more public transport .
When Tom has arrived home , he has explained to their parents all related to the campaign and they have been very happy
It had been a very long day and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Laura and I 'm 25 years old .
I come from Sestri Levante , a small town near Genoa , on the north of Italy .
I live just in front of the sea and I 've been working in restaurants and pubs since I was 16 , where I learned cooking and serving tables .
I am the eldest of four brothers and sisters and I have been used to take care of them , when my parents were at work , especially because I love babysitting !
I can cook and I like organizing sports and different types of activities , so I think I would be really suitable to work for you .
I can speak English and German and I am a really hardworking girl , always happy and cheerful with everybody .
I attach my English C.V. so you can read my references and my past experiences .
Thank you very much for your kind attention .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon
Kind regards ,
Laura Piccio
Home of the future will be definitely different from those in which we live currently .
Maybe the shape of homes will not change as much , as the internal .
For sure the main role in every home will play technology .
Everything will be working remotely , lightning , heating - probably there will be a possibility to programme everything by time , day , month and so on .
Keys wo n't be necessary anymore .
Doors will open by our voice , footprint or retina scan .
All appliances will be eco - friendly .
There will not be a home without air - conditioning anymore .
Room configuration and style will be somewhat different - more glazing , more open spaces .
Homes in general will be more airy .
The decor will be more modern and simpler .
The dominate colour will be white , but there will be some elements in more vivid colours .
Main materials will be plastic and metal .
Unfortunately we ca n't know that for one hundred percent .
We 'll see with ours own eyes in twenty , maybe fifty years .
One year ago Robert Stromerg directed " Maleficent " , from the film " Sleeping beauty " .
The cast included Anegelina Jolie as Maleficen , Elle Fanning as Princess Aurora , Sharlto Copley as King Stefan and Sam riley as Diaval .
This film is set in England .
The film is about Maleficent that become bad because she is abuse by Stefan , her true love .
Later stefan becomes King and decide batter down the magic forest , where lives Maleficent .
Then the daughert 's Stefan , Aurora , goes to live with three faires .
Maleficent finds Aurora and they become friends .
When Aurora is sixteen falls in sleep because Maleficent has done enchantment when Aurora was young .
The three faires lead to the castle a prince , Philp , because he has to do the kiss of true love .
After taht Aurora does n't wake up .
Maleficent is sad and she does apologies and she kisses Aurora .
The princess wakes up .
Finally Maleficent overpowers Stefan .
At the end Aurora lives with Maleficent in the magic forest .
The cast is excellent and the color in the photography is spectacular .
It is well worth seeing !
As I think , learning likes a weapon for any individual which enables him to be like a champion .
Nelson Mandela said , " Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world " .
Learning has no end , We spend all of our lives learn from circumstances we face .
Learning not only means to study in schools , universities , etc .
But it means to improve your skills , your talents .
Nowadays , you have a lot of ways to learn and be better in your life and your career .
For example , one of these ways is the Internet .
You can use it to learn any language or take courses in any field from your home during weeks or months as you can , which named self - study .
This can be easy only when you are determined to achieve what you want .
Always remember that , " Education is what remains after one has forgotten what he has learned in school " Albert Einstein said .
This composition is about the famous person from my country .
This humble and famous man is called Kinta Kenneth .
I choose this man because he was a significant player during the slave trade .
He fought for the liberation of slavery in West Africa .
He put the Gambia on the world map .
The Gambia is visited by many tourist because of him .
This has led to many black Americans to visit the Gambia for investment purposes .
Kinta Kenneth was a captured slave from Naima Juffera .
He was captured while hunting with his colleagues in the forest .
This was in 1879 during the slave trade period .
Kunta was captured because he was trying to rescue his friend who was lost in the forest .
He can across the slave master in the mouth of the river Gambia while looking for his friend .
He ran away from them but they later captured him with their dogs .
Kunta was sold to slave master in South America .
He works very had in the sugar plantation for the slave master .
While in capture , he fought the rights of all the black slaves in the campus .
He refused to work more than eight hours a day and he refused to take orders from the slave master .
He was refused with food but he kept going with his strike .
He was later given the opportunity to learn English language .
He attends the same class with other relatives of the slave masters .
He did very well during their exam and was given another opportunity to teach English to other slaves .
He was famous and respectful in the slave Campus .
But was later betrayed by his slave masters .
He organised demonstrations which turned out to abolishment of slavery .
He died during the demonstration .
But his name was written by all western nation newspaper as the brave man .
Because of his efforts that lead to the abolishment of slavery and the freedom for captured slave in the campus .
The Gambia is well known by the adventurers and the tourist .
The history of Kunta Kinta is part of our national history .
The stature of Kinta is situated in the entrance of Banjul .
Kunta was not only a great man in the Gambia but a hero .
Public transport is a public medium to bring people from one place to another .
In this era , there are many types of public transport using by people , for example : bus , train , monorail , light - rail - transit ( LRT ) , taxi , and so on .
Most people using a public transport to go to their workplace and travelling around the city .
Some of the workers choosing to use public transport than their own cars .
This is because they want to avoid the traffic block .
Mostly , they are more preferring to use public transport than the car because it can avoid the traffic block and save time to get into their workplace earlier .
It is also can save the money as the price of the ticket of public transport is cheaper compared to oil cost by using the car .
Through all of these points , it is not faulty to say that is the public transport still available and very useful in our daily life , even there are a lot types of cars , which are more convenient .
so , there will be a future for public transport because of its own benefits or advantages to human society .
It is very friendly transportation where the people from all places , meet in one transport and they can make a relationship between them .
Additionally , the pollution , such as haze , will be decreased because fewer people using the car .
As a conclusion , there is a future for public transport and it also convenient to use it for travelling .
We will not have to worry about where to find a park for the car and we can enjoy the trip .
Dear sir or madam ,
I have seen your advertisement for the job of the USA Summer Camps advertised in the local newspaper on the seventh of June .
I 'm 18 years old and I 'm a final year secondary school student .
I believe I 'm a good candidate for this job because I have passed the FCE examination and in a few months I will be taking CAE exam .
I also speak Spanish and Portuguese due to the fact that I have family in both countries .
I am particularly interested in this job due to the fact that I already worked in summer camps ( In Spain and France ) for two years and I 'm very passionate about being with children . I would be able to organise sports and evening activities too because I have helped in many events at my school .
Unfortunately , I do n't have much experience of working in kitchens , but I think I 'm hardworking enough to pull it out .
With reference to my character , I am very organised , friendly and determined .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully , Laura
From : yo@gmial.com
To : summercamps@bt.com
Subject : Aplication .
Dear Sir Cunningham ,
I am writing to apply for one of the positions of camp monitors you advirtised in the last Monday 's Daily news , I am interested because this post will give me complementary experience .
I am 18 years old , and I am quite selfconfident and a reliable person , I used to take care of my young brother quite often and I handle well with young children .
I have been working in several camps during the last year for this reason I have some relevant experience in this area , in addition I am doing a degree in teaching at the University of London , and during the last quarter I have been in charge of a group of six children in activities related to sports and cooking .
For all the different aspects described before I believe I would be suitable for this post .
If you require any further information do n't hesitate to contact me on 666777555 in the evenings .
I would be very grateful if you would consider my application for this post .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Rafa Pons .
I 'm not a sportsman , I like watching basketball , tennis , football , but my favorite sport is the running .
A lot of people like it , because I think so , it is the cheapest sport .
We need only an amazing runnigshoes , and that 's all , ok ... ,
we need at least 45 minute , per day , or at least 3 times a week .
I love this sport !
For me it is like a meditation . I can think about everything , or nothing .
This is my decision .
It is very good for the circulation , the running helps me to be in good shape .
I do n't want to lost weight , I want to keep it , and I want to eat my favorite dessert , if I want ...
A lot of people say : " I ca n't ... " .
If you have 2 legs , you can !
Buy a good shoes , and first time 5 minutes running is enough !
Do n't run too much and so quickly !
Go every second day , run in your own rhythm , and the next week you can do more ! ... and a day you will run a half marathon , and you will be strong , fresh and so confident , like never before !
I have the pleasure to give this essay to Ms .
Eliot , my special English teacher .
The restaurant I would love to review for the class is one of the most popular restaurants located just near the downtown plaza .
It is called the ' Egyptian Cuisine ' and its name actually represents what it has to offer .
It offers a delicious Egyptian menu which provides enough dishes to cover all tastes , as an example , their delicious fresh eggplant traditional salad .
If there is anything that favors this restaurant , it has to be the quantity they serve ; a surely efficient quantity along the truly special quality leaves this restaurant as one of the best in town , if not in the whole country .
What about the amazing eccentric atmosphere they have to offer ; with a soulful live band and an elegant dining set , their atmosphere adds up to the flavor of their food .
In addition to that , they will be able to offer a connected table that could fit ht whole class , professionally named , the meeting table .
To come to the point .
This restaurant has to be the right choice for two reasons ; firstly it offers a traditional menu which will ensure to cover all different tastes .
Secondly , the lively atmosphere it offers will surely keep the class entertained during the entire dine - in .
At the end of my essay , I would like to devote this paragraph and thank my wonderful teacher for this opportunistic chance to offer my sincere opinion on the topic .
Many thanks and I hope for a wonderful trip regardless of the restaurant voted for .
My first day at ACU came to me as a surprise .
In the very first class , I was asked questions by the teacher .
It was a very different experience to learning in Korea .
It was not only the first class that I had to speak out in class .
Although it was not easy to get used to such teaching style , it did not take long for me to realise what teachers were expecting from us and why they were doing so .
Participation in class by asking and answering to questions demands more active thinking from us .
Nobody would argue the significance and effectiveness of modern technology , having revolutionised all spheres of human lives by providing a great number of remarkable virtues , such as massproduction , information and communication devices as well as medical and scientific breakthroughs .
However , it has also posed some alarming issues , namely environmental destruction , and increasing unemployment and health concerns .
This essay will attempt to analyse both sides of this controversial phenomenon with some applicable supporting ideas .
To begin with , evidently , technological progress has noticeably enhanced individuals'quality of lives , controbuting to the economic growth of numerous nations .
To illustrate , machineries and the use of fertilisers in agriculture have helped to develop massproduction and raise the availability and quantity of various types of food , having made them cheaper and more affordable .
My favourite sport is a Tamil sport known as Kabadi .
I believe many of us do not have a faintest idea about this sport .
At the outset , let me tell you about this sport and how it is played .
It is played in a box drawn on the ground in the size of a volleyball court .
A centre line parts the box and a line is drawn inside each box about 2 feet from the line which ends the box , and this line is called proudly as Ellai kodu(Border Line)in Tamil .
There will be 2 teams and each team consists of 6 players and the players assume the border line as their own border .
This makes the game war - like and very special to Tamils .
Rules of engagement are quite simple .
The first and most important rule is you do not let the opponent player who raids your field(the box)to touch your border(Border Line).The second rule is You do not let the opponent to cross over the ' No men 's land'(The centre line),when the opponent touches the Border of your's .
The opponent must raise a leg when the other one touches the border to tell them " Lo , I am in your territory".If the opponent touches the border , he can retreat to his field , no shame in that , but he do n't get any points .
But before retreating , if he touches anyone among them and leaves their field without getting caught , then The raider gets a point and the person who was touched by the raider is dead(Out ) .
Each team gets opportunity to raid other 's field alternatively , and the first one to raid is decided by the toss of a coin , as usual as in most games .
A number is decided to count the dead ones and which team reaches that number first loses the game to the another .
Rules are pretty simple but the game is quite tough , you'll hurt yourself really bad .
It takes a day to count the scratches on your body after the game .
But that is the reason Tamils enjoy the game and they cherish it .
Why on earth do they love slits , scratches and scars!Are they sick ?
One can wonder , but we can find the reason in their Sangam Literature , written circa 300 BCE .
It says the bravery of men is reckoned by the number of scars on his body except on his back , because they thought to be dead in the field is far better than retreating .
There are accounts to say about a woman who cut her breast because she found her son 's body pierced by a long narrow spear - like weapon in his back rather in the chest .
So I like this game because it reflects the Tamil culture 's important value which is giving high rank to bravery .
I love to play the game with my friends in my village , a very refreshing game , I would say .
no exams or wedding or the first day of school ,
one of my most ecxiting day of my life was the 23rd august 2014 .
it can be very strange but i was very exited , because ,
on this date the BBC released the new series of Doctor who ...
It is a popular English science fiction and it tales about the adventures of the " Doctor " .
the Doctor is an alien from the planet Gallifrey and he travels in all of time and space with his companions that are normally humans . in his experiences he saved whole planets to other bad aliens .
I think Doctor Who is totally different from other science fiction films , it always has done the unthinkable , the impossible , things that no one else has even dreamed of .
Doctor 's travelsmachine is a Policebox ... it is small and blue outside , but it is bigger on the inside .
I like Doctor Who very much . I always dream to travel everywhere in time and space since I was a little child ! ! !
! if,(one day)I will have the possibilty to do it I will go to distant galaxies and I will see how the universe began .
in my opinion this serie was wonderful and , i hope for the next one !
Hi chi Tình ,
Please be informed that all purchase requests which have been placed since early 2015 have not been approved to process by the Managers .
The 2014 expenditure for collections is taking out the library budget in 2015 .
Besides , the library budget in 2015 is reduced .
For the rest of 2015 , the library will not be purchasing any collection from its budget .
Any urgent book requests are to be raised directly with your Head of Center .
We recommend you to consider the electronic content available through these library subject guides
If you have any concern related to the library budget and the approval of purchase requests , please contact Ms. Clare O'Riley , Senior Library Manager .
My apology for any frustration you may have .
Thank you very much for your understanding .
Regards ,
Chau
Emily knew she would have to come to a decision soon .
The Headmaster had asked his school 's teachers to begin a class in English and she was one of them .
The big question was if she would have been able to engage herself in this new activity .
She was trying to improve her English skills since September by taking an English course , but she had felt herself still unready to keep a whole math topic using this language with the Clil method , because she was placed to the B2 level in reading and listening while in speaking and writing the level she had joined doing a specific test was only the B1 .
After thinking a lot about the positives and negatives aspects of this question , refers also to the quality of hers teaching methods and the time she had to spend preparing the math topics in English , Emily decided to accept the challenge and to engage herself in this new adventure .
When I think about The Home of the Future , I can see a lot of new things that could simplify my daily life .
I think that people will live more ecologically .
In The Home of the Future everybody will segregate waste and take care of environment .
People will have the device that extinguish the light when we leave the room .
We will have furniture that do not stain .
We also discover flowers that irrigate themselves and machine that walk a dog or wash them when we do not have enough time to do this .
We will all have vacuum cleaners that will dust everything without our knowledge .
Kitchen will be different too .
We will have equipment that will prepare meals for us with only one pressing a button .
Then we wo n't dream about great , Italian spaghetti because our stove will do it better than every Italian cook .
That is the kind of house that I want to resident in twenty years .
The answer on this question depends on the fact in which place you live .
If the place of your happy living is relatively large city , you will say indeed : " We obviously need public transport ! Everyone knows what happens on the streets in rush time ?
You can get stuck in traffic jam for hours ! " .
It seems that if people did not move yourself only in their beautiful cars and take a bus or metro , the air would be clearer , the city would become less noisily etc .
On the other hand , if you live in a small town or village , your answer is : " Of course , I prefer my own car or bicycle to public transport , if I do n't go far away .
I have more ideas where to travel by car , as public transport 's routes are "
On your attitude to public transportation highly affects the quality of public transport itself .
I mean a timetable punktuality , time interval to tne next bus and so on .
At last , how big the crowd are in the bus or subway car in rush time , how convenient for yourself to be there , rather than sitting in your own air - conditioned and perfect looking car .
That is all I would like to say at this point .
" Resolution number one : Obviously will lose twenty pounds . Number two : Always put last night 's panties in the laundry basket .
Equally important , will find sensible boyfriend to go out with and not continue to form romantic attachments to any of the following : alcoholics , workaholics , commitment phobic 's , peeping toms , megalomaniacs , emotional fuckwits or perverts .
And especially will not fantasize about a particular person who embodies all these things "
- Helen Fielding , Bridget Jones 's Diary
I was always fascinated by this American tradition to make a resolution list .
It was something new to me and that 's why attracted me so much .
The idea of writing a blog triggeredmy mind as well .
The first step to it was my diary after visiting Sochi with my friend in 2000 .
I had a copybook where I wrote some interesting facts about that remarkable trip for me .
Since then I have been dreaming about collecting my impressions and memories .
As my sister constantly says You 're lucky because you have a memory of a goldfish You remember absolutely nothing .
It took me much to admit this again fact .
In contrast to my sister ( she has an extraordinary memory ) I forget everything easily and keep looking for new emotions and adventures .
A year ago an idea of beginning a blog encountered me as advice from an English teacher .
He recommended me to write in order to apply my English knowledge .
Well … .
Maybe it 's really time to make a resolution and do begin writing it .
I 'm going to kill two birds with one stone - my blog will help me to collect my memories and master my English The third bird will be my hatred to writing .
I hate writing since school .
It was a family tragedy when I got a task to write a composition for my literature class .
Such tasks made my family busy for an evening and anyway I always had a poor mark .
So my dear blog ( I heard it 's the way I have to interact with it ) You will be about nothing .
good
She : I decided my blog will be about nothing .
Just a blog ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
He : lol I think I will win :P you wo n't be able to write about nothing for very long :)
She : sure .
I have so much nothing in my head to write about
Let 's get started !
To ,
Manager
Date : November 6 , 2015
Dear Sir / Madam ,
With humbly and respectfully , I would like to inform you and your organization that I am the appropriate candidate to you .
I have recently finished my undergraduate program .
Which is in sport management and also have experience of kitchen work .
I have complete 6 months vocational cookery course .
I do part - time job at school hostel as a teacher .
I am 24 years old young male , love to do challenging task .
I am the best candidate for your job to execute high result of excellence .
If there are any possible options then please give it to me .
It will be my great pleasure to bond with you and your organization .
If you could give me a chance to working with you and your organization , it will be a great pleasure for me .
looking forward to hear from you .
Sincerely ,
Pradip Anand Khatri
The future .
No one can tell how it will be like .
The cosmic era , communications , easy access to the Internet - all of these things will become common in the distant future .
According to these changes people will change , their way of life will as well .
For example , the spread of IT technologies will change economics and the financial system .
People will start purchasing all the items from the Internet .
New methods of transportation may speed up the delivery to the purchaser home and , as a result , it will improve the quality of service .
The new communication networks will transform the whole world into the big village where everyone will be able to make contact any person .
The development of the space technologies and companies connected to construction of the spacecraft may give a start to space tourism .
The Earth orbit , the Moon , maybe Mars - all will be much closer to mankind and there will be another great leap for it .
I hope I will see such future .
I hope it will be real for me to see how humans will land on Mars , how this will become popular .
I believe that the public transport does n't have future because travelling by car is so much more convenient and comfortable .
When you travel in your own car you do n't have to wait a specific time and you can go somewhere but when you travel in public transport you must wait to the time when the public transport could catch you .
I think that is the main problem , but you can also change where you are going to .
In public transport you must go to the points in the route .
The seats are more comfortable in a car than in a bus or underground .
That 's why I prefer Travelling by car instead of public transport .
My dear John ,
I am very glad to read this good news , it is the first step for the final result and I will try to do my best to give you useful information for your interview .
But before that , it is important that you have a general idea about my company ; its business and goals .
It opened more than twenty years ago and still now is the leader of chimical sector .
Remember this is fundamental for each interview .
The day of the event dress not to formal but also not to informal .
Try to be spontaneus and not too much sliced .
Also , it is nice to see polite and smile person .
Do not talk too much is a sympton of anxiety .
The first part of the interview is mainly about your private life and study .
Maybe you can receive some general information about your last job .
Do n't worry about people who will interviews you .
I worked in that staff more than ten years ago ( new employees recruiments ) and I can guarantee that for the first interview it is important only to receive a good impression .
If you 'll do it ( and I 'm sure you will give it ) you 'll receive another appointment .
I hope to have said everything .
When you come here send me a text .
It will a great pleasure to have a coffee together .
Good luck for the future .
Recently I have seen " Prisoners " , a great thriller .
This film is about a kidnapping of two little girls .
Everyone in the village try to find the children .
The main character is the father of one of the children .
The man is really frightened and this situation gets him more and more desperate and he can not control his reactions .
I enjoyed this film a lot because it attracts your attention all the time .
In my opinion it is so really exciting because you are constantly thinking where the girls are or who can be the kidnaper .
I would recommend " Prisoners " to the student film club because it has the features that you want .
I believe that if you are looking for an interesting thriller , this thriller is the correct one .
However , there is a problem and it is that the film shows much violence and it should not be seen by children , only by teenagers or older people .
At any case , in my opinion it is a great film which many people would enjoy if they see it .
We have always been trying to find our origins .
We want to know and understand what is happening nowadays and , for this reason , it is important to know what happened before .
As the way I see it , to find the origin of languages can be similar to know our own family tree .
Because that can give us a lot of new information about us that we did n't know .
On the one hand it can be funny to imagine and create the story of how everything happened formerly .
But on the other hand , we can have too much imagination and to be disappointed with the truth .
That always depends on what we were expecting for .
In my opinion , there are so many things we have to discover yet , and much more we left back as we progress .
Consequently , it will be a constantly research on the field of our origins .
My favourite sport is not a sport as you may think of it .
Most people who do sport want to be fit and stay healthy .
Sport is connected with moving a lot in any case .
My favourite sport is different .
Well , it keeps my fit , but not my body in the first case , it 's good for my brain .
I play Skat .
Skat is an old German card game .
You play it with 32 cards and you need 3 or 4 people who are able to play it .
I enjoy playing it so much because it 's really challenging .
Every game is different .
There are so many opportunities which card to lay and which colour is trump .
Secondly , the people you play with are very different too .
I know a builder who plays very well and a professor who - mh - so to speak - still needs some more practice .
I also teach childring at the age of 10 or 11 how to play it .
My husband and me play in two clubs .
If you are very good , you can take part in competitions .
There are German championships every year and there is a league , too , where teams of 4 play against each other .
and of course , people play Skat in pubs and win some chops of meat .
I hope you can imagine how much I like my hobby .
I really ca n't understand why chess is considered to be sport and Skat is n't .
It helps me to stay fit and makes me forget all the worries and stress of my work days .
When it comes to helping communities , people hold different attitudes toward whether young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities or not .
Some people think young people spend enough time to help their communities ; however , others disagree with the idea .
Although young people are required to help their communities every week , actually it is still not enough .
It is true that young people are required to help their communities by their schools or companies .
It is also true that these kinds of requirements really work , and many communities are benefited .
Actually , there are many communities still do not receive enough help , or many social issues and events would not be discussed again and again .
Many reasons result in this phenomenon .
The world becomes more and more competitive , young people have to spend much time to cultivate themselves to survive in this society .
Young people are not only have to spend much time to make them be professional in one specific subject , they also have to know a wide range of knowledge .
For example , to be outstanding to enter to the best university , student have to perform well on their curriculum , such as literature and science , they also have to be good at music or doing exercise .
Therefore , they do not have much time to help their communities .
The salaries are not good nowadays .
To survive in the era of inflation of price , young people have to get more than one jobs .
They have to do full time job at day time , and have a part time job at night .
Needless to say , if young people have to take care of their parents or children , they have to make more money .
Still , young people do not have much spare time .
To sum up , the world nowadays makes young people to survive by themselves , and they do spend much time to help others .
The Shakespeare 's path to Russia was rather thorny .
This is not surprising .
While William Shakespeare wrote his plays and made the Thespian art to flourish in England , in Russia was very dim and sinister period of Ivan IV the Terrible 's reign .
So , in Russian print the name of Shakespeare is mentioned first in 1748 .
First translations appear in the end of 18th century , but this is not Shakespeare actually because they are made from German or French and the translators change plots as they want ( and turn them into some tearjerkers as a rule ) .
For example , in one of the " Hamlet " translations the main subject of the play turns out to be the relationship between Hamlet and Ophelia and Ophelia in a meantime appears to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviously to make Hamlet torture 's completely unbearable ) .
It is close to unbelievable , but at first critics and educated people find Shakespeare rude , unpoetic and unpatriotic ( shame on you , blind and narrow - minded people !
Once more into the breach ! ) .
But everything changes quite rapidly then .
The first accurate translation of Hamlet from the original is published in 1828 .
By 1855 only six plays has left non - translated .
It comes to fashion and becomes honorable to translate Shakespeare .
Russian society gradually begins appreciating Shakespeare 's skill in portraying greatness , depth , and complexity of a human being .
" The sun of Russian poetry " , Alexander Pushkin takes his English lessons for the sake of being able to read Shakespeare .
And his drama Boris Godunov is certainly inspired by Macbeth .
In the poetical drama Masquerade by other famous Russian poet Mikhail Lermontov we clearly read Othello 's features .
And these are like nodes on the tree of Shakespeare 's genius .
Since that time Shakespeare has been one of our favorite artists .
We love his simplicity and veracity , we adore his multiplicity and fantasy , we appreciate his straightness and audacity , we prize his delicacy and his funny bone of course !
The surprise of the weekend
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am when he told me that he could n't come over that if we could meet up later how you can understand he made me so angry because I ca n't put up this kind of person who who is in late always .
On Saturday morning I had to working and I had to do all the things as fast as was possible to be in the city centre at the exact time .
The worst part of story was when he told me that he was going to have a lunch with his friends .
I got cold feet I could n't understand what was happening .
I was supposed to we were going to have a lunch together but he was going to come later .
Despite all I tried to calm myself down and I went to the library until laura came to town .
During the afternoon I tried to keep my smile all the time because I did n't fancy going explain what was wrong with me .
Finally yesterday at night , I was studying in my room when the doorbell rang I went to opened the door and outside was , my friend Matus .
This fact took me by surprise .
He wanted to explain to me what was the problem .
At the beginning I did n't want to talk with him but on second thought all people deserve a second chance .
All in all , He apologized and at the end everything is solved
We go on being friends .
Hello , my name is Sebastian and I will talk about Azul Historico , which is a restaurant in Mexico City .
The restaurant location is in the street Isabela Católica number 30 , suburb Centro Historico in Mexico City .
Azul Historico is a different restaurant and is located in a patio of an old building in the zocalo , the type of architecture of the place is colonial and between the tables are some trees , and this trees covers the diners when they are eating .
When you are eating you can look some birds who are in the trees , so it make unusual and different this restaurant than others .
The service are good , the waiters serve excellent , the food is delicious , but some periods of the year the place is full of people and you need a reserve or wait a long time for a table .
The cost of the restaurant dishes is expensive and the cost is around 150 - 300 pesos .
It is so difficult to choose three best dishes of the place but these three are some of the best typical food of Mexico : the " Cochinita Pibil " , " Chichilo Negro " and " Carne Enchipoclada " .
" Carne Enchipoclada " you need to choose the meat ( pork tenderloin , beef steak or deer meat ) and it is accompanied by a sauce of chile chipotle with potatoes cambray . "
Chichilo Negro " is a dish and you need to choose some of the three type of meat that I said , but this are accompanied by a combination of 7 different types of moles originating of oaxaca and the last dish is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
If you want a different and unique restaurant you need to go Azul Historico , because it has a delicious food , some times have a regional music and the service are excellent .
If we consider the potentiality of this means of communication , the television would be one of the most important invention of this last century .
On the other hand , despite the numerous documentaries , news and cultural programs which are passed on every day , another fact that must be considered is the incredible amount of the so - called rubbish TV , which has been impacting badly on the younger generation , and the extreme violence of some movies transmitted even during times that should be considered as a protected band for children .
Furthermore I should probably mention the enormous amount of advertisements that every single day people are forced to watch once they have switched on this box .
In my opinion , the real problem of this potentially useful tool is due to the fact that television is essentially a passive means of communication .
As a matter of fact televiewers are not able to decide the palimpsest , but they still can decide to switch the television off .
Over the past years , humans have renewed and improved scientific progress and this causes a big change in the life of every day .
First , technology has radically changed the daily life of a simple family : computer seems to be necessary and in every house there is more TV than one .
Conversely , with the latest medical discoveries , doctors are able to treat many of the world 's diseases .
Finally , with the exploitation of new renewable energy , humans have an infinite source of energy .
Well , there are a lot of different opinions but I 'm not agree that the effects of scientific progress may be dangerous for the individual .
Dear J.T.Reevs
I am writing to apply for the position of floor manager in your large department store .
As you can see in my Cv that I enclose in the letter , I have studied International trade degree and a degree in Economics and Marketing with high qualifications in the London Economics School during four years .
I did a Master in Business Management in the prestigious University of Harvard .
Also I have a degree in IT for the Google University , I did that course online .
I have been working in Harrod 's during five years as a shopper assistant and now I am working in the Apple Store of Covent Garden as floor manager , I am in charge of 15 employees .
I am searching the chance to working your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and your company won last year the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " and I want to share my knowlegdge and my work experience to improve your profit every year .
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Yours sincerely .
Iñigo .
Nowadays there are a lot of different forms of conditioning that deeply influence people so that they feel the need to buy specific brands of items , object , cars and so on .
For example , every day we are invaded by facts form news on TV but it very often happens that some information are left in the background whereas less important information are spread in their place .
Similarly , on TV , during the shows , between a programme and the other we are bombed by the same ads all the time .
For this reason , I think that every day we are continuously surrounded by with information , news , advertising so that we do n't have enough time to think what is really important and what we really need in our life and we can all be influenced very easily .
To whom may it concern ,
I am writing to you regarding your advertisement for a job in the USA , called USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I would like to apply for this position due to my experience in this field .
I am a 25 years old girl and I have been working in summer camps in my country during the summer times .
My main tasks were : taking care of children aged 10 - 15 , organising events such as parties , swimming competitions , outside sports matches etc . , and overall I was in charge of preparing and cooking meals for more than 50 people .
Currently I am very interested in working in the States in order to improve my English level .
In march of 2014 I got my First Certificated English Level and I would be delighted to up my level and get the Advance Level and this chance to join your company would be a great opportunity to improve my English .
For all these reasons I am the most suitable candidate for this post and my experience is proof of it .
Please , do n't hesitate to contact me if you enquire any further information .
Yours sincerely .
Gloria Caraballo
The film I would like to review is an old film I 've always enjoyed : Young Frankenstein directed by Mel Brooks in 1974 .
This comedy , entirely shot in black and white , is a parody of the classical horror films , in particular it 's a parody of those films based on the Mary Shelley 's better - known book , and presents a lot of elements that gives this film a really hilarious mark .
The performance of Gene Wilder , as the main character Dr Frankenstein , Marty Feldman , as the hunchbacked assistant Igor ( pronounced eye - gore ) , and the other members of the cast is amazing and has made Young Frankenstein one of the top comedy of all time .
Dear Sirs / Madams
I am writing because I would like to achieve the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) .
I tried three times to pass this exam but I failed .
Do you run a course which prepared for this difficult exam for me ?
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
There are many different types of music in the world today .
Why do we need music ?
Is the traditional music of a country more important than the International music that is heard everywhere nowadays ?
Music is a special world .
It has it 's own rules , tools and the people who are specialized in it .
Over decades music is the eternally art which develop day by day .
We need music in most of our times or even every single day , to enrich our days with happiness and joy , and also to melt away sorrows or depression , that can affect us and prevent ourselves from doing the best .
Music is a science ! yes it is .
Which has many branches and types , those are traditional : owned by any part of the world , and the other international types that all people over the world are share it .
The traditional or local music of a certain area has it 's thumb print on the person of that part .
And the instruments used in that local music may vary from sort to another .
Because the people tend to make it from their own basic culture .
For example , In Northern Sudan people have been used " Tambor " as a traditional spiritual tool for their songs .
Internationally , the kinds of music are many , however , most of them share the same instruments .
In particular the Piano is a universal tool that is used by many musicians as a primary controller of the rhythm of the Orchestra .
Last and not the least , music is a sort of treatment to those who are suffering , so regardless of it 's type or nationality it 's a kind of medicine to the soul .
And I enjoy it very much .
The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods as the inquisition , the knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social statements such as the Catholic Church and monarchies since the knowledge through books had become a threat to continue underpinning their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violate their thought in order to transcribe them .
Although , some ideas were maintained ; ( for instance , the astronomy by Galileo Galilei ) the book - burning caused a delay in the knowledge because if books were burned , the knowledge could not circulate .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution was created with the invention of the printing mobile types by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) due to it element gave access to the knowledge recovering significant books from Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and social issues that spread their ideas to more people becoming aware of the power of the written word , creating social revolutions such as the French and American ones .
In addition , it was produced the collective readings through the ecclesiastical method with the purpose of disseminating the knowledge embodied in the books to all social classes .
On the other hand , at present , people identify another knowledge revolution , the internet in which the access to the knowledge is easier and faster leaving aside books .
From the above , as far as I am concerned , when Franklin Rosemont argues that " books can not be killed by fire .
People die , but books never die " it depends on the historical time and the technical revolution of this time taking into account that that knowledge uprising is always accompanied by a technical revolution which supports the entrance of the information ; for instance , in the inquisition , the knowledge was limited because it was embodied in books .
Although there was an oral tradition , the knowledge was accommodated to the political and religious thought of the speaker ; so , the most efficient and objective way to transmit the knowledge was by books and it was not possible because of the burning .
Nonetheless , with the invention of the printing type mobile , the knowledge was different for the access to it .
If one book was burned , there were ten books more without restriction .
In contrast , nowadays , the books are not necessary at all ; because of the internet network facilitate even more the knowledge .
That is why ; I could accommodate the phrase by Franklin saying that " the knowledge can not be killed by people because the knowledge is infinite . "
On actual days what we most need is to find ways to prevent childhood obesity because nowadays is a very common sickness that attack more and more children everyday causing them feel bad about themselves .
According to the CDC the percentage of children age 6 to 11 years old has increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 years on the Unitated States .
This means that in the past tree decades obesity has more than doubled in children , same that had diseases just like diabetes , ashtma , cardiovascular risk factors , mental health disorders and muskuloskeletal problems .
This disease is not just about all the physical and health consequences that have , but also the mental ones .
A lot of kids grow with a different way to think just because the damage that the little ones can cause , one example can be the famous " bullying " , the principal way that kids use to annoy the ones that looks different .
The best way we can prevent childhood obesity is recommending all the families some different doctor that can help them to give a safe life to their children .
Nutritionist are specialists that know a lot about all the types of sickness that can attack on the kids and even the ones that will murder them .
Giving them the opportunity to take care about your situation will change all your life in a good way .
They might be there for you , preparing menus and a big extension of exercises that will help you and change your health and body only if you cooperate .
Nowadays a part of the people buy a lot of things that they do n't need .
In this essay we are talking about above all with rich people .
So money , today , are really important in our life and in this case rich people are very lucky .
They have much money to buy things that they need , and things that they do n't need .
So it seems that these people can live happily and peacefully , without problems , but this is not true .
In fact above all about rich families the children are in trouble with their family , above all when they have their parents separated .
Also most of the children grow up spoiled because of the large amount of money of their family , and they grow up with the thing that they want more and more things .
But in the other side there are poor people that aspire to become rich .
And these people do n't have money for things that they do n't need and also for things that they need .
So in this case the money are more important than other things .
So in my opinion today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider more to feel good with your family and with yourself .
Dear director :
I would like to work for you in the USA summer camp .
I have little cousins and sisters so I 'm very good with kids , I 've experienced all kinds of situtions so I think they wo n't be a problema for me .
About the cooking , I attend an all - girls school and I have cooking lessons once a week .
I also like to bake cookies and sometimes , my mom asks me to take care of dinner .
As I said before , I have young cousins and we meet on saturdays so I need to think of activities and games to keep them entretained .
I 'm also very good at sports , I practice trak & field and pingo pong so sports are n't a problem either .
I 'm an outdoors person so I will be very happy with the accomodation . I would be very thankful to work for you if you decide to accept my application .
I hope you have a great day ,
Margot
Dear Mrs Sykes ,
I have seen your advertisement on the internet and I would like to apply for the post as activity coordinator .
I am 16 years of age and due to having a sister I really like working with children and also know their interest well . I have enjoyed and practised swimming since I was eight years old and I have also won some competition , therefore I believe that I am suitable for the job .
Furthermore I go jogging every Sunday morning with some friends .
My reason for applying for this position is that I am good on combining my experience in swimming with my wide knowledge of the countryside which I think it will be interesting for the children .
Yours Sincerely
Federica Chiu
I think that 50 years ago people could n't even imagine what the life would be like in our time .
Today , human civilisation is changing at a higher speed than any time in the past .
If this will also be the case for out future , then I think that today we underestimate our future .
I am sure only about one thing : technologies will have a more important place in our lives .
Maybe in 50 years people wo n't work as we do now , instead will build only robots .
Maybe in 50 years we will find out how our brain works and we will be able to create an artificial intelligence system that would solve all our problems .
I would like to think that in the future we will explore more the universe and we will colonise other planets .
Maybe by doing this we would be able to find other civilisations and exchange technologies with them .
I 'd like to think that we will find a method to travel through the universe at the higher speeds than the speed of light .
I do n't think that people will live forever in 50 years , but I hope that the life of our children will be better than ours .
Hopefully , I have chances to be alive in 50 years , so maybe I will see the future with my own eyes .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
That morning his grandmother went to the hospital because she had to do a surgery and she told him to buy some magazines for her , because at the hospital she 's bored and she could n't get off the bed for a few days .
His mother was working and his dad was out of town and that 's why she asked him to make her that favour and he could n't say no .
So Peter went home to take his wallet but before that he decide to take a nap because he was tired so he started to sleep but it ended up that he slept for over 3 hours and his mother started calling him at the telephone and she was really angry because he forgot to buy the magazines for his grandmother .
So he woke up and looked at his watch and knew that he had to buy them immediately or his mother would be even more angry than before .
He took his wallet and then he ran to buy the magazines and after that he went to the hospital to give them to his granny .
Unfortunately the hospital was already closed to the visitors so he had to wait the next morning .
A FANTASTIC FUTURE
Will transport be different in the future ?
Certainly it will be .
But how ?
If we think about the future , some sketches of famous movies could come to our mind .
For example , we could think about some odd cars that can fly or become invisible .
But I do n't think that in ten or twenty years the scientific progress will be able to produce this type of transport , so we should imagine something simpler .
Actually , in my opinion , in the future there will be faster transport .
In addition , means of transport will be able to produce less pollution .
Even if nowadays people do n't use public transport , in the future they will .
And how will our way of travelling change ?
In the future everyone will be able to go on holiday all around the world since the transport will be faster and cheaper .
To sum up , I think that means of transport in the future will make our life easier , both when we have to go to work or to school and when we want to travel .
Transport will also respect the environment and nature .
Do n't you think that this future is fantastic ?
since decades man preferred to use another way of transporting than his own foot .
In my opinion , that was the main reason for wheel invention .
Scientists could provide in the past years new transportation tools from cycles , automobiles up to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros that has been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation net through the same country , and sometimes exceeded it to another country boarder upon an agreement between those countries .
Many people assured that they are preferring using their own cars , but they were being forced to use the Public transport for many reasons such as , the complexities they are facing with the driver 's license , in addition to the fuel high cost .
They were more likely forced than having choosing it as an option .
Let 's do n't forget the hard times during cold weather changes especially in winter while reaching the bus stations , or their low chances of having a good place to sit , may be another important reason that raise the private transport scores than the public one , which is molestation .
The end
Dear Paul ,
I am writing to tell you about the concert .
Last month , I enjoyed helping at the Rainbow concert .
The aim of this concert was to show that all children are the same .
I was invited to help at a concert by my English teacher .
I did a lot to make this concert better .
My teacher asked me to find some songs about rainbows and extracts from the books about children .
Moreover , I went to Vilnius primary school and invites schoolchildren to come to a concert .
I had to make one hundred invitation cards .
The cards included the programmee of the concert and some photos of children from all the world .
I was really excited about it .
It is a very good and useful experience .
I gained a lot of experience while organizing an event .
Also , I learned that you have to be very enthusiastic and self - confident because finding the sponsors for a concert is quite a difficult task I liked that teacher trusted me .
I did everything by myself because everyone had sometihng to do on their own .
I hope that I will use this experience in my future .
See you soon ,
Rasa
I live in Kiev for two years .
I went many times to different places that I had n't known yet .
And now I can easily speak about many shopping facilities in my city .
So , let 's begin .
To start with , you must decide , what kind of shopping do you prefer and how much money you have .
If you want to go to the cheap shopping , you have to go to the Teremky .
You can find many shops there with second - hand clothes you taste .
There are many good things from Asia , America and Europe , of course .
If you have enough money for Kiev luxury shopping called ' gold shoppping ' , you 'd rather go on Khreshatik street .
You can also find many shops with brand , expensive clothes from well - known world designers .
I like to go shopping there with my best friends at the weekend .
I often buy second - hand old - fashioned jeans , skirts , trousers , jackets and shoes .
I think it is very good for students , if you want to save your money .
In conclusion I have to say , that in Kiev you can find everything , if you really want to .
So , good luck .
Art / Music is less important than science / technology .
In my opinion , technology become more and more important than art which be a necessary part in our life .
Most of people in this world ca n't live without technology .
As soon as we open our eyes every day , we begin to use technology such as alarm , cell phone and light .
The more technology we use the more important it is .
Technology makes us easy to connect our family , friends and co - workers .
We can talk to our family and friends immediately , which is not limited by space .
I can call my dad who live in New York now then call my friend living in Norway after first call .
Therefore , if I studied abroad fifty years ago , I could n't call my family directly and it is also not an easy job .
However , technology made it easier ten years ago and it became more common in recent years .
It ca n't believe that we keep in touch with our family and friends not only voice and message but also video call , now .
Technology is one of important part in our life , which has made life more convenient .
Before computer was born in this world , we used paper to list something which we should afford it could disappear or be ruined by something .
Therefore , we use calculator to count numbers in a few second .
In the old age we calculated number by our brain that might lead to some mistakes .
Our life has transformed into an easy way by technology .
Besides , the grandest invention is Internet .
I sit in front of my computer and I acquire news around the world .
If I am hungry , I could order some delicious foods online .
As a person said ' ' Sitting near a computer , you will get the world . ''
It is easier to contract entertainment which could release our stress immediately .
In modern world , stress always disturb our life .
Pressure exist everywhere ; for instance , your boss was angry and shouted on you or you should carefully deal with the relationship between you and your father - in - law .
When you ca n't breathe in your life you need some entertainment ; for example , you can listened music with your cellphone or watched some funny videos after all things that bothered you .
It lower our blood pressure and release our stress .
Technology enable us to touch entertainment immediately .
Technology has changed our life in many ways which brings many advantages for us such as convenience , easy to connect friends and easier to contract entertainment .
In conclusion , in these three premises I consider that technology and science is important rather than art and music .
Science practical improve our life .
Have you read any sport magazine before ?
There are a lot of magazines in many fields of sports .
In magazine , they are telling us we can see a lot of games no matter where we are .
Developed technology , we can see the game which happened in the opposite of the earth .
Time and place are n't matter for people to watch the game .
Everybody has a favorite sport .
Soccer is the one of the famous sport for many people .
World cup has been the world famous festival .
People can enjoy just seeing the soccer game and they are eager to root for their favorite team .
Why the soccer has been one of the best sport in the world ?
Here are 2 reasons .
First of all , soccer is more active than other sports .
Activation makes people exciting and remember their memory .
This activation make us also enjoy seeing and play the game .
For example , American football always has a moment to set the position .
To me , it is boring point when I see the American football .
I can give you another example .
Watching the baseball game also bores me .
Sometimes , game just finished with pitcher and catcher 's catch ball game .
Other athletes just stand there and watch the game just like us .
However , in soccer , every single player touch the ball , even the goalkeeper has a chance to get the ball .
On this point , there is second reason I can say .
Second reason is that soccer involved for all players to participate into the game .
For baseball , if hitter could n't hit the ball , other players would not need to move at all .
To me , that is weird .
Players are on the same ground and some of people are playing the game and some are not .
Playing almost 3 hours , some players could n't touch the ball .
Can we say these players participating in the game ?
I would not rather say yes .
If somebody wanted to play a soccer , I would recommend that he or she has to have a stretching because soccer is very active sport so always has a possibility to be injured .
Also , I will say you should wear the soccer shoes and socks .
Those items will help you not to be injured .
Drinking enough water would be good habit to enjoy not only soccer but also any other sport .
Nowadays , many people have their own favorite sports but people are starting to ignore other sports except their favorite sport .
We need to respect other sports and other people 's perspectives .
Soccer could be one of the boring sport to other people .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her , because it was her 18th birthday .
She knew that her parents were doing a surprise for her , but it was kept in a big secret until night party .
When she came back from school , her parents and all her classmates were hiding in a living room and waiting for her .
When she opened the door , the boys set off the fireworks .
Anna did n't understood what had just happened .
She looked around the living room , and surprised , how many was people there .
Then she thanked her parents , and started to enjoy the party .
Her parents had organised many contests , musical and karaoke .
There were many sweets , cocktails , fruits .
Anna was happy !
Then she and her friends went out , and walked through all the town until early morning .
Anna was very happy and excited and thanked her parents heartily for this birthday party .
She slept all the day after this big celebration .
Her parents looked at her , and they were happy after her .
Their girl has grown up !
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very pleased with your letter . I 'm going to try to give you some advice .
In the Czech republic there are many places you should visit .
The Czech republic is wealth for a history .
For example , ours capital city Prague there are many historical buildings like Carl 's bridge , Cathedral of St. Vit , big clock called Orloj and so many others .
In Prague is many good shops with clothes , souvenirs and many good things to buy .
If you prefer to go to nature I can recommend you ours mountains Krkonoše , Jeseníky or Šumava .
There is very beautiful nature , calm and fresh air .
You can go there only for a walk or for some sports like running or cycling .
If you go to south Morava , you should definitely try some vines or drink called Slivovice .
Here is also many nice castles .
For example , near Prague is castle called Karlštejn where lived Karel IV . or castle called Buchlovice which is on south - east of your country near the city Uherské Hradiště .
These are very nice castles .
Otherwise , the opportunities for a job here is quite a lot .
It depends what job you would like to do .
I do n't know what to write more .
If you would like to ask something or get to know more information about some place just let me know .
Best regards ,
Pavel
Dear Mr Smith .
I am Melina and I am interested in your job vacancy .
To begin , I would like to say that I love children .
In my opinion , we should build a perfect world for them to grow up in a safe and environmentally friendly place .
I have experience taking care of children .
I am the eldest of my family so I had to take care of my sisters and cousins .
I enrolled on different courses about children development and currently I am working as an au pair where I have to speak English .
I participated in sports clubs of my High School .
Although I am very keen on rugby and basketball , during the University I took part in the badminton club .
And I just learnt how to play ice hockey .
As I have said before , I have to watch out two kids , which includes cook .
Despite cook is my weakness , I always try my best .
I cook every day different and healthy dishes for the whole family and they love it .
Will I have to cook my own recipes ?
English will not be a problem because I know how to communicate with young people .
Awaiting your news .
Melina .
my favourite sports are gymnastics and martial arts .
i 've been practicing martial arts for eleven years but i havent lost the passion I feel about it .
the first martial art that I proved was tae kwon doo and I practice for 5 years , after that i started kung fu and i m still there .
i have been practicing gymnastics during 4 months and fascinated with it , i like to be tired for doing stunts , and I also feel very healthy because I exercise daily , if its not gymnastics it 's kung fu .
I like those sports because you need much strength and dedication to be getting better , I like kung fu weapons and handsfree forms , to do something spectacular in kung fu you have to do acrobatic gymnastics .
I invited my friends to try these sports and apparently they liked , many did not because they did not know well what it was but after living it for yourself you realize that are very beautiful sports .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I tried to renew my membership twice yesterday and there was a message of error both times .
So I gave up to try it again today .
I received a call from my credit card administration this morning to confirm and authorize that payment , telling me that there were two attempts of charging my credit card bill .
After authorizing my credit card administration , I tried to renew it , but again there was the same message of error .
So , I did n't try it again , because I think that there must have been a problem not related to my credit card account .
I am waiting for some instruction about what I have to do now to renew my membership .
Best regards ,
Amauri Tijerina Luna
Owing a pet is popular today even if their home is in a big city .
Many people oday have pets of all kinds .
Owing a pet would benefit all members of family .
First of all , a pet is a friend for the family and mush better is a memeber of the family .
One more advantage of qning a pet is that it helps children learn to be responsible and carring .
It is also good to adopt an animal which it do n't have a home and food and give in this love and affection .
On the other hand there are a lot of disadvantages of owing a pet in big citiew .
Pets and animals in general need fresh air and exercize outside and not being always in an apartment .
I have heard abou pets that they get sick by living in a small apartment in down town and that is terrible .
In my opinion it might seems good to have a pet if we are teke care of it .
All in all , qing a pet in a big city must be done carefully ensuring all that a pet needs .
Television can be able to both entertain and educate at the same time .
Good authors I think have to be able to find the way to keep together these to important aspects .
The first thing that I would suggest TV authors is focusing a set of strategic topics for an advanced society .
Environmental protection for instance , or more practically the correct use of the water in our houses .
Another example can be represented by the first aid activities and so on .
The topics can be easily focused if we have in mind a model of society where individuals have a central role .
Several contents could have an educative value , for example those concerning our relationships with others , or our relationship with nature and with different cultures and religions .
All these topics by using creativity and new technologies can be faced in a way to make them soft and adapt to entertain .
Today , I would like to tell you a shocking news .
It is called " 76 people are confirmed dead in Colombian plane crash " .
I think some of you have already known this news .
Here are some basic informations about the news .
A charter plane carrying 72 passengers , including players from Brazilian soccer team Chapecoense , crashed near Rionegro , Colombia , according to the country 's civil aviation department .
Nine crew members were also on board .
The civil aviation agency had initially announced that six passengers , three players , two crew members , and one journalist , survived the crash .
I think it is a catastrophe to victims and their families .
Recently , more and more airplane accidents occur .
Although I have never taking airplane , I would feel worry if I travel by plane .
To avoid accidents , government and airline companies have to do something to prevent tragedy .
For example , regularly examine the situation of airplanes is needed , at the same time , teaching people how to act when facing the emergency .
Thank you for your attention .
Grammar is the most difficult part in learning English .
There are few ways that help us master it .
First of all , you need to preview .If you do this and you 'll have a clear idea about what are you going to learn in class .
It'll make you learn faster .
Next , when you are in a class , focus on what the teacher says , she / he will teach you and give you a clearer understanding about grammar .
And they will also remind you some key points you do n't understand when you preview it .
In the class , you should take notes and write down what is Iimportant .If you have any question then you should ask teachers to help .
They'll be glad to help .
At last , when you learn some grammar concepts are new to you , you need to practice .It'll help you remember it and how to use it .
If you do all the things above , I promise your grammar will improve and you 'll master it eventually .
I visit Spaniards Arm quite often .
Usually I am there with my friends or colleagues for a dinner or a lunch .
Next to Hamstead Heath , this historic Inn is full of character .
The menu is more than one would expect from a pub or even a gastro - pub .
I like the variety of the main course selection and drinks .
I opted for a steak there once .
Surprisingly , they serve it with a half cut bone which is quite fun by itself , even before you taste the dish . Mashed potato is creamy and full of butter .
Meat is perfectly prepared , whether you ordered it bloody or well done .
Try one of the cloudy ciders on the tap and you will not be disappointed !
Taking care of our environment is considered for many of us one of the most important things in our lives .
Nowadays , in order to have the best for the actual and following generations , there are international common ways for individuals to contribute to solving environmental problems .
Recycling is both a popular and an undervalued method .
Everybody knows what separate rubbish into different bins means but , big part of the society believes that it is not worth doing it if there are people that does not recycle .
I would answer to them that , then , how do they explain all the sheets of paper , crystal and plastic items that have been made of recycled materials allowing us to save tons of primal resources ?
Saving energy is the other grand method available to everyone .
Using its respective light bulbs , household appliances and any other thing that saves energy is the only way that individuals can help but , it is not effective .
Although an entire town or city contributes to saving energy in their homes , it can not be compared with the waste of energy that industries make .
In this case , restrictions should be implemented by the government .
Taking everything into consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recycle , which is the following one : The biggest waste of energy take part in primal resources industries , if we reuse all the materials that had already been exploited , we would reduce at least half of its costs .
The chilis restaurant at 123 street , Toronto is really a great place to hang out .
The Scrumptious food served makes me go back there often . if you want to have a lip smacking dessert this is the ultimate place .
Everyone will love the appetizers and main courses served there .
The spice levels are suitable for everyone .
Moreover the ambience of the restaurant is marvelous .
If you want to have a quiet cozy dinner you can sit at the table in the corner .
Whereas if you are going in there to party with friends or watch a game you get a table at suitable place . I believe that if we all could go to this restaurant at the end of our course , we will surely have a great time .
Today , recycling used clothes are popular in Japan .
For several years , a secondhand clothing store increase and a lot of people use it .
Japanese people take interest in used clothes .
There is involved with a recycling spirits in Edo period .
In Edo period , there was the society that was called " super recycling - oriented society " .
Almost products and materials were recycled and changed new products .
People did this without special efforts .
It was done very natural in their lives .
There were many specialists to repair , recycle and collect products in Edo .
Used clothes were sold by " gyosyo " , that means peddler .
In 1723 , there are 1182 secondhand clothing stores .
It was just the number of union members so in fact , there more secondhand clothing stores in Edo .
The key point why expanded used clothes industry is " kimono " .
Kimono has very simple structure .
It can be made from used clothes to patch and darn .
Another point is that , the cloth was more valuable than now .
So people set a high value on the cloth .
According to these reasons , used clothes spirits took hold in japan .
After that , western clothes became popular in Japan , the recycling system was forgot for a long time .
However , secondhand clothing stores are increasing recent years .
There are many secondhand clothing stores now .
Japanese people have the spirits of recycling and loving old things still now .
Media or also known as mass media is one of the most powerful means of spreading information .
It gives people the opportunity to get to know what happens all around the world in each matter such as poverty , occupation , discrimination , suppression of human rights and so on .
Nowadays we can easily get information which we need through the Internet , in the newspapers , on the TV .
As European citizens we are bounded directly or indirectly with the loads of social problems and issues in Europe so we have to acquire our right of free access to information privately and randomly in order to stop corruption , to acquire knowledge about our rights .
So that we can be active citizens and help the EU continuing developing
Many years ago I used to go to the cinema every Sunday afternoon .
It was the best way to spend my free time with friends .
I never mind what kind of film I could see .
Only the place was important .
Nevertheless Today I usually go to the cinema when I really want to watch a particular film .
My likes about films have changed too .
When I was younger I would rather watch romantic films . I used to cry when the handsome boy kissed that pretty girl , or I was waiting for the special moment to say good bye to the bad ones .
Nowadays I try to choose films with good actors or actresses , special scrips and plots , documentary stories or special renowned Director 's films like Almodovar , Sanchez Arévalo o Alex de la Iglesia .
On the one hand Comedies are my favourites ones because I have to laugh when I have finished my work .
But on the other hand I have to get used to go to the cinema as often as I can , but I wish cinema will be cheap .
it 's a pity
I strongly agree with a statement that shopping is not always an enjoyable thing .
First , there are often a lot of people in bigger shops .
There comes no surprise that it is totally difficult to find a necessary thing with a good price in a defined time through a crowd .
Once I remember myself hanging around in the shopping mall Akropolis in order to buy shoes in two hours . I did not managed to get particular one , because of size , which some shops suddenly could not suggest as well as the quality of others did not seem to be valuable for fixed prices .
So , I did not buy new shoes that day , despite thatI was happy for getting rid of crowd and shops .
Second , shopping malls have full places of advertisements and loud songs playing .
There is no surprise that a person visits a big shopping mall after his long working day .
He is tired and because of winter he wears a warm coat .
What does it happen ?
He hears different kind of songs , advertisements for sales and this confused person starts buying things which are not useful to him in reality .
The problem goes after the problem and a person starts to feel sick .
Also , It is a well - known fact , that it is totally hot to be with coat in a shopping mall in winter season .
The problem is that a person has to carry his coat in a hand near his other purchases , what is not so easy .
Finally , not every assistant is able to advise you appropriate .
There are some assistants who if you ask or even do not ask , they start suggesting the best their products as well as the most expensive ones to you .
This can make your shopping really annoying , because some type of people need to check by themselves in order to evaluate the quality of product .
To sum up , shopping is not always an enjoyable thing , because it takes time , it is often full of people and a person can be annoyed quickly by incompetent assistants , who eager to help you by suggesting the most expensive products .
So , shopping does not always provide good feelings .
Hi jennie ,
I 'm glad you moved , I haven't got round to finding time to share with you .
I 'm afraid I ca n't go running in the mornings I 'm very busy at work .
There are plenty of clubs in the town .
If I were you I would pick up the one in the avenue , because of the facilities
it has , such as the swimming pool and the gym as well .
Working out in the gym twice a week is enough as long as you eat healthy and of course you should forget those delicious cakes you use to make !
I 'd love to teach you how to swim and the gym in the avenue is perfect for that .
What about the Saturday mornings ?
I 'm really looking forward to doing it !
I really do hope you get used to the neigborhood .
Talk to you soon ,
Sebastian
The football
The football is the most beautiful sport in the world , it 's the profession dream of almost all the boys when they are kids , when you play in your neighbourhood , you are playing that you 're Messi , or Cristiano Ronaldo or your favourite player of your team .
It 's the funniest sport in the world , kicking the ball , you are kicking the bad energies of your life , you will be infected of passion .
But the passion is not only when you are playing football , you can increment your passion supporting a team in the good times and the bad times , going to the stadium , and when your team reach the glory , you can also feel that , and in this moments you are the happiest person in the world .
So I invite you to join the love and passion when you feel when you are playing or watching a match of football , and if you share this love with another person the passion increases a lot , your feelings are in their higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second you can start to cry because you 're team ca n't finish the way to the championship .
There are lots of interesting sports but there is normally one that you like the most .
In my case is not really a sport in itself , it is a cultural activity which needs a big physical effort .
I am talking about dancing , specifically ballet .
I consider it one of the best sporty and cultural activities because you keep fit at the same time that you express yourself making an art stuff .
For dancing you need some mental and physical skills , but none of them are as hard as people think .
You have to be a disciplined and well - balanced person , that 's it .
Both characteristics will help you in other type of tasks and will improve your future development .
The start is the hardest part considering that your body is not used to do this kind of sport ; however , once you are in it everything becomes easier and you feel healthy and much more active .
So , if you are starting it , do n't give up because of difficulties are coming , just relax and be aware that you and your body require time to adapt to this new activity .
You will notice how the improvements come up without thinking too much .
One of the things that I enjoy the most is that you dance in a group therefore you meet people and you can make a friendship after a while .
You must not be in your own , otherwise you could not dance in a company , so that you share your passion with people that feel the same and that , make a strong relationship forever .
I encourage everyone to try it , I am sure you will become a better person .
I did not find it hard at all , as a matter of fact , it was easier than I thought .
1 . I guessed I had more fluency at writing , which suggests how well I 've improved .
2 . I did n't get stuck often at thinking in which word I should use , which gave me enough time to finish .
3 . I wrote the enough quantity of words required .
4 . Everything was kept neatly .
Anything was found difficult nor struggling .
I did my best and I succeed in getting a 5.0 .
Neverthless , I would like to improve some skills and although I did very well , I still got confused .
1 . I overthought every so often , because I was not sure if what I was doing was alright .
2 . I should stop thinking in Spanish and more in English since translating might be confusing .
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
Choosing a sport to practise is a complicated thing . You should choose something that you enjoy , but at the same time , something you can afford to pay for .
As a result of that , I have tried many sports in my life .
My favourite is diving .
Although you may think that is a dangerous sport , which can be , the adrenaline rush you feel when you are in the water makes it worth the danger .
If you are going to start practise it , I would recommend you to start taking lessons with an expert instructor .
It is very important to check the equipment first .
If are not used to do it you can make a mistake , and then it is when the sport became dangerous .
After a few lessons you will be able to go diving on yourself and enjoy the sensation of freedom that provides you this sport .
It is like you would be isolated from the world , just you and the ocean .
I have to say that it is one of the most amazing feeling that I have ever felt in my life .
I encourage you to try it .
Without any doubt our life is changed quickly and we do not realise about this .
How will be our life in the future ?
To begin with this , the main change will be the use of renewable resource instead of fossil fuels .
Nowadays , people is aware of environmetal problems and they will try to figure out .
For example , all future houses will use solar cells to produce electricity .
Moreover , there will be important thecnological advances in our life , like as intelligent mobile phones which could help us with day - to - day task .
Not only they will be used to telephone , but we could pay with them .
They will control our empty fridge and if you run out of any vegetables , your mobile phone would warn your supermarket and they would bring it .
However , Robots will not replace humans in the dairy tasks .
So that , we should carry on dust cleaning or washing .
Although , cars will be better than now , they will not fly yet .
The streets will be plenty of cars in the rush hours .
To conclude , it is impossible to argue against the fact that people 's live will change in the next years but , these changes will help to improve our environment and our dairy life .
It is often said , that shopping is a pleasant procedure but sometimes it becomes bothersome .
However , there are situations we do not find enjoyable at all .
I will mention some of the reasons why and when shopping can be unenjoyable .
Firstly , when we do not have enough time in the morning to go shopping , we have to do it in the evening when most people go and buy things they need .
Shopping may cause frustration mainly , when we have to squeeze through the crowd .
Secondly , shopping definitely become unenjoyable when we are not able to find products we want and desire .
On the one hand , overspending money .
Shops use a lot of tricky ways to encourage people to buy more than they need .
Nevertheless , poeople try to save money by every conceivable means .
To conclude , we have to know when and to which shop we should go to avoid stressful and not enjoyable situations .
Probably one of the most discussed topics - global warming , is also most serious issue ; world is facing today .
Researchers have proved that human activities such as industrialization , deforestation etc . can trigger global warming .
In this topic I would be highlighting some of the dangers of climate change and different ways through which government and individual may help to overcome this challenge .
One of the most evident effects of global warming is the depletion of the ice at North & South poles , in turn causing sea level rise and encroachment of land .
These phenomenon caused serious damages to ecosystem and sea life .
Further , continuous rising temperature is impacting weather patterns and leading to natural disasters .
There are scientific evidences , that calamities like Katrina , Hud - Hud can be linked to global warming .
As global warming can have such serious impacts on life on Earth .
It is high time to intervene and take action .
Government can dictate strict norms to control pollution and carbon footprints .
For example , governments can impose limits on emissions by manufacturing plants and force industries to help in forestation .
Individuals can also play their part in controlling global warming .
For example , individuals can reduce use of the plastic materials , use public transport to control emission , recycle waste material etc .
To conclude , global warming is serious concern which can not be ignored any longer .
Government & Individual both have role to play , in facing this biggest challenge of the Time , Earth is facing .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to apply for a job in summer camps .
My name is Stela , I am 36 years old and my English is very good .
I am a very hard working person , organised , calm and friendly person .
I have two kids one is 8 years old and the other one is 10 years old so I have plenty experience with kids .
I believe I have the skills , knowledge and expertise you are looking for . I have worked before for my local community for 6 years while I was looking for my children too .
My task there were vary from working with children of all ages to organise events , sport activities and evening activities . I also helped with cleaning the centre , helping in the kitchen with cooking and working closely with clients and customers in our Café .
I will love to work in a summer camp as I always enjoyed going on camps with friends and family .
This will be a great experience for me to work so close to the countryside .
I look forward to hearing from you and hope you will invite me for an interview .
Yours faithfully ,
Stela Volkov
Michael is an editor in an international student magazine .
He holds a short story competition to improve students ' writing .
He hoped a lot of students could join this activity so he makes a rule which is if you take your friends ' writing you can get 1 dollar per writing .
The message was posted on the website .
While I watched that message , I was excited to find my friends to enter this competition .
I thought no matter who wins the competition , we all must get 1 dollar for prize .
But my friends were not interested in that competition , they thought writing is boring and got 1 dollar is small .
I told them , you can just write no matter what you write .
Finally , they copied my article in this competition .
They only want to get the free dollar , do n't spend time to focus on the writing .
One day Michael entered his company and his employee happily told him , we got many responses .
When he read the content of article , he discovered many of them are similar .
He was sad to go to his office .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had make a mistake .
Academic culture refers to the attitudes , values and that are shown by the people who work or study in universities .
After I joined ACU ( Australian Catholic University ) I have found vast differences in teaching method between Nepal and Australia .
In Nepal students study individually , do not ask questions with the tutor even if they are confused .
Meanwhile , Australian education is based on making students learn new skills .
Students need to have an active participation in discussion with their peers .
Besides , students are able to raise questions with the lecturer because they can express their opinion .
At first I felt difficult , stressed while studying in groups used to hesitate while sharing my ideas , opinion but now I am familiar with the academic culture .
Academic culture is challenge for many students for effective learning .
Peer learning is a small group of three to five students who are kept together to discuss the content and carry out educational activities in mutual engagement .
( Fisher , as cited in Strake , 2010 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a two way learning process in which members of group feel easier to discuss the content .
It helps to know the importance of group work by giving and receiving feedback on particular tasks .
According to Hamp ( 2002 ) , the goal of EAP ( English For Academic Purpose ) course is to teach students relevant study skills they need throughout their degree .
It helps to share the ideas , knowledge , among the students and make them think critically , by using formal language while writing and so on .
In conclusion , the adoption of Australian academic culture has developed strategies for my learning .
I have become an independent learner and started to raise a question , share my opinion to the tutor .
In the future I will enhance learning strategies by working actively in group .
I want to talk about a restaurant called " Bierkeller "
It 's a restaurant located in Villa General Belgrano , Cordoba and the specialization of it is german food .
You have all the kind of german food you can imagine , from sausages with chucrut to Gullash with spatzle .
You have also common meat and basic food if you do n't want to try other types of food .
The restaurant is beautiful , it 's of a normal size , with many space and very well decorated , you have many photos and paints to see .
Most of the paints and photos are from Germany , because that town was occupated by German people many years ago .
It is also quiet , so it will suit perfectly for the class , we do n't talk that much neither make bothering noises .
People at the restaurant are very kind , the treat you in a very polite way and is worth going there
If we go to Bierkeller we wo n't regret and we will have a great time trying different types of food , learning maybe a little bit of the history of the town and be happy as a group
Almost everybody has ever thought of taking a gap year between leaving school and starting university , but we do really know all the advantages and disadvanatges that it entails ?
From one hand , a big part of global population consider this year off a way of learning and experience while you enjoy travelling all around the world and you get to know people from all the different cultures .
Nowadays , employers are looking for experienced people who knows how to adapt to all the different situations you can be involved in , such as an international lecture or a difficult plight .
It is also said that at the hour of heading to college , those people who have taken a year off are the ones who have less difficulties to learn and relacionate with other students because they have had used to it before .
It is a fact that those who spend a year abroad working on something , they can save money for university and they become more independent .
But taking a year off has its downsides as well , like the time people waste working on something they are not going to do in the future , because with any kind of extracurricular studies , people strangely find a good job .
That is why it is recommended to wait until you finish university to look for a job .
Another fact that should be highlighted is that while you are working for a year , people from your age are at university , and that means that they will probably finish their degree a year earlier than you , and this could be an inconvenience for you , because you will have to have a year younger classmates .
The important thing is that you are gaining skills that you can apply for your future career .
Many automobilindustries are working for a new future of automobils .
For many years Apple , Google and several traditional automakers have been running prototypes , which are driving from self and nobody can steer the car .
The question arises if driverless cars will be a boon or bane to us ?
Some people argue that this new idea of cars is a milestone for us and it will bring only positiv effects with it .
First of all self driving cars are good for people who have got a handicap .
At the moment people who has got a handicap can not drive a car on theirself .
This have got a devastating effect for her independence and freely living .
When this people can drive a self driving car the feel more comfortable and the can live more freely .
However , it is also important to remember that people with a handicap have got the same rights and chances as people without a handicap .
Similarly important is the fact that self driving cars are more saftier as no self driving cars .
The rising number in deadly car accidents raise an important question to all of us .
Is car driving really safe ?
Self driving cars are steered by a very modern software and this software is so exactly that the number of accidents will be decline .
In contrast self driving cars are very expensice and much people can not buy it .
Self driving cars are very modern and drive with a very highly technically software .
Rich people can buy it but people of the middle class not .
In the future this can make a highly gap between poor and rich people .
This is the reason why self driving cars can be in the near future only something for rich people .
The automobilindustries have to work on a plan that self driving can be bought by people oft he middle class too .
When this will be going on self driving cars can be an enrichment for our life .
The Reading museum in Berkshere has visitors from all age groups , but particularly suitable for young people who need help for school projects or want to take up creative things as a hobby .
They have a number of workshops for young people from beginner to semi - professional , and most of those are not so expensive .
You can learn various interesting art - works such as painting , photograph , ceramic , from the lifework professionals .
I 've taken ' ceramic course for beginners ' once .
Actually it was fun and I could make a lot of friends .
You ca n't miss the stylish cafe in the museum .
Their lunch menus are gorgeous and the price are reasonable .
You can also enjoy a quiet afternoon in the cafe if you go there around evening .
I really recommend every young people to visit there once when you have time although it might be better to avoid the weekends
to : miss analia
from : candela bergamaschi
subject : the transports of my local area
date : 24th june
introduction :
as requested , i have investigated the features of the main means of transports which are used in my local area .
my findings are presented below .
buses :
buses are the mai transport in my area .
these are very cheap and people who do not have a car use it to move everywhere . however , this transport isnot so comfortable because sometimes you must travel with lots of people .
cars :
people use their car for travel a long o short distance , this is really comfortable because you can manage the speed and where you will direct .
another option :
when you are not keen on travel by bs and you do not want get the car out the garage , the taxis may be the best option .
these are the combination between buses and your own car .
conclution
I believe that there should be more buses for the comfort of people .
there are several options to choose , but the choice depends on each .
My favorite sport is Football . I like it because it is a sport that does n't need a lot of means to be played .
In my country for instance , people starts playing football at the very early age .
The only thing they need is to have a ball and a piece of land .
Everybody can practise football .
The other reason why I like practising football is because it is a collective sport .
By playing football , you meet a lot of people of your age and make some friends .
Finally , football is like all sports very good for health .
Playing football at a regular basis helps to maintain a good health .
My advice to people who want to play football is to be passionate , to like and feel football .
As I said , it is not mandatory to have all the dedicated equipment but it could help .
They also have to remember that it is a game of contacts .
So , it might cause some injuries .
And for those who like football but are scary to get injured , they still have the opportunity to watch games on TV and play video game console .
It is common to see during summer many people in parks practising sports , like running , biking , or just doing every kind of physical activities .
Thanks god , I live right in the front of one big park .
So , when I wake up every morning , also pushed because I am a very active person , I get such a motivation to go out and do something .
I sometimes practise biking , running , or even dancing on sunday .
I practise also swimming in my apartment 's pool , and surfing when I manage to get to the beach .
But , not only in summer I practise sports , once in winter I practise also fun sports , like skiing , snowboarding , and Ice skating , among others .
So , when my friends ask me which is my favourite sport , a problematic decision comes to my mind , simply because I like them all .
But one of these sports comes to to the top of my thoughts more often : Running .
Why do I enjoy running ? .
I do not have a quick answer , but I can slide some ideas .
First , running is cheap .
If you want to practise this sport , you can simply take a couple of sneakers , and any light sportswear , and start to run anywhere .
There is no need of expensive technical clothes , or special fields , just you , and a place safe and with enough space .
Nonetheless , if you really want to get into this sport as a pro , you can get to invest a lot on clothing and gadgets .
Second , running is simple .
You do not need to get any special training when you start to run , you know it since you are a child .
That said , running is probably the easiest sport to practise .
Nevertheless , once you started to practise running , and want to really get into it , and improve , I do recommend you to take care of your health a to find professional assistance .
Injuries may happen for practicing it often if you do not know the way you step , or you do not take the necessary time to get the resistant that your body needs , for example .
Famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
The relationship between famous people and journalist is an attractive focus on our society .
In my opinion , it has two sides .
On the one hand , without their career effect , they would as normal as we are .
Famous people need a love , family , entertainment and support .
Sometimes , they are happy , sometimes they are sad
Like we all know technology is making the best of it .
Providing us needs that in the past were n't .
The society is growing and as it grows it gets more used to technology being everywhere .
Public transport is used every day by millions of people .
The mayority ; young or old age , since they are n't old enough or they are too old to drive .
Driving is the reason why adult people do n't tend to use as much public transport .
They just prefer to travel long or short distance in individual transport , known as car .
This is because technology has given us this opportunity , and as time goes by more and better modifications are made to car .
Which tends to catch our attention and waste our money in a way that can me saved up , in this casse using public transport .
This is happening now , and we are not even fully devoloped in technoloy .
Imagine the future , will public transport still be used ?
Will it modify our society ?
Will it be good , or not ?
That is something we have to work on .
IN helping our society grow , but not too much .
Just what we need .
Enough to live .
The purpose of this report is to assess the best and the worst aspects of Active Leisure Club .
Active Leisure Club 's gym is a modern built building .
The clients benefit of professional coaches , who train them in order to perform the exercises correctly .
There are appliances as treadmills , bikes , weightlifting and many others .
Although , there are not showers , and this really is a negative aspect .
You should build one to improve the popularity of your leisure club .
Those people who use the spa can benefit from treatments of the highest quality .
However , these services are very expensive , and not everybody can afford them .
You could low the prices a little bit .
That way , everybody could benefit of your spa .
In the club 's sports hall , people can play different sports and have fun with their friends .
Anyway , their children do not have a special place , so it would be recommended to arrange a safe place for them to play .
I hope that my report helped you , and Active Leisure Club will improve its facilities .
Nowadays everyone has read a book .
There are plenty of choice , novel , historic , drama or comedy .
Also , there are different form to read , I mean , you can read a book or an ebook .
Vanity fair is a good example for a book full of surprise .
You are reading and thinking what will happen .
But something happens unexpectedly and the new chapter is completely different what you had imagined .
Those things make me say that it is a good book .
The action involve you and you can stop reading .
The writer manage to catch all your attention .
That is a wonderful capacity of some good writers .
This book has a very fluent plot what makes that Vanity fair was one of the best novel .
In my opinion , a good book has to have surprise , has to have a good plot , a good variety of characters and , as I said , has to involve you .
When you read a book you ca n't stop to read it
The last CD I bought was Britney Jean by Britney Spears .
In this CD , the Singer expresses all her feelings and told us about her last experiences during recent years .
Firstly , you can find songs about her children , lack of affection , broken heart and some commercial songs which have an interesting lyrics .
People could think that if you buy this type of music , you will waste your money and it is just commercial music .
However , from my point of view , it 's not true .
When I listened this CD by the first time , I could sense how the singer break out in these songs and how many aspects of her life thought her to grow up a little bit more each day .
So , I would recommend this CD to other people because I think that they could meet the signer depply through the songs which compose this amazing CD .
Time passed and John had an unimaginable inspiration with his experiment .
He had to apply all his knowledge to make something concrete , with potential .
One night he went to a party with his colleagues .
He thought it will be good to distracted for a while .
It was already night when he was in Luck 's house ( Luck was an old friend ) and all of them were talking about life things , but then Luck remembered that John was working in an experiment that he did n't know what was it about , so he asked John in front of everyone :
-So , John ! How is it going ?
I heard that you were working in an experiment !
- Actually I am still working on it !
I worked on it very hard even though it was very complex , and my purpose was that it could get admitted by the inspector , and when I showed it to him he told me that it was good but I had to fix some details !
-He said .
-Oh ! Really ! I am glad that you 're doing well ! -Luck said .
When Peter listened that , he was interested in knowing about John 's experiment .
He had the insight that the experiment could be something vital to human life .
Peter 's career was similar to John 's .
He asked him if he could work with him and that he knew something that could help his devise to succeed .
John accepted his help ant told him to go to his laboratory .
As time passed Peter and John gradually became more close to each other .
After four months of hard work , they took the experiment with all the information to inspection .
The inspector finally accepted their work and told them that now they had to be patient because they will going to reproduce many of them .
They were very happy .
They decided to design a vertical field to expand the laboratory .
John draw a sketch to see how it was going to look .
Everything was going very good ; nonetheless Peter intentions changed and became riddle .
There was gap of ambition in him
My name is Daniel and my favourite sport is Padel .
Padel is a sport activity where you can enjoy with other three friends .
It is similar to tennis but the court is smaller than tennis court .
Furthermore , the court has walls and the ball can bounce off they .
Padel is my favourite sport because it is so easy to play for everyone and it is funny when you play with people who has the same level to you .
The most important thing that you have to think when you start to play this sport is that it is a game and you should improve your level fast because it is an easy sport .
I started when I was 18 years and I played 2 days per week .
Now , I play padel four days per week .
I am an addict to padel !
Dear Sir ,
This is in regard to the summer camp application advertised in the newspaper .
I would like to work as a volunteer in the upcoming summer camp at Arizona which you are organizing from 20th March to 30th March .
I am 32 years old Computer Science graduate currently working as software consultant .
I am an active person and exercise daily to keep myself fit and positive all through my day .
I also play cricket and badminton during the weekends .
I teach English in the suburb colony to primary children as part of my company 's ' Giving Back to Society ' program .
I am taking a vacation during the second half of March and I see it to be a perfect time to join the summer camp as the dates coincide .
So I would like to take this opportunity to work as a Volunteer .
I also enjoy cooking and will be a great help in the kitchen .
With my experience as a teaching assistant I can easily handle young kids and keep them busy in learning . I am follow a lot of sports channels in TV during my free time and that helps me in setting up the rules for the sports activities and ensure they are organized well .
It gives me great pleasure in helping kids in their activities and teaching them through play .
It makes me feel contented that I am contributing to the society by participating in the tasks that shape their future .
Having energetic and cheerful attitude , I would like you to consider me as the best fit for the camp volunteer and accept my application .
Looking forward to be a part of the team .
Sincerely ,
Sri Kapadia Chowdhury .
In my opinion , public transport has been improved during the last years , because cities has been doing a lot of investment for that .
At big cities , such New York , the main public transport is the underground , which is usually fast and not too expensive .
There are other types of public transport such bus , train or even planes for long trips .
I do not agreee with the idea which says that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect way of transport for commuters and nowadays , a lot of people is conscious with the global warmig and the envirnoment , and refuses to use the car every day .
In addition , the fuels price is increasing during the last years .
In summary , I think the public transport is a good way to move and the number of users is increasing every day .
Clare ,
Thank you for writing , I was worried about you .
Firstly , it is such a good news to know that you are getting used to your new life .
What have you doing since you moved from here ?
Secondly , I am so happy that you are glad with your new home and how is It ?
Is It look like your old house or it is bigger than this ?
In your letter you wrote that you are missing some people and things , what and who do you miss ?
I can imagine how difficult it can be , although calm down you will find out different things to do and make friends as soon as possible .
I really want to visit you .
If I am not travelling with my parents , I will go to your city .
I will look forward to hearing from you ,
Claudia
PUBLIC TRANSPORT .
Nowadays , travel in public transport has been an experience who none has failed .
However , exist now a discussion about what the people prefer , if the public transport or the vehicule of oneself .
Exist a lot of benefits of the public transport , at the start , you do nt have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book o wathever you want without have to pay attention to the traffic , is true too that travel by this way of transport help the goverment because you have to pay it , and the majority of them are cheap enought to everyone .
However , so much people love have their own vehicule , a car , a bick , a moto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicule is that you do nt have to take a bus , for example , crowded of people , you can go alone in your car , or whoever you want , but the important is that you chose .
In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport has their own pros and cons but in my opinion the difference between both this is that in the secon you chose you own style .
Extremadura is a small place where you can not find many transport types .
First of all , the most of the people in Extremadura use the car for going to the job , to university or school .
The car is a quick , cheap and easy transport since you can use it when you want and you can park it where you want .
When you use the car , you do not have to think in timetables and you do n't have to pay expensive tickets for travelling .
However , I think that this transport has some disadvantages , for instance : if in a small city there are a lot of cars , the pollution will increase and the environment will be injured .
Also , when a city is small the people should walk to different places since everything is near to your houses .
Related to the use of the car , I would like to say that the Extremadura 's roads need a big reparation because , for example , the road between Cáceres and Badajoz is very damaged and it is difficult to drive for it .
In Extremadura , the second transport most used is the bus .
On the one hand , there are buses that connect the several neighbourhoods of the cities with the centre of them .
On the other hand , there are buses for travelling large distances .
I think that the urban buses have improved in Cáceres .
The last year , the mayor changed the old buses by new buses without increase the prices .
Now , it is securier to travel than last years .
Also , the seats of this transport are more clean and the bus driver go saying the name of each stop .
In the bus stop there are devices that advice to the people the minutes that they have to wait to the arrived of the bus .
Finally , in Extremadura the transport least used is the train .
The ticket is very expensive and the trains are very old .
Hello , dear guests ! We are glad to see you in our city . I want to tell you about interesting places in my city .
We are live in Moscow , it is a very big city , so there are many interesting places , where I used to do some activity .
That 's why I decide to tell you about some interesting place in our city .
I think , Gorky Park is a good place where we can spend our time .
In the summer it is a place where you can play Volleyball in the special ground with sand , play ping - pong or if you are tied you can sit in special hammock .
Many people come to the park for a picnic .
And in the evening you can go to the open - air cinema .
In the winter Gorky Park is very beautiful and there are ice skating park .
Everybody goes to it because it is the best ice skating park in Europe .
There are dancing square and many romantic alleys , also there are toboggan slide .
Guys should not go to snowbording .
I think it is good plays to other activities .
I like this park , so to my mind it is the best park in Moscow . You should go to the Gorky Park .
Hi Alison !
Nice to hearing from you .
I 'll try to describe for you an ordinary daily menu in my country .
Breakfast should be a shot of energy in my opinion .
Most people eat scrammbled eggs and drink a cup of tea .
But I prefer a strong coffee instead of tea .
It 's a good way to wake up !
Dinner contains two meals .
First is a soup , the most popular is chicken soup .
Main course is very heavy - lot of potatoes with meat .
I would prefer to eat more light dishes like vegetables with rise .
Supper always contains sandwiches .
As usual I 'm on a diet , so I prefer only yogurth .
Being fit it 's nice ! :)
I hope it would help you .
Kisses ,
Monika
I introduce myself : I 'm Italian with an obsession for the English language
I ca n't stop studying English language , I'm a sort of ' englishaddicted , but I wish I were an English native speaker , I do n't know why .
I 've been studying English at school
, later I took my degree in Modern Foreign Languages and Literatures , starting my to and from England to improve my skills .
While studying at the University my idea was to move to the UK to work there , but I got married so I could n't realize my dream . !
I found myself teaching English in my Country , far from the language competence I was longing for .
I will never stop visiting the UK and trying to improve my speaking and writing skills , thanks too to your help .
4 . Do you learn more at school or on placement ?
Nearly every education will apply a placement in their education program , to get the skills and experience of their pupils to a higher level .
But , is it also that necessary ?
Where do you actually learn more , at school or on placement ?
First of all before arguing this question , it is important to compare the answers with people who are on the same education and school .
Because there can be a lot of differences in the characteristics of those two subjects .
After that , having said I can clearly write down my opinion about this question .
I think that at my school the balance of this civil education is n't right and fair at all .
Because the numbers of theory lessons about our discipline are by far many hours less than I expected to get .
This makes it nearly a complete self study education , which should n't be that way at this level of schooling .
So because of this , the placement is always a step ahead to choose for at this question because they will teach you directly more .
In addition , on placement the things you learn are always focused on that particular job and company .
So the details and information they teach you will be more useful in your future career than the random information about the subjects at school .
So this makes it already two against zero for the placement .
And finally the third and last reasons why I think you learn more on placement than at school .
When you go to school you have to follow lessons which are off course useful for your knowledge but , the way of following this lessons are not a natural work pattern .
In a natural work pattern you have to do , also like school , your tasks but the communication is also an important part of it .
This important way communication lacks at school , because it 's a nearly a one direction way of communicating from the teachers .
You have to make a test and they will give you a rating for it .
While on placement they work more in an evaluating way to improve skills .
So with the these three arguments all going in the same direction to explain my opinion at this question , I think it has not to be explained any further now .
Over the last years , people 's attidute has been changing .
The necessity declined that working and living needs to be fairly close to each other .
Managing long distances seems to be normal nowadays .
Moreover , people enjoy being unbound and therefore , they are willing to travel long distances .
However , public transport has been critised more and more over the last years because of its inconenvience .
Some people go even so far and do n't assume that public transport will have a future at all .
A lot of public services were cut down in order to save money .
Therefore , busses are not running as often or reglulary as they used to .
Especially in the countryside , public transport is no alternative to cars due to the lack of frequency .
Consequently , people prefer taking the car .
Firstly , because they gain independence therewith .
Secondly , they can visit each place without any circumstances .
For instance , there is no need to change the bus .
It is also more convenient to go to work by car as you can leave when it suits you and not because the last bus is running .
In addition , the car is also more convenient in respect of the timing .
After having had a long day at work , people long to get home as quick as possible .
Furthermore , ticket prices have been increased rapidly in the last years .
Travelling by train as a family or group is often far more expensive than taking the car .
Nevertheless , public transport still provides several advantages in comparison to taking the car .
For example , it is no parking space required .
Sitting in the bus can also be quite relaxing , especially considering the heavy traffic during rush hours .
Finally , it still provides a useful way of travel for all who do n't have a driving licence .
In the end , the service of public transport needs to change to attract more people and to have a rosieer future .
However , it will remain in the future as still many people use it or even depend on it .
The purpose of this report is to inform about how the city of Granada take care of envirnoment .
Rubbish and pollution
Granada can be consider a clean city as regard of rubbish treatment .
There are lot of recycling points of plastic , paper , used oil , glass and batteries .
And there is a big universitary commnunity involved in recycling .
As for pollution it refers , in spite of to have a decent public transport , Granada is one of the worst cities of Spain .
Clean Infrastructures
How was said , Granada have a decent public transport and now it is being improved by adding a metropolitan train .
However , Granada can not be considerer as Ciclyng Friendly , there is less ciclyng roads than in other cities of similar size .
In addition , the oldtown is not as involved as it should be in clean behaviour , being the University who make the biggest effort .
Summing Up
I considerer that Granada score 6.5 of 10 about taking care of envirnoment .
There is good points but a lot of work must be done to achieve the eco - friendly title .
The most absorbing place in my town is obviously the Big Castle .
It was built in 1754 and renovated in 2007 and nowadays you can see the new face of this amazing place .
When you will get to the highest tower , you will watch the most breathtaking view .
It is a place where you can always find loads of tourists and foreigners .
When the weather is good enough close to the castle take place many kinds of parties and enterinments .
Like folk dances or shooting with a bow .
Unfortunately , tickets are expensive but worth buying . I also honestly recommend you to see all the places around the Big Castle such as Town Museum or Folk village .
And what 's more , castle is situated in the centre of the town with an easy walking distance to shops and park .
I can assure you will never get bored with this place and all things things connected with Big Castle will make it memorable for you .
Hope you will enjoy your stay .
Hello Maria ,
I 'm thinking about our last trip .
It was amazing !
I 'd like to spend my summer holidays with you .
When are you available ?
We could visit different countries , for example , France , Holland and Belgium because they 're near .
Last week , I went to Barcelona with my sister , Caroline , she had to take an exam .
It was a fantastic weekend because we visited some places : Sagrada Familia , Guell Park ... and we walked by the promenade .
It 's a beautiful city and I 'd to go with you .
Tomorrow , I 'll go to visit my grandparents in Galicia .
It 's a long trip but it does n't matter because I 've good friends there and I want to spend some time with my grandparents , David and Gema .
I 'll get you a surprise !
I hope your answer , I want to have a great holidays this year !
Regards ,
Carlos
Nowadays almost every person in the world watches movies temporarily or permanently .
It can be done by going to a cinema or watching movies at home .
I like both ways .
Regarding my preferences , I would like to admit that silent genre conquered me .
Of course , unprepared viewer ca n't understand inner beauty of this genre and will choose something mediocre .
However , simplicity in some cases can be very good and smart .
When I want to watch something easy , comedy or horror comes to my mind .
I do n't appreciate melodramas or love stories much , but they should be paid attention to .
In my opinion , very few people use movies for broadening the mind .
They are simply relaxing by such a way .
That day was a terrible day with Michael , he woke up and felt totally exhauted after an overwhelming birthday party .
He even did not remember what has happened and a serious headache made him did not want to get out of the bed .
His mom was disappointed about that , too .
She even did not want to talk to him after that situation happened .
Anyway , he is her son , and she had no choice but to take care of him in spite of any situation .
She talked to him:"How about you today ? " .
He did not answer at all , besides , he hit the chair near her , and unfortuantely , that chair hit her in a serious manner .
She even could not yell a word , just looked at him disappointedly .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My favourite website is Drive2.ru .
It 's a kind of a social network , but it differs a bit from ordinary networks .
The aim of the site is to get together people interested in cars .
In this network you create a profile of your car , write a list of improvements you have done in it , upload photos and movies about you car and of course you meet a lot of people with the same interests .
Drive2 users often have a lot of technical questions about their cars .
So they often need help of professionals .
I think that it is necessary to involve some professional mechanics to give advice to users .
The other website I often use is Google.com because it is the greatest searching service ever created by human beings .
I think it is the best among other searching systems because of it is very fast and you get only the information you asked for and nothing excess .
I think that many google users will be happy if the developpers bring more useful information to the main page , for example weather information , carrency rates or hot news .
Moreover google map service needs some improvements such as street names , map accuracy and more city panorams .
Hello dear visitors of Moscow !
Welcome to Moscow !
I hope your arrival was successful and you have been enjoying our town .
If you want to spend your time visiting famous and very beautiful place and see by yourself the main sightseeing in Moscow , I recommend you to visit the Red Square .
The world famous Red Square is located in the centre of Moscow .
Your group will see many well - known monuments of architecture , which you admire .
There you will be able to find out a lot of information about the history of Moscow and Russian rulers .
You will be very exciting watching St. Basils 's Cathedral , the monument of Minin and Pozharsky , the Kremlin .
I recommend you to visit the Kremlin .
It 's necessary for you if you want to see the most famous place in Moscow .
I think you should buy tickets and book the excursion in advance , because you can spend much time searching for it .
I hope you will enjoy seeing this place and become really excited by this excursion watching the great architectural monuments
Dears Kate Ashby ,
I am wiring to apply for the vacancy in your cafe .
I enclose my CV for your information .
I have had extensive experience working face - to - face with customers .
I have worked two years in a well know coffee franchise and previously three years in famous patisserie as a chef assistant , giving me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge about cooking .
I am a conscientious person who works hard and pays attention to detail . I am flexible , quick to pick up new skills and eager to learn from others .
I have lots of ideas and enthusiasm and I am available to work long hours .
I am keen to work for a company with great reputation like Green Pepper Cafe .
Thank you for taking the time to consider this application and I look forward to hearing from you in the future .
Your sincerely ,
Cristina Vargas
This topic leads me to think of my brother 's child .
This result in different views of whether people accept it is easier to raise children now a day .
I hold the belief that the children are really easy to raise than before .
First , the parents only want fewer kids , so the children 's resource must plentiful than 50 years ago .
I hold the example .
My brother only has one child , but my grandfather has four children .
My brother 's child can very easy to get the toy which he required directly .
However , my father never got the toy when he was a child , because too many kids need to be fed .
My grandfather must work hard to support his children by additional job .
They had no money could use on entertainment .
That is why I mention that my father never got the toy when he was a child .
Now a day , every child can get more and more resource from their parents because of less competing by other child .
That is what I say that the fewer children can get more resource and easier to be raise .
Second , more and more infrastructures appear in our city .
Of course , that must include the health care system .
For instance , in the big city we can very easy to find the specific space to serve our children , such as special toilet and Breast - Feeding Room in every subways .
These kinds of space can make parents comfortable and concentrate on their care .
My brother told me when his baby should be feed when they walked on the street .
They can quickly to feed his baby .
That is friendly for children and parents .
On the other hand , the software infrastructures are important as well as hardware system .
Health care system also helps the parents to care of their children , because of people can spend less money to recover their disease by insurance .
This is a good example to show that the infrastructure can help parents to care of their children .
Of course , some people may be moved to disagree with my position on this issue .
That being said , I still feel that the reasons I have presented was strong ones , such as more resources and infrastructure .
Having a healthy lifestyle is one of the most important things for our health , because it reduces the chances of getting sick and it gives you the energy and concentration you need .
But what should you do in order to live a healthy life ?
Eating on a schedule is a very important tip you should take in consideration and also trying to avoid fried meals or fast food .
Unhealthy food and neglecting physical exercises increases the chances of getting fat and having problems with your heart , liver and other organs .
Fruits , vegetables and water
Your body requires many types of vitamins in order to function properly , which are found in fresh or boiled vegetables and fruits .
They would help you immune system , your skin and will also give you the amount of energy you need the whole day .
However , drinking 2 litters of water everyday is essential to your health and has a lot of benefits such as helping energising muscles or keeping your skin look good .
Sports and sleep
Another think you should take in consideration if you want to live a happy long life is doing physical exercises , such as walking in the park , going to the gym or playing team sports .
It will give you a lot of energy to study and do the things you love , while feeling and living healthy .
Besides that , you should also sleep between 8 - 10 hours per night , so that your body can function effectively .
Do 's
-eat fruits and vegetables
-drink water
-sleep 8 - 10 hours / night
-do sports
Do n't 's
-eat a lot of Fast Food
-drink excessively alcohol
-be lazy
In conclusion , you do n't have to do a lot of effort to have a healthy lifestyle and there are plenty of benefits from it .
You will feel great , would concentrate better , have more energy and have less health problems .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in connection with the advertisement for a job in the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I would like to apply for the position you offered .
I am a really cheery person , I like taking walks to the countryside and taking photos there in my free time and in my opinion I am a very tireless youngster .
Besides , I am plenty of availability and I am responsible , patient and social , and I have good communication skills .
My qualifications include a broad experience as a childminder and in organising sports activities .
Furthermore , I have worked as a catering assistant for a year .
I would be very happy to attend an interview if you liked me to introduce myself .
Also I would be grateful for information about the task I would be called for if I got the job .
I look forward to receiving a reply .
Yours sincerely ,
Lucía Orellana
No future for public transport is one of the worst things in our life .
Thus , our state spears no effect on fight it , transportation now is very over crowdedness and difficult , especially in the rush hour which people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock , the main reason for that is the increasing the number of people in our country ( housing problem ) and the result of that a lot of accidents has been done and a lot of people were died .
Recent U.S. study revealed that the bus ride and trains regularly maintains the agility of the body and helps in reducing weight .
According to a study published by the journal « American Journal of Medicine Brevintev » in August / August next that the more public transport in the city , where population has become leaner and healthier .
The U.S. researchers from two universities in the state of Pennsylvania and the Foundation « Rand » American research and development staff to monitor regularly attend public transportation or go to work by car within a year .
The study results showed that people who ride transportation .
Public decreased their weight by three kilograms on average , compared to people who use the car to move and the study attributed this result to walk to the bus stop and running to catch the bus in the expected position requires goer public transport more traffic , while this does not happen with motorists .
The study pointed out that the public transport network in the United States has not been expanded since a long time compared to the situation in Germany , for example .
He appealed to the experts in political circles in the United States to invest more money in public transportation and improving security in the ways of the infantry in cities and make them more attractive to encourage people to use public transport .
The supervisor of the study , John M ..
MacDonald of the University of Pennsylvania : « investment in public transport will allow the possibility of reducing obesity people » .
Suffered the transport sector in the Arab countries of the many shortcomings and poor performance and is a form of environmental pollution and this is due primarily to a lack of the capacity of public institutions to develop strategies necessary to intervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result
So it did not materialize for the transport sector often necessary capacity to provide reliable and safe transportation and moderate cost and in spite of the high demand for transportation services in the Arab countries are still public transport systems are undeveloped and drive people to rely on private cars .
It has been observed , for example , that increasing the number of cars varied between 7 and 10 percent per year in Jordan and this situation is similar to what happens in other Arab countries , and despite the investments in roads and infrastructure in the last few decades , the performance of this sector remains weak as a result of congestion severe urban centers and poor air quality in many cities , land degradation and high rates of emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
The optimistic opinion , some people object that " no future for public transport " saying that the future of public transport is clear and the prof of that in ancient there was n't any transport and by the time people starting to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars until the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by the creative people .
In the other opinion , the pessimistic opinion , in developed countries like Japanese and Kuwait we do n't find like these problems because they have a good planning , they make ways underground and overground , then they have ways only for people and ways only for cars , finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care with that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
Hi Max ,
How are you ? I 'm fin .
This day are a sunny and fantastic days and I will start school in a week .
I recommend you to visit the beach because it is fantastic in hot days .
And there are a lot of beach bars for snack between meals .
I recommend you , too , to visit the castle because it is very interesting .
I offer you to go for a walk to Anec Blau because there is a cinema with some new funny movies and there are a lot of clothes shops too .
I 'm not sure what is the most expensive restaurant in my town , maybe there are some near the beach because the tourist normally go there .
My typical evening out is going to Anec Blau and after that I go to the cinema to watch a comedy film or go for a walk with friends .
Silvana .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am very glad of the fact that you visited our country and the area of Silesia .
According that , I recommend you to visit Tyskie Brewery in Tychy .
It is worth seeing because there is the most famous brand which brews one of the most popular beer in Poland .
In my opinion , a trip will be fascinating because of the fact that the building of the Brewery is orginally German - owned brewery which has been brewering been for almost 400 years .
It contains a liitle museum which is open for tours .
I strongly advice to see that , there is an English - speaking guide who will show you the way of brewing process .
Tickets must be booked in advance and there is a tasting session at the end .
There you could buy some souvenirs - glsses , bottles , T- shirts , cups and , of course , beer !
It is a good purpose , to see and get to know the place , where in Poland produced traditional and well known beer .
I hope you will take it into consideration and go to sightseeing our local but famous Brewery .
Yours faithfully ,
Anna
The Asian restaurant Tian review
For our end of the course 's dinner , I 'd recommend the Asian restaurant Tian .
Firstly it 's a really exquisite place , and it is decorated with objects from the South Asia .
The atmosphere seems exotic and calming .
The place is small but it 's very cozy .
They serve all meals in small portions ; and they suggest that the servings can be shared ; so everybody can try more itens from the menu .
The food is really tasteful , each bite it 's an invite to travel by the senses to far away places in Asia .
Finally , to add one more touch to the experience you can take a ride in their tuk - tuk .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He got that mysterious look in his eyes .
He just realized how to solve one of the biggest physical challenges mankind has been interested in for ages .
Time travelling !
We had been looking at this problem from wrong angle all the time .
The periodic move of minute hand compared to smooth path of seconds hand .
We were trying to reverse the flow of time , but that is not possible at all .
We have to focus on the breaks .
Time is running , seemingly continuously , same as seconds hand on his clock .
But we got this perception just because our eye can see only limited number of images in a time period .
If time period is long enough , like minute , we can see strict distinction between one and two .
That is the key !
We need to slow down the time !
In other words , we have to be fast enough to see that breaks in time .
Then we can just jump inside it and move either direction , as we wish .
Peter grabbed his notebook and immediately wrote all this down .
He ca n't forget any word of it !
Nowadays we live in society that we is totally dependent on transport .
This happens because , not only we live in a big cities but also we have no time to waste .
Due to this we have witnessed to an increase of traffic .
Public transport are for some people one good solution for many reasons , such as , they can save money and travel quickly .
However , some people say that public transport have no future , they might be right.ple do n't agree with it , they prefer travelling by car .
Some people say that public transport have no future , they might be right .
Considering that the companies now are moving to the surrundings of the cities and the lack of more and flexible timetables some people exclude the public transport option .
As a result of this many people are trying new opitions like car sharing .
It is believed that travelling by car is more comfortable and convenient for everyone , consequently car brand 's look at is as a new opportunity creating new hybrid cars in order not to damage the environment .
I personally believe that because of all this the public transport will have no future in our society .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
It was the day of her birth .
She woke up in the morning full of enthusiasm and zest for life .
She was sure that everyone remembers about the celebration and have a gift for her .
But it turned out that everyone had left the house for work and no one was waiting for her with the wishes .
She went to school very disappointed .
Day of school very stretched because Anna always thought about the sad morning .
However , the surprise was still to come .
Anna did n't expect that after returning from school she finds his family and friends .
All of them were waiting for her with lots of gifts in a beautifully decorated room .
Anne was very surprised and happy .
I 'm a teeneger and now a days I recognize there are a lot of ways to get to know something .
In the past technology was poor and only a few guys had a smarphone or a computer .
In contrast , today everyone has the latest model of telephone or computeror whatever .
In the last ten years technology have made a big jump and thanks to the Internet we can search everything whenever we want .
In the past was better than now because grandparents or older people could tell you how to do something for the first time , they could give you some useful advice and you could establish a relation with them .
Today everyone knows how everything is easier with technological machine but it 's more sad because you ca n't compare your thoughts with nobody .
For that reason , I think that for me , young people in the past learned a lot from their grandparents and it should be the same today too .
I 'm going to talk about the famine and thirst in Africa .
There is a large number of African children , who suffers with the lack of food and clean water .
Children are supposed to be the future of their countries , but in Africa , especially in the countries in sub - Sahara Africa , there are many cases of famine - extreme cases , so children spend very difficulties .
Their education is affected , for example .
They have to walk away long distances to have clean water and to work too to survive .
Children who have to work and can not go to school , wo n't get a better life and their dreams never will come true .
Unfortunately this is the sad reality .
Besides that , the lake of food and clean water are responsible for many diseases , which are responsible for a large number of deaths , because there are n't enough sources to cure the populations .
Ear we have some of them : anemia/ anemia ; rickets and malnutrion …
The principals cause for famine in Africa are the ethnic conflicts , which causes warms ; the decrease of fertile grounds and the use of ground only to produce monocultures to export .
Every day , Tom walks next to the river to see the landscape and to feed lots of squirrels which live in the trees .
Sunday morning , Tom was walking as usually when he saw a big poster with a picture of a big motorway .
In that moment he understood that the mayor will build a big motorway there , next to the river .
Suddenly , he thought that the workers will cut all the trees , and the squirrels will lose their refuges , so he thought that he had to do something immediately .
He wrote a letter to the town hall explaining the situation and asking to stop the construction .
He suggested to build the motorway in another place to save the squirrels and to protect that beautiful landscape .
The mayor accepted Tom 's proposal , and he ordered to build the motorway in another different place .
Tom arrived home very late .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
firstly , the primary cause of bushfire is human activities .
lacck sense of civic responsibility is lead to bushfire easily .
For instance , some people discarded cigarette or match which is unattended like barbeque or campfires .
In addition , in many developing country , unemployment they also migrate to forest and set fire to enhance cultivated surface .
Moreover , a small piece broken of bottle or glass can also lead to bushfire .
it will attract sun 's ray and set alight .
Bushfire caused by numerous human activities but almost started from carelessness of people ( Roland as cited in Schauble , 2009 )
My subject will talk about my autumn holidays .
I went a week at Center Parcs in French with my family , my godfather , and my best friend .
The Center Parc is in the region of Lorraine .
We left Monday morning at ten 0'clock , we should have put three hours away but we put double because the plugs .
Once arrived , we unloaded the car and we went to the store .
Tuesday we went to visit the Sainte- Croix Animal Park .
They are more than 1,500 animals from 100 different species .
I saw deer , bear , lynx , bison , wolves , lemurs , vultures , red pandas and other animals .
Wednesday I went to try for horses with my godfather to possibly buy one .
We went in two riding stable but I have not found the horse that I liked ..
Thursday I went with my family to the Strasbourg Cathedral .
It 's huge and beautiful . I will show you a picture later .
And in the afternoon we went to the Center Parc of the pool .
It 's big with many activities .
Friday morning we did canoeing and paddle boating on the small river that ran along the center and in the evening we went to the restaurant .
The next day , me and my best friend went to play bowling and billiards . while my parents took my sisters ride a pony .
And the afternoon , the centre organizes a lesson for agility dogs .
I did with my dog .
It is called Canelle , it 's a Jack Russell Terrier .
It 's very small !
It measures about 30 centimetres .
The lesson is not very well , she was interested in other dogs and she was not listening .
At the end , the teacher asked me the exercise again .
It was perfect , she jumped sixty centimeters .
And Sunday morning we returned because the weather was bad .
The Alhambra : A paradise within you reach .
Are you one of those people who would like to go back to past time ?
The Alhambra give you this opportunity !
In the wonderful Granada , which is located in the south of Spain with a great weather , you can visit the palace city .
The Alhambra is a group of palaces , gardens and fortresses built by Muslims and occupied by them for over four centuries .
It was a citadel inside of Granada where the monarch of the Emirate of Granada and his court lived .
Its true atractiveness , in addition to the decoration which is in the summit of the Andalusian art is also their location which is unique .
You will be impressed by the stunning views which are considered by some people the best one of the world .
If you are lucky enough to visit this wonderful place in summer I recommend you attend the Granada International festival of Music and Dance which is celebrated in Genelalife 's gardens where you can enjoy amazing artists and orquestras in an unrivalled setting .
You ca n't miss it !
The graphic information presented in the flow chart illustrates the procedure regarding to the form of bank notes , which can be sorted into 6 main phases .
Initially , the format of the notes should first be designed considering the background color and security issues .
At the same time , skilled machinists are prepared with the use of metal plates in order to set up a fixed mould .
After that , the pringting process comes into play .
50 pieces per sheet are set with special ink prepared , producing images that colors on both sides with a slow speed .
The most significant procedure is called inspection , which means mannual check by particular machines and staffs , and then they are classified into 3 different columns , including good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets , and bad sheets .
In the final stage , the well - performed sheets are packed and distributed to each branches , while the broken ones are safety disposed .
This is the whole process how a bank note is made .
The flew chart shows six main steps in terms of making bank notes .
As following desriptions , namely , Design , Preparation of matal plates , Printing , Inspection , Packaging and Distribution and Disposal .
When you need a bank notes , the first thing you should do is to design what aspects of information you want .
Next , make sure the metal plates worked well .
Afterwards , you are able to print the sheets of the bank notes(50 bank notes per sheet ) .
The most significant part of the
step is inspectation , where the printed sheets should be
manually inspectors by the officers .
It depends on whether the sheets are in good or bad qualities .
If it is not very well , we can destroyed them securly , however , a few sheets may partially damaged , it does n't matter due to the fact that further seperation will assiste you to get the wrong sheets .
At last , all of
the sheets have been dealt with correctly .
Overview , it is clear that the process of making bank notes begins with Design and ends with Disposal or Distribution .
Travelling by public transport is expensive and uncomfortable .
The trains and buses are not big enough .
There is not enough space for your legs and you often do not get a seat .
This will not be a problem if you travel only short distances , but on long journeys that will be very uncomfortable .
Travelling with your personal car is much more comfortable .
There is the possibility to set up your seat .
It is your own decision when you get up , because there are no time boundaries .
There are no times when you have to be at the bus stop .
If you use public transport for long distances in a city , you will often change the bus .
There is the risk that you would not get the connecting bus and so you are stressed .
In conclusion travelling by car is the easiest and best way . I think that it is not possible to use public transport because there are no buses or trains .
Maybe car sharing is an innovative alternative to public transport .
Many people use their car alone .
The most of the time they have free seats in their cars .
So they could spare their cars with other people
here are many fields of study that have not been discovered or researched by humans .
Many reasons cause the research hardly going on .
As a result , there is the debate whether educational institutes have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing field of study in which they are unlikely to succeed .
In my opinion , I agree with the statement with qualifications by following reasons .
Admittedly , some of the research need to invest many resources that educational institutes can not afford .
Such research indeed will fail .
Educational institutes should dissuade students .
However , if there is not lack of the resource for the field of study , Educational institutes should support students for their study area .
Education 's greatest purpose is to encourage student to attempt and learn from the fail .
Take Thomas Alva Edison , the inventor of the light bulb , for example .
He tried a lot of different materials to make filament of the light bulb .
Once , people think he would succeed .
Even though the research really can not succeed .
Students can learn some things from the course of the research .
In the course of the research , students will think how to develop process of the research and know which segment will cause the problem making the research fail .
In addition , students in the course of research maybe create serendipity .
Like Alexander Flrming Alexander , the inventor of the antibiotic , discovered the Penicillin accidentally from the research of the germ .
" You must do the thing you think you can not do . "
said by Eleanor Roosevelt .
The invaluable thing is to turn the impossibility to possibility .
Therefore , Educational institutes should encourage the student attempting the field which unlikely to succeed .
Remember when in school you learned the three esential things for living ; reproducction , nutrition and interaction .
Well , humans become more and more sedimentary whith the pass of the time and forget about interaction and mevement .
Doing sport is not only for getting fitter is also something you need to do as a habit .
Nowadays going to the gym is the new trend , but you do n't only have to do sport because it 's trendy .
I might not have the tipical sports women body type , but I really enjoy doing sport and feeling the glory of movement .
My fabourite sport is tennis , although is not the only one I practice is the one I most like to play .
I must admit , I 'll never be the best tennis player you 'll ever meet .
But that 's not my goal of practicing a sport .
Apart of ovbiouslly having fun and socialice , the way you feel after running and burning feels really good .
Hi Anne ,
Thanks for your e - mail .
It is very exciting to hear you are coming to Latvia .
Personally , I think the best time to come is in the summer .
Because at this time we have a lot of interesting activities like concerts , festivals and so on .
If you want to meet young people I suggest you stay in a youth hostel .
The first good thing is they have low cost and here you can meet students from all around the world .
In spite of that the weather has to be warm in summer , you should bring with you not only light clothes but also jacket for rainy day .
Thanks also for your invitation to join the group .
I would love to do if I am free .
I will be able to show you and your friends the most interesting places in my area .
Let me know when you are coming .
Warm regards
When I was in high school , I loved to go to different kinds of activities .
Quite often , I felt difficult to balance both my study and hobby at the same time .
So , having a good time - management have become important in my study .
I remember that I had a drama play which was held just couple weeks before final exams .
However , instead of focusing on my study , I paid more attention on rehearsals .
As a result , one of my subjects failed because I did not have enough time to catch on the lessons .
At that moment I felt regretful and frustrated .
From that experience , I have realized that I need to change my learning strategies for a successful study .
Firstly , to know what is priority is essential for achieving success .
Therefore , I avoided social activities during the period of exam .
In the same way , Rowh ( 2006 ) points out that it is important to get controlled our self .
In addition , not only putting things in order but also well - organized planning are helpful to manage times .
As Academic skill Unit ( 2012 ) states that daily , weekly and semester planner can benefit for arranging our times ( P.22 ) .
In my case , I planned the activities into a proper time because the planners clearly show me the outline in the near future .
Without a doubt , this valuable experience let me know the importance of taking responsibility to my own learning .
More significantly , I understand that time - management and planning are crucial in academic life .
Therefore , in the future , I will keep improving those abilities and become a more oragniezed person .
Football : The most incredible sport in the world
As we know football or soccer is the sport king of the present .
It 's a great party and we can have real fun watching a football game even if it 's by television .
Do you want to know why is the most enjoyable ?
When we watch a football game everybody is expecting that at any time someone will score a goal or do some jink that gets us excited and that 's the magic of the football .
If you want to start practicising this sport you have to get fit and run a lot because you got to have a good physical condition to play because it is a very demanding sport .
And I recommend you to start looking for a football club to start playing with another players .
The best thing about football is that you can practise a sport and you can socialise with other people that love that sport as much as you .
SHOPPING GUIDE FOR TOURIST
The aim of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in my town and make recommendations to try encourage the tourists visit the shops .
Some of the information was collected on the shops , and on the web .
According to the investigation , the majority of the shops are in two areas ; Firstly the puerto shopping center , it is allocated in Puerto Marina , and the offers of the shops is majority fashion , coffee shops and pubs .
The other big commercial area is in the city center , with a more variety offer , fashion , bars , supermarkets , local food shops , wine shops etc ....
Alternatively every Friday in the parking next to Tivoli World , there is a street market where you can find every kind of products , local products , food , CDs , DVDs , etc ....
Puerto Marina is more visited than the city center , even when in the city center there is more diversity than in Puerto Marina .
In the light of the results , I feel it would be to our advantage if we make promotions of the city center as a good destiny .
I would recommend the tourist office to encouraged the variety of shops In Puerto Marina
In conclusion , the tourist office should have more adverts of the city center .
Dream walked towards me and said do you know how to satisfy a lady .
I will teach you how to satisfy a lady tonight .
I was stunned by her words and become speechless for a moment .
Once again dream said to get ready , I did n't utter a word , without wasting any movement .
I grabbed her hips and dragged her towards me with a force .
She smiled and said not so soon Dreamer , I will take a bath and freshen up first and then we start .
I said that I would accompany you .
She smiled and said wait for some time I will finish my body massage and then you can join .
I said that I will help you in applying oil she said do you know how to apply .
Dear James
Let me introduce myself , I am Luis from Spain and I work as a civil engineer in a Spanish infraestructure company called Acciona .
I 'm 35 year old and lately I have been reading carefully all your letters .
I am so impressed with your post so I have just decided to get your last book ( and all the gifts , of course ... ) .
In fact , I know your book is going to help me to improve myself in lots of fields .
I completely agree with you , maybe each word you say .
I have a mortgage , a car , a degree , two children , a wife and lately I realized how I strive to make ends meet .
I usually earn between 50.000 € and 60.000 € each year and it is never enough , I do n't have a financial security .
My company is making redundancies and I am always worried about that .
The point is that I completely focus on my projects soI spend ten hours every day making a tremendous effort with my budgets , trying to increase benefits and I am doing well .
I manage risky projects and eventually I get high revenues .
I often think what happened if I would make all these effort on my own business ?
For this reason I am reading your book and listening to your podcast .
I will keep reading and listening to you .
Best
Luis
Dear Jo ,
I am happy to know that you are coming to my country this summer to travel and work .
The place you must visit is the islands !
The islands in my country are clean and beautiful .
Most of the islands are available to snorkel , so if you are going to snorkel , you will have the chance to see many different types of marine organisms like corals , fish and shells .
There are also many historical building in my country .
You can see how the building built in the olden days there .
You can also shopping at the modern buildings and watch the beautiful scenery from the high building .
Food ! You must try the varies food in my country as the food are delicious and special .
As you know , my country is made up of different races so there are many different traditional food in my country so you can try different cuisins like banana leaf rice and hainanese chicken rice .
As for work , you can find a job at my cousin 's office because they are hiring people .
So , these are the advices I can give you , hope that it can help you when you come to my country .
I am looking forward to see you in my country .
Yours sincerely ,
Yuki
My favourite film
Films do not occupy a great time of my spare time .
When I am not doing my homework and am not learning English , I like watching a film .
Sincerely , I found it very difficult to choose the best film .
There are many interesting films with valuable plots and famous actors .
Most of them are extremely interesting and worth seeing it .
They deserve to be in the top one hundred .
But finally I have decided to vote for one of them .
My favourite actor is Tom Cruise and consequently the best film I have ever seen was " Far away , far away " , where he plays starring role with his ex - wife Nicole Kidman .
I was impressed by the production because of the its valuable plot .
The story is about the love between two young people , poor man and rich and beautiful lady , who leaves her family .
She wants to try different way of life like the common girls .
Both , they pass through a lot of difficulties and lived poor life .
The aim of the two personages was to gain a piece of land in America .
They have taken part in a competition with riding horses .
Only faster competitors was given the land .
Of course , our tandem gain a piece of land .
The historic context is recreated in the film .
I recommend you to watch this film and I think you will no regret .
Most people in Bali rely too much toward their private vehicles hence they totally abandoned public transportation .
We can consider it as the main problem of traffic jam in the island .
They say , " there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
And for me , that 's totally non sense .
I believe that we can do it here .
In order to do that , it will cost us huge transformation .
Aside from a great blue - print of a well - organized transportation system , which covers a good 25 to 50 years planning , it also involves local culture .
It is definitely a hard job to do when we want to change People 's culture .
A conscience that a change is needed to create a better place for people to live should arise first .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling in a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to have each two to four of them trap in car , in other words one massive transportation measure against twelve or more cars on the same road .
The next is an understanding of what we can do to nature by changing our transportation measure .
Imagine the energy that we can keep and pollution that we can stop .
We can change , we have to change for a better future .
The world is constantly changing and technology is advancing fast .
This affects people 's lives considerably , so we can say that in 50 years , the lifestyle will be completely different to what we have today .
We can say 50 years ago we had not thought to have technology currently exists , such as Internet , TV , smartphones , etc .
Also lifestyle was completely different , the industry had not developed technology that now allows you to be more efficient and several people did the work now can be done with a few of them .
So , if technology continues to advance as it has done until now , lifestyle will change too .
Perhaps in 50 years more , we will live in a world where technology makes our life much easier , but at the same time we will be depending on it .
Dear Jo ,
I was very surprised to hear that you want to spend your year off from university in my countrey and I am also extremely flattered .
As you asked for my advice I would suggest to get a job in summer because you said you would only want to work for about three months .
I would recommend a job as a waitress because you do n't need much experience , and I know you do n't have any , and if you get a job in summer as a result you 'll be at the beach most of the time and you can spend the rest of the year visiting other places .
My favourite places to visit are from the area I live in and I would strongly recommend those due to the fact that we can also meet and I would be delighted to see you again .
The place where I enjoyed myself the most was " the Bran Castle " also known as Dracula 's castle .
It 's one of the most beautiful castels , in my opinion , and it represents the most important thing this countrey is known for and that is Dracula .
He was actually one of the rulers of this countrey and he 's real name was Vlad Tepes .
The reason he used to kill people was because they did n't respect the laws .
Another attraction which is a unique one is " the merry cemetery".It is famous for the colourful paintings on the tombstones describing , in a very original way , the prson buried there and their lives .
It once was just a simple cmetery but now it is an open air museum .
And if you want to have some fun also there are some fastivals that you might enjoy .
They are quite big and a lot of important artist come .
The biggest one in the countrey is in the cty where I live threfore you 'll have a place to stay and for free .
I hope my advice was useful and I look forwored to seeing you next year the ,
Andreea
I have two different reasons to explain why I want to study again at BSC in Oxford .
The first reason is because I already have studied there three years ago and it was a wonderful experience , I met very nice people from all over the world , I improved my English level thanks to very skilled teachers and I really enjoy my stay in Oxford .
The second is a pragmatic reason I have a five year degree and I worked for two years in a medical devices company but now I am unemployed .
In Italy is quite hard to find a job at the moment and I want to try a work experience in the UK but it is necessary to become more confident with my English and that is what I hope to obtain from the IELTS course .
I already know that it could be tough , especially to be far from my family and my girlfriend , but it is something that I feel could be right for me , and for my career .
The thing that worries me most is to get used to the English weather !
Public transport is common means of transport used in many countries ; Usually transport people in mass from one location to another ;
However as the countries develop and economy grows and life change , people change and standards of life change too ; The interaction factors that lead people to have their own a car is depending and limiting on several factors ; There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead to travel by public bus / train ; We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving an opportunity to people to opt and travel on own car or public transport ; In some countries there are separate lanes dedicated for public transport which help and facilitate the traffic on condition of heavy traffic ; With traffic technology solution owning a car is always better .
another factor we should consider is the public transport stops on the way to destination which require to plan and catch up public transport to avoid late arrival at your destination .
The subject , no future for public transport is ambiguous as the advantages and disadvantages are both consider on .
Welcome tourist :
This is a guide for you , I hope it can help you a little .
First at all , I want to explain the communication with the town ; a lot of people came by train , it is situated at the top of the town , is the best travel to yours because it is the most quickly , but proving that you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
There are many shops around the town , for example we have one that where children can make teddy bears whereas the parents can see them from the restaurant ; many children said that it was the best place in the world .
For adults we have a little old museum , where you can live one day like sixty years ago , so If you never have been in one , you should go because it is not cost so much , besides the museum has a kinder garden for the kids .
Apart from that the town is near the beach , and there we have many restaurants where you can eat while you are watching the waves on the sea .
Our personal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " is a muddy hotel because many years ago it had been a castle , as well you can sleep in the king bed and every night it has theatre where you can take a part in a play .
Dear Sir / Madam :
I am writing in reply to your advert , which was advertised in the local Newspaper on 31 May 2008 .
As you can see in the attached CV I have experience working with children of different ages .
During three years I babisitted my neighbor 's two daughters .
When I started they were of 3 and 6 years old and I loved to prepare crafts to do with them and usually I had to give them dinner .
In addition , the last three years I have been as voluntary in my tennis club , where I have developed different skills to organize activities , sports games and competitions for children from 6 to 14 years old .
I am an energetic , positive and outgoing person .
I enjoy doing whatever kind of sport with my friends .
Working with children I have learned to be more patient and moreover I am able to motivating them to do the best of themselves .
Also I have gained communicational skills speaking with the children and the families .
In order to work in the kitchen I am a really good cook and I used to help my parents every weekend .
Finally , although I usually speak Spanish , my second tongue is English .
Without doubts I am the person you are looking for and it is a job that I would be very excited to have .
I look forward to hearing from you ,
Sincerely
Susana .
Public transport is a useful way to commute from place to place , especially in big cities .
Besides its advantages are cheap and fast there are many disadvantages of taking bus or train such as time , quality of serving , and crowdedness .
it is said that instead of taking public transport , commuters will travel by car because of its convenience . in my opinion ,
public transport will be hardly replaced by travelling by car .
First of all , Public transport is used by many people who do not have cars like students and workers . They can afford to buy tickets .
For example , my student time , I used to take busses to go to school every day and come back home .
Secondly , The infrastructure in the big cities is not sufficient for all the cars .
Traffic jams always happen in the rush hours when there are so many cars on the road .
Fossil fuel is running out of resource .
It makes the petrol 's price increasing every day .
It has been affecting to the environment like climate change , increasing droughts , and flooding areas thanks to increasing the demands of using petrol for private cars .
In conclusion , public transport would be the excellent transportation method for the increasing demands of commuting .
Introduction
The aim of this report is to examine the available local transport usage and possible improvement .
Currently , the local transport available are buses and taxis .
Buses in need of repair
The most used public transport is the Bus .
The town is covered with more than thirty lines most of them with a duplicate performing the same path on the opposite direction .
However , Buses are mostly used by very young people and old people .
Children often use them to go to and back from school , and the older population , with increased problems seeing far away , prefer to use the bus to travel around the city .
In my opinion , the biggest problem with buses is that they are becoming very degraded , and in desperate need of repair .
Most of them do n't have air conditioning , meaning that in the summer they are tremendously hot , and some have problems with the windows that cause the bus to be extremely cold in winter .
The alternative - Taxis
For the average middle - aged person the logical option is to use a taxi .
Taxis are available throughout the city , and can be called by a simple phone message .
The bad side with taxis is that they are still very expensive , with all the extra taxes and different zones .
Recommendation
There have been rumors of the contruction of a Metro in our town .
That would be an excellent alternative to the current means of transportation , since they are fast , are n't affected by traffic , and they are generally cheaper ( since they rely on electricity ) .
Another option would be to create a system to rent bicycles ; this has been done in many cities with great results .
Hi David ,
that 's amazing , I just wanted to write you an sms and at the same time I 've received an email from you !
It 's great that your college mates want to visit South Bohemia .
I love this place so much !
I 'll recommend them lots of jewels that could be interesting for them for sure .
First of all , if they are staying in České Budějovice , they can spend there at least three days with sightseeing .
Anyway they must visit our main square with many historical buildings .
They can climb on " Black Tower " and listen to singing from the town hall .
There is a huge number of shops in the centre so what about doing shopping ? Sightseeing in this town is for tourists very convenient because they can reach everything on foot .
If the weather is nice , they could definitely take a trip to Kleť .
It 's the biggest hill where you can go on the lookout tower and it 's not far from České Budějovice .
There is an interesting observatory too and what 's more the best restaurant I have ever been in .
They must definitely order the best soup in the world .
The best way to get there is by car .
Český Krumlov is worth seeing as well .
There 's a pleasant historical centre and a monumental castle placed on the big rock .
They can see there 2 brown bears and lots of souvenirs shops too .
You can take a bus there .
I hope your friends'll be satisfied with my tips .
If you want to know more about the destination , just write me a message or give me a call .
All the best , Ivana
The statement given in the rubric proposes an issue of the future of pulic transport in developed countries .
I do n't agree with this viewpoint due to several reasons .
First of all , vehicles designed to carry large number of people can not be unnecessary in big cities .
Modern megapolises are suffering from surplus of automobiles .
It happens not only because of environmental aspect , but mental as well .
Regular citizens seem to be tired of eternal traffic jams and yards , filled with parked cars .
Thus , it is absolutely possible wish of average person , who spends most of the time in downtown , to replace a car for a bus or an underground .
The main reason is general fatigue from the huge number of vehicles around .
Secondly , taking into account of long - distance trips can not be avoided .
Whatever type of journey you took , you would be more likely to prefer using train or plane , because it would be much more convenient and would not demand any physical tension .
Mental one can not be excluded , but that is the different question .
Overall , there are a number of causes to disagree with the suggestion , that individual transport is getting more and more popular in comparison with public .
The only thing , that definitely should be changed in the future , is an approach to usage of cars powered by gasoline .
Near The Roquetas Concert Hall , it can be found a Japanese restaurant named " Ichiban " , opened a few years ago , it 's not well known yet , but this does n't prevent that quickly gets busy at the weekends at lunch time .
Although sometime it might be rather noisy , because of the people gathered there , I find its decor quite attractive and , as usual in this kind of restaurants , relaxing .
The staff is charming , helpful and pleasant as well .
However , it might be that you had to wait a while for your food to be served , but worth it .
You can choose from a variety of dishes in their menu - sushi , maki , " etc .
Different kinds of sashimi are offered - of mackerel , sea bass , octopus , butter fish .
The sashimi of salmon is my favourite one .
I have to mention the soups , especially the seafood soup .
Delicious !
It deserves to be mentioned the great variety of rice and noodles - with chicken , beef , prawns , vegetables .
All dishes are served with a careful presentation , are highly creative and very attractive to the eye .
A negative point of the restaurant , in my view , is the lack of a dessert menu .
As a conclusion , I recommend visiting " Ichiban Restaurant " , you 'll have the chance of enjoying a delicious meal in a certainly agreeable atmosphere .
Reflective Writing
I have done to take responsibility for my own learning .
Independent learning has become an indispensable part of finishing tertiary - level education successfully .
However , traditional teaching method , force - feed the students , has made me overly dependent on teachers in China , which has led me to follow teachers indiscriminately .
Compared with EAP course , it tend to be taken responsibility for finishing assessments independently , especially for academic writing .
Firstly , it was too difficult for me to hand in assessments on time , because I used to spend too much time on playing games without teachers supervision , so that I always did not have enough time for finishing academic assignments independently .
By this trend , I have became a procrastinator finally , which enabled me to face the problems of time management .
In this sense , the term , " time management " means the ability of controlling time on prioritizing tasks , and planning effective scheduling of time to balance study and work , and keeping concentration on motivating yourself to learning towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Develop a strategy in studying is vital .
Rowh ( 2006 ) states you will stay up late for accomplishing assessments before the deadline is due without planning in advance .
Therefore , the best way is leaving 30 minutes everyday for reading and beginning to read at once .
Based on examining my actual experience and research , I noticed that a gap , unsuccessful time management in independent learning is the root cause of these problems .
Then I made a few conscious changes that I began to manage duration for finishing my homework ahead of some weeks , as well as stopping procrastinating in the most important areas of my life .
As an independent learner , it is my sole responsibility to autonomic learning , which is a very important factor in future passing EAP1 successfully , as well as giving me an advantage in terms of coping with the challenges of future Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
The most historical place in Spain , it is the city of Cáceres .
It is in the south of Spain , there the weather is warm .
Cáceres is visited for many tourist every year .
Moreover , there are many things to see and do here .
At the beginning of the 7th century , Cáceres was conqueted by the Arabs .
They spent five centuries here .
At the end of the 14th century , Cáceres was conqueted by the Romans .
Therefore it is a multicultural and multirracial society .
On the other hand , Cáceres are divided in two main areas , the new city , which has modern and high buildings .
As well as the historical city , it is short and narrows streets .
The center of the historical city is the Big Square , there are mixed Arabs and Romas buildings , and two cathedrals .
The most important palace is Jorge 's palace .
Jorge was a kind , who won an important battle against Arabs .
To sum up , if I have to recommend a place , I will recommend Cáceres .
For several reasons .
In the first place , people are really fun and friendly .
In the second place , you would learn the history of Spain on these streets .
In the third place , this year Cáceres is the capital of the gastronomy in Spain .
My favourite restaurant is Chinnesse .
In Caceres we can eat Chinnesse food in Food house .
Some people do n't like this food , but in this restaurant you can eat other types of food , for example Spanish food and Mexican food .
The atmosphere in this restaurant is very good and very clean .
This restaurant is very big , we would n't have a problem .
Waitress and waiters are very friendly and funny .
This restaurant is buffet , we paid 15€/person and we can eat and drink all that you want .
From my point of view , this restaurant have one drawback , the waiters and waitress do n't go on the table , you should go to your food and drink .
I love this restaurant , the food is very delicious .
In this set of materials , the listening passage discusses advantages of alcohol and how they contribute to improve health , and personality and the reading contradict this by revealing down side of it .
In the listening passage , the professor discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it helps to reduce heart attacks and strokes by 40 percent , due to the fact that it reduce blood clot , and slowing the deterioration of brain function .
In addition , moderate drinking helps to keep healthy movement , because some researches has shown that people who drink moderately have less proportion of body fat , because alcohol speed up metabolism which makes calories burn quickly .
Moreover , it is stated that people who drink moderately have positive social behavior which means that they are more likely to establish contact than non - drinker , and they are more social , popular and they are likely to be married .
On the other hand , the reading contrast this by mentioning disadvantages of alcohol .
Firstly it is stated that alcohol lead to weight gain , because it has more calories per gram than any other drink , and it is mentioned in the passage that you need to walk a mile to lose calories of glass of wine .
Furthermore studies have shown that alcohol induce appetite which makes people consume more than they need .
For example researchers have found that belly fat is related to alcohol .
Second , alcohol can cause some serious health issues , especially cirrhosis of the liver , heart failure , brain damage and variety of cancers .
Third , alcohol takers tend to aggression and violence .
In fact studies shows that 86 percent of all homicides and 60 percent of sexual assaults , are linked to alcohol
With the development of globalization , there are varieties of impacts for different aspects of daily life .
People also have a discussion of its advantages and disadvantages .
This essay will describe both positive and negative influences of transportation in China by some examples .
Firstly , there is a benefit of globalization that people can buy some special products from various countries on the internet instead of buying in the production site .
So transportation of goods has become an important link for both the public and businesses .
In recent years , there are some different size of logistic companies have been hold , and different modes of transportation has developed rapidly .
For example , in the past the main transportations were ships , trains and trucks , so people had to wait long time for their parcels and letters .
However , now the increasing number of consumers and logistic companies has chosen airplanes which can save much time to transport their parcels .
Secondly , there is still a disadvantage of globalization on transportation in China .
The reason is that the development of globalization has let our country improve its economy .
However , because of the increasing standard of living , a growing number of people have chosen to travel which has brought a heavy pressure of transportation .
So in order to transport a huge number of visitors who are not only foreigners but also native people , the government and experts have to think some different ways to solve this problem .
For example , some cities like Beijing and Hangzhou have to limit the number of cars which come for traveling to decrease the pressure of transportation in sight spots and city centre .
In conclusion , globalization on the transportation has brought both positive and negative effect to Chinese people .
So in my opinion , people need to find right ways to let globalization push the standard of our living whereas discussing its advantages and disadvantages .
Bra is a small village of Italy and it is also my town .
Bra really takes care of the environment .
If you visit it you will probably appreciate all the innovations applied to save our environment .
For example all the members of the town council use bikes so they are a good example to all citizens .
So if you want a bike , to move easily , you have to make a card which allow you the access to all bikes situated in specified places in the city .
In my town cars do n't pollute .
They have green engines .
These engines use bio fuels so the environment is not affected .
I am really proud of my city because there are few .
I think if we want to protect our environment starting from the little things .
Nowadays it 's very important to be bilingual .
Speaking just your native language is not enough to work or to travel .
Moreover If you want to find good job you must able to speaking two or three language without any problem .
You should speak accurately and also fluent .
I know to speak three language .
My native language is Catalan because I 'm from Valencia .
Also I know Spanish and besides I 'm learning English right now .
I 'm living in Worcester one city from England .
I 'm au pair .
The last year I was in Poland and I could see how was important to speak English , with this idiom you can communicate with other people , no just English people if not with around the world .
When I was a child I did n't understand why I needed to learn English but now I can see how important it is , for this reason I 'm motivated to learn .
On the other hand I love travelling and in case that you know several language all will be easier .
You could understand the guide , the sign ...
you could enjoy a lot and learn more about different cultures .
On the contrary to learn language take a long time and you need to be patient .
Moreover the languages courses can be expensive in my opinion the best thing that you can do is move into other country it would be easier to stay motivated because you need to learn it to find a job or to make friends .
As far as I can see , it 's important to know languages no just your mother language .
I encourage everybody to learn languages .
It could be nice and give you more opportunity to do whatever you want and do n't lose heart at the beginning could be difficult but bit by bit you will see your progress .
With thousand years of built and fight for the liberty of our nation , we can be proud of our history .
Vietnam is a small country but had defeated two big nations which wanted to turn Vietnam into their colony .
With strong patriotism , Vietnameses nowadays are trying to develop the nation , to get in the globalization progress .
However , as a resident of the country , we can not forget about the history and about our ancestors services rendered to the nation as well as our culture and ideology .
As a reward for their efforts .
Each nation has their own historical places , Vietnam is not an outcast , we also have many historical places which help the younger generations to understand throughout about the past .
Those places will help them to take a close look about the root of our nation and learn how to appreciate our culture , custom and tradition .
We can mention many places such as Sword Lake , Hỏa Lò prison , Temple of Literature ...
Today , I will mention about one of the iconic places of Vietnam which you can not miss when travel to Vietnam .
It is Temple of Literature , the first university of the nation .
Temple of Literature was built in 1070 under the Ly 's dynasty .
In spite of wars and the destruction of time , Temple of Literature is still preserved in good shape until now .
We can still see many ancient structures which show the main trend of architecture at that time .
As many other Asian country , in the past , we were greatly influenced by the ideology system of Confucius , a philosopher from China .
He built up a system which based on 4 essential relationships in the society .
The lessons that scholars at that time were received , most of them were about his ideology .
Otherwise , they learned mostly about literature , poetry .
We can briefly describe the overall structure of Temper of Literature which consists of six parts .
Firstly , there were 3 main gates , the center one only for the king , the left side one was for administrators , the right site one was for military .
Scholars only could enter by a small gate from aside .
Then there are five courtyards from the first one to the fifth one from outside to inside .
One remarkable , featured point about Temple of Literature is the people who passed 4 rounds of examination , then gained position titles would be graved their names on the stone grave carried on stone turtles .
Right at the moment entering , you can see them from two sides of the courtyards .
Temple of Literature is a hollow place for students even now .
Before the university entrance examinations , many students come here and wish for their luck .
Temple or Literature ( or Imperial Academy ) can be seen as the most featured historical place in Vietnam .
It contains not only the history but also the culture , customs also it is the first official institute which you can not miss out .
I do a lot of sports for example : cycling , karting , football and basketball but my favourite sport is swimming because I have done this sport since 1995 with my grandfather .
I love swimmming because if you are angry or your job is very stressful , you will feel well after thirty minutes on a pool .
Also , you meet a lot of people while you practise sport .
This is a relaxing sport because while you are swimming you can think in your life .
Other good point about this sport is that you should move all part of your body .
Actually , this sport is very healthy , so some doctors are recomending this type of sport .
You can do different sports on the pool for example : swimming , water aerobics , Olympic diving or diving .
If you begin to practise this sport , you should wear goods snorkeling glasses and you should warm up five minutes before you get into the pool .
Besides , you can have could shower after and before that you do swimming , this is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water of the pool and if you get into the pool very fast you can have a problem with your body temperature .
Topic : Mt . Fuji
In Japan , there are many interesting places to visit .
For example , Kyoto is a popular place to visit because it has a lot of invaluable temples .
Sapporo is an attractive place because raw fish and vegetables are fresh and nice to eat .
Among these places , Mt .
Fuji is the most wonderful place in Japan because its scenery is so beautiful , it is a popular place and it offers several exciting activities .
The first reason is Mt .
Fuji has very beautiful scenery .
For instance , in winter , Mt .
Fuji changes to a white face by snow .
The white Mt .
Fuji is very beautiful , so it has been the subject of countless works of art such as the ' Thirty - six Views of Mt. Fuji ' , a series of " ukiyo - e " paintings by Hokusai .
Also , in summer , almost all the snow on Mt Fuji melts and it changes to brown and green colors .
At a summer sunset , Mt .
Fuji is so majestic that many pictures and paintings have been done of Mt .
Fuji at sunset .
Depending on the season , Mt .
Fuji makes various beautiful sights and it always fascinates many people .
The second reason is that Mt .
Fuji is a popular mountain .
People who come here are so many .
A lot of travelers and climbers come to climb the mountain and more than 200,000 people climb to the top of Mt .
Fuji in a year .
In addition , many cameramen and painters come to record the beautiful landscape of Mt .
Fuji .
Also , many observers of weather , stars or space come here , since this is an important place to observe weather , stars and space .
The last reason is that Mt .
Fuji offers several exciting leisure activities .
Climbing to the top of Mt .
Fuji is allowed in late July and August .
To climb to the mountaintop is not easy because the height is more than 3,700 meters .
However , numerous climbers come to experience seeing the very beautiful view such as the exquisite rising sun from Mt .
Fuji .
Besides , a marathon takes place ever year .
This marathon is very hard due to severe conditions of low oxygen and a steep slope , so people who are proud of strong body try this marathon .
Furthermore , around Mt .
Fuji , there are five beautiful lakes and many hot springs .
These offer a camping , fishing , cruising , and taking a hot spring bathing with a nice view .
Enjoying an activity with a nice view is relaxing to people .
Japan has a lot of good places for relaxing , but the best place is Mt .
Fuji .
Mt .
Fuji has beautiful scenery , it is popular and it offers exciting activities for people .
Mt .
Fuji will continue to give wonderful impression to many people forever .
Story
The doorbell ran .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise as there was nobody standing .
NO one at all .
I could only feel a hot , smelly stream of wind . '
There must have been a naughty child ' I thought without worrying .
Later on the week I was doing the dishes when the kitchen door suddenly opened for no reason however I felt the same hot wind in my face and the same funny smell .
That was when I first started to believe that something wrong was happening at home .
The next time it happened to me such a thing I felt no wind but this particular stink .
It was as if somebody was cooking some cauliflower .
At that time I was unemployed so I was n't able to move house and as I was n't afraid of it I had to put up with those strange events .
So I decided not to pay any attention to it and carry on with my normal life .
Now I have to admit that I have a problem I am sharing home with a ghost or two but I do n't mind as long as he or she leaves me alone .
My name is Cristina and I am 19 years old . I think I am the suitable person because I have been working with children for quite long .
My parents both have been working since I was 12 so I had to take care of my little sister , who is four years younger than me .
Moreover , I love spending time with children .
For this reason I have been doing three courses during this year .
These are quite interesting and have helped me to know deeper children 's pleasures .
I have learnt a lot of activities which let them have fun at the same time they get in touch with nature .
I am able to cook some delicious dishes too .
My grandmothers used to run a restaurant and she taught me some Italian recipes .
I have to practise more , but I think I am qualified enough to do this activity .
I am available all summer so I could start to work whenever you would need to .
I would like to know as soon as possible whether you are hiring me since I have to look for a cheap and good qualified air company which I can afford .
Please contact me if you needed any more information about me .
Best wishes .
Good afternoon .
My name is John , I 'm twentynine years old and I live in Romania .
This month on the 9'th I 'm going to have an oral and writing examination on my English language knowledge .
The English language is a foreign language for me , but I have studied it for ten years and hopefully I will manage to pass the exam .
I am particularly concerned about my speaking skills and I hope I will not be so nervous in front of the teachers .
The exam is assumed to be on professional matter .
Subjects like passport , travel document , third country citizen , inhuman treatment or punishment will be the main criteria to the exam .
I have three more days to prepare myself better , but to be honest I 'm not in the mood of studying .
I 'm going to travel all the way to the capital of my country , approximately three hundred and fifty kilometres .
I called a girl who is a colleague of mine from another airport .
She said she will join me for the exam .
In fact she will also participate in the exam .
Hopefully I will pass the exam and will attend the English course for a month .
Afterwards I will have the right to take part to the intarnational missions for maintaining the peace under the patronage of the European Union .
I wish to come back happier .
Dear Ms / Mr ,
I am writing in regard to the environmental problem you are researching .
First of all , I am going to present to you some general information about the environment in our village .
- Our village has only 200 citizens , therefore the amount of rubbish produced in year is insignificant to the environment in our area .
- There in a recycling facility near our village and 80 percent of the rubbish is being recycled .
- 60 percent of the houses in the village have solar panels .
Secondly , I am going to inform you on how our citizens are tryinq to keep the area clean .
- There are cleaning campagnes twice a year .
- There are separate rubbish bins for plastics , metal and glass in the whole area .
Lastly , I am going to explain how is our village kept attractive .
- Last year there was a campage for renewing and repairing the most attractive parts of the village .
All the important buildings and monuments had been cleaned and repainted .
In conclusion , I would say that our village is an example for environmentally conscious city .
I hope this report informed you fully on the environmental situation in our villge .
Sincerely yours ,
Kalina Yevtushenkova .
Report : How Budapest takes care of its environment ?
It 's very hard to organise a big city 's rubbish delivery system and to keep the city clean .
In connection with the first issue , Budapest completes the task very well .
In Budapest the rubbish is collected separetely .
In the new buildings there are usually dustbins for each material ( glass , plastic , etc . ) , and around the older buildings there are more and more separate dustbins .
So , almost everybody , who lives in Budapest , has the chance to use this form of rubbish collection .
It would be logical that we recycle the garbage as much as possible , and there are factories , where they use this technique , but in Budapest we usually do n't use much recycled goods recently .
And it is a serious problem , because in the not so distant future we wo n't be able the handle the garbage - it wo n't be enough space where we could deposit that .
An another ( one could say the most ) important question about a capital city is : how clean is it ?
In that area Budapest accomplishes very awful .
In spite of the number of the cleaners , the town is dirtier than Vienna or Prague .
Naturally it 's mainly depends on us : if we could put our garbage into the dustbin , instead of letting it on the streets , it would be easier to keep it clean .
However , it would n't be impossible to collect the rubbish and clean the streets more often - it 's just a matter of organisation .
Since yoga entered my life I try to change my common view of many things .
My lifestyle is among them .
Ecological situation is seriously bad not only in my city but in my country in general .
Rubbish recycle is the biggest problem in Kyyiv in my opinion .
All the rubbish is taken to the huge dump a few kilometres off the city .
What a smell !
But people mostly do n't care about it .
We keep on generating rubbish and using harmful things .
Still we use plastic bags and bottles , phosphate detergents , throw batteries away .
Not to mention diapers and sanitary towels , paper napkins and many other things .
Unfortunately we do n't separate rubbish .
Can you imagine why ?
Because recycling is hardly developed here , in Ukraine .
There 's no factories and plants to recycle all these materials , though we 've already got special yellow bins for paper and glass in the city streets .
For a very long time I 've been doing my best to separate rubbish and then , it was really bright summer morning , I saw that special yellow bin for paper and glass was emtied by the same car with the other rubbish ...
Yellows bins was carried away from our yard in a few days .
Once again there 's only one bin for every group of rubbish .
Dear Sir or Madam .
I have just read your advertisement at your page for recruitment people in summer camps all over the USA .
First of all I have provided experience working with children in that range of age .
I have taken courses about First Aid Kit even I am doing a course as a personnel training for children with some delay and disability .
Secondly , I have been working in a restaurant for more than five years .
Starting there , beginning as a dishwasher , being promoted until I got the main position as a Chef .
On my spare time I work in a non profit organization as a clown .
I have been learning English for 8 years after that I sat for FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I pass the exam , I start preparing a cetificate advance in English exam even more I could demonstrate my English skill , writing and spoken .
I have further professional and personal references .
Finally , I am suitable to have an interview if you consider positively my qualifications .
I will be waiting for your reply .
Yours faithfully ,
DANTE LOZANO .
The fact that " shopping is not always enjoyable " might be considered an universal truth .
Although it is true that shopping might not be a very interesting topic , it must be stated that it is necessary .
There are many different kinds of shopping : e.g. clothes , groceries , furniture , instruments , etc .
It all depends on what you are about to buy .
When it comes to clothes there are also different kinds of people , the ones who do it for necessity and the ones who do it for joy .
The former might not be so enjoyable whilst the latter , obviously , does it for enjoyable purposes .
Groceries and furniture , as well as instruments , follow the same pattern .
It all depends on the type of person buying it , their personality and a wide range of other characteristics which will not be covered now .
In last place , it is undoubtedly influenced by the place in which you are buying ( i.e. the room , the organization , the prices , the distance , etc ) and the unknown people who are in it which may cause trouble or facilitate your shopping and make it more enjoyable .
These factors will be explained in another occasion .
In conclusion , shopping might be both : enjoyable or not .
In order for it to happen , a range of different variables have to take place .
Although there are a lot of people who strongly believe the best way of travling around the city is by motorbike , there is also a big part of the society who is sure it has too many drawbacks to be worth buying one .
Owning a motorbike has advantages .
One very important positive aspect is that , thanks to the small amount of petrol it needs , the keeping of a motorbike is considerably economical .
In addition , as it is smaller than a car , parking becomes much less complicated .
Besides , for the same reason , it is easier to avoid traffic jams .
On the other hand , motorbikes do also have drawbacks .
For example , the lack of safety , which raises the probabilities of getting hurt if an accident occurs .
Another disadvantage this kind of vehicle has is the low number of passengers who can travel on a motorbike consequently not everybody finds it convenient or comfortable owning one .
In conclusion , owning a motorbike can be useful or useless depending on the lifestyle you have , your economic status , and the number of people you need to travel with .
Have you ever been in trouble , which type of transport you should take ?
I was , too !
Let 's imagine : you can choose between plane , train and boat .
If you must come a long way , then you 'll probably opt for travelling by plane ...
It 's a good idea , but ... I 've got an aviophobia !
It makes my every journey unpleasnt and I feel uneasy all the week before the flight .
But excluding cases like mine : flying is the fastest , the most safe and often the cheapest way to travel .
We can take a trip by boat .
But this mode of transport is n't so comfortable , esspecialy when we must travel onshore , then it 's complicated because travelling by boat is allowed only by the sea or any sizeable river , which courses are usually placed less conveniently than roads or even railway tracks .
In that case it indicates that my favourite way to travel is train !
For me it has some very important advantages , like that you do n't stand in traffics , reductions for students , low risk of accidents , potentiality of sleeping , eventuality of travelling with bike or other big luggage .
Most railway lines are quite spruce and for me , travelling by train is pleasure !
In my opinion , everything depending on our preferences , but train is general - purpose means of transport , I recommend it !
My favorite sport is badminton , which I have played for seven years and touched this sport when I was in junior high .
At first , I 'm not interested in it , since I did n't any idea how to play , as I had only played basketball and volleyball , however , I did n't enjoy these two at all .
Moreover , I also did n't like to do exercise which was tired and my strength was extremely weak that every time when measure 800 kilometers I always ranked the last three .
But when I decided to sit aside and chatted with my friends , one of my male friends , who has still kept in touch at present , asked me to play together .
After he got the reason why I did n't have any desire to play , he told me to give myself a try , and if I still did n't like it , he would't force me .
Then , he taught me how to play , for example , when hitting , used the strength of the whole arm and did not just used elbow , or you would feel tired shortly .
While playing , I rejoiced at this exercise , because I have never sweated so much and felt refreshed before .
The funniest thing to me was that I thought I were a kid who studied kindergarten for the way he taught .
When hitting ball back successfully , he would say ' ' good , keep going or you did it '' .
Hitting ball again and again , I learned I loved badminton unconsciously , which not only includes running but also concentrating .
Badminton is an easy sport that everyone can try , just focus on ball and hit it back .
In addition , before playing , must warm up your body and relax your muscle after playing in case suffered injuries .
Attn . : Mrs Kate Ashby
Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am writing to apply for a chance to work at weekends in your cafe as advertised .
I am now a housewife .
Cooking for my family is one of my hobbies , and I am therefore fond of finding different kinds of food .
In addition , having been equipped with my rather good English - speaking skills and cross - cultural communication skills obtained during the working time as a receptionist for a Canadian mining company , I feel very confident and amicable while dealing with customers .
Last but not least , I am willing to work for long hours if required .
With such qualities , I strongly believe that I will do this job very well .
Another reason I apply for this job is that it will be really a good chance for me to help partly increase my income at this time and improve my family 's living conditions .
I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Your consideration and acceptance of my application will be much appreciated .
Yours sincerely ,
Tong Sun Ku
The world where we live now is more suitable for young people , as many could say and prove , even though , in some countries , older people can have a decent life without depending on young people .
Unfortunately , the reality impels me to admit that young people has more opportunities to enjoy life because of all the technological advance that older people tend to not understand well .
Also , because of the fact that the urbanization have not helped most countries to adapt the cities into places more accessible to senior people .
The new technologies are something that we can not love without anymore .
But , unfortunately , the new gadgets can be very difficult to manage or master , especially for the part of the population who did not learn about them while they were children or students at the university ( older people ) .
I am one of the fortunate people who was born on the technological era , which means that I have had access to computers , gps and mobiles , for example , since I was a little child .
The technological equipment help me in my daily life in a way that I can no longer travel or even commute in my city without them .
The fact that these utensils are familiar for youth make them helpful and useful .
On the other hand , to someone who did not have these when they were more young and active , such as grandmothers and grandfathers , the new instruments are just things that they can not use nor understand .
The older people are limited in their abilities to use technology that could be valuable to provide enjoyable times at home , on the street , in a museum , etc .
Another transformation , which is corollary from the advances that humanity have been seeing lately , is the modification in the cities and our living habits .
Since last century , the world population is more present in the bigger cities , which , as a result , have been increasing in size and in problems .
The urbanization implemented by government across the decades in the cities are sometimes not suitable for all public .
For instance , older people or the ones with disabilities have great difficult to use the metro system because of the number of stairs .
My mother is a perfect study of case for me because she can not well the transportation system in Paris or New York without been lost and very tired from all the walking that she has to do when commuting .
The mobility of older people is certainly reduced if compared with a younger person .
Sometimes , the lack of solutions to the reduced capacity of movement around on big cities compels the older population to stay at home .
In this case , they do not have the possibility to go out and enjoy the benefits that cities may bring to their lives .
Therefore , the new technologies and the transformation in the cities are very beneficial for the younger part of the population who is capable of understanding how to manage the modern instruments and use all kinds of transportation .
On the other hand , for the older people , the modernisation that we experience is an obstacle for them to enjoy all that there are out there .
The Active Leisure Club
Introduction
The aim of this report is to give my opinion about the facilities and services the Active Leisure Clubs .
Facilities
In general the facilities are well preserved but the majority of the users think that the installation should have an improvement in the baskteball and tennis courts maybe the bathroom should be remodelled .
Advantages
The Club is located in the city centre and it 's very clean .
The workers are very kind and simpathetic and enjoy teaching .
In other words I could say that is the best Club I know .
Desadvantages
The activities are expensive .
I believe that it would be a good idea to fall in the cost of some activities .
Curiosly the Club is closed On Saturday evenings and on Sunday .
However , the majority of users want to use the Club at weekends and to spend their free time here .
Recommendations
It 's recommend improving the facilities , falling in the price and opening every day until 10.00 p.m.
Since car was invented , we have been seeing a large increase of cars ' production and of its use .
In early days , public transport system was n't very efficient , as it was in its beginning .
There were few buses and they would take to long , therefore waiting time was quite high .
However , as time went by , improvement has been made in public transport .
Nowadays , they got modern and comfortable and they are n't as late as they used to .
Travelling by car might be more pleasant but it can also be costly , for fuel can be very expensive depending on the current economy .
With regards to traffic , travelling by public transport can also be quicker , as there is a bus lane and no traffic for tube .
However , over the past years , people have been travelling mostly by car which seems to have led to higher levels of air pollution .
This is undoubtedly an important environmental issue that should definitely have our attention .
In spite of all campaigns aiming the less use of the car but more of the public transport , people still seem to prefer to travel by car .
Celebrities and their life take intrinsic place in lifes of contemporary people .
The process of becoming this fact real and common in our society began about 100 years ago and what is really absorbing , nearly 95 percent of advanced society can not imagine the world without any kind of information about famous people and their existence at all .
The question is if it is good to take a leaf out of their book and I am going to talk around it .
It is good to have your unique value system , but the stories about people who have been doing good affects you and your future decisions .
Probably if you hear about heroic attitude you will be able to do without doubts something magnificent as well .
In this way I think that is good to look up to some celebrities who are righteous .
The second thing is that if you are in trouble you 'll feel better than usual because of well - known dramas based on factual stories which happened to the famous people .
How the English say : better the devil you know .
There are dangers which appear because of overthinking about stars and comparing yourself to them - it is called low self - assessment .
Even if you would like to be up to date with the latest news from celebrities ' private life and professional career you have to remember that the media distorts reality .
If something is n't catchy will not catch the poeple attention .
The press editors often alter details thereupon they get selling well material .
If you believe that the media says true you are wrong .
To sum up , I believe that it is really important to strike a balance and keep it during your whole life .
Of course you can look up to the celebrities but you have to be aware of the consequences .
Each kind of guiding light help us , but the most important is to choose the right and accurate person .
INTRODUCTION
The aim of this report is to describe Schedrin 's School of arts for children and youth .
It is one of the best places in our town where teenagers can develop their artistic skills .
GOOD POINTS
The school provides lots of different activities for those who are interested in music , drawing , dance and theatre .
Students are taught by the highly qualified staff .
More than that , all the classes are free .
The atmosphere at school is very creative .
During the whole school year a great number of exhibitions , concerts and performances are given by pupils themselves and by invited musicians and artists as well .
BAD POINTS
The worst thing about the school is that not everyone can be accepted to study there .
Children have to take entrance examination .
The other thing is that students are not able to refuse attending some classes they do not like because those are considered to be a part of an educational standard for the particular artistic area .
CONCLUSION
It is definitely worthwhile to study there , although it is advised to let students choose the activities they prefer .
phenomenon of homeless people became a serious problem and many countries can not solve this problem .
The number of these people is increasing not just in the developing countries but all over the world .
In my opinion , homeless people are victims because nobody wants to live without a shelter .
First of all , being without home is a horrible problem .
One of the major reasons for this problem is wars especially in the Arab countries like Syria , Libya and Yemen .
Everyday on news We see the refugees who are in a miserable condition .
They live in tents that do not protect them of cold weather or dangerous insects .
They do not have enough food .
In addition , financial crisis , almost of the companies has a financial problem so the ideal solution for them is downsizing .
After a while the people who are laid off will not have enough money to live , and they will become homeless people .
Furthermore , children street is a result of families troubles .
Cases of divorce are increasing and many children escape and prefer to live in the street instead of home full of problems .
As opposed to the idea above , some people believe that homeless people are criminals and they cause danger on our society because they need money and food so they can steal or kill for this .
To conclude , the world has a complicated issue , so The governments and the charitable organization must take a quick decision and put a real solution to solve this problem .
The homeless people are human beings and they must take their rights in life .
Just pull yourself together , Tom !
After the second false start you 'd be disqualified and then you can kiss victory goodbye , - that 's how I mentally tune myself , - Take it easy !
There is a four hundred distance and ten barriers ahead - that 's where you 'll show what you got .
I wo n't lose , not this time .
I look around tribunes : there are n't so many people despite the fact that today an Australian Hurdle Champion of the season will be defined .
Well , may be it 's for the best - less pressure .
Although whom am I deceiving ... - I 'm thinking and nervously stretching out stiff neck .
- The pressure is so high that it can be used as a gasoline to fly to Space .
Six other sportsmen are shaking like minnow grounded by chance .
I must be looking like them from the side .
Everyone 's nervous except for Jerome Tanny , last years champion famous for his threatening prestart grin , that we all call " Shark 's Smile " .
Tanny is a human - rocket that 's warming up on a neighbor track line .
I know that my old man Navarro is the one to have sweaty hands now !
Even from here I can see his anxious look and the way he 's fidgeting on a bench .
That 's strange but before the start my thoughts as if an old steam locomotive are going to those depths of memory which really hard to get to in ordinary life .
Owing to the increase of population , human beings use more land to build houses , which leads to the decline of forest rates .
The large - scale building projects do let human have homes , but not the animals .
Thousands acres of forests to be destroyed , letting the climate change .
Our cities put off to much carbon dioxied , making the gobal warmer .
Thus , the winter becomes colder , and the summer becomes hotter .
The change of climate leads a lot of terrible things to breaking out .
The floods , droughts , and famines , all of these making great effects to human and animals , for instance , the loss of properity , the missing of people , which is not good for the development of human beings .
For one thing , animals do not have homes , so some of them become endangered species , worse still , dying out .
For another thing , human will be hard to get close to the nature , and the noises of cities will do harm to human 's health .
I think that efforts must be taken quickly to protect our homes by goverments .
Firstly , the population should be controlled , if human still increase rapidly , there is no more room for human .
Secondly , governments should teach their people how to protect the environment , such as destroying the farmland too much is a bad choice .
Thirdly , reserves should be put up to provide room for animals , and we can help the endangered animals in this way .
Finally , governments should ues the space properly , like making plans before set up building , estimating the effects to human and animals .
Yesterday , I was asked to write an article about my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is running .
Yes just running .
Most people would say that running is just the most annoying sport ever .
They would just do if they have to .
But I enjoy myself so much doing this sport even if it 's just running around .
Running keeps you fit in two ways as you get your body and you mind active and healthy .
Going for a run is the best way to get your mind free and to think about nothing .
Moreover , your brain gets oxygen and your body gets movement .
Your blood is now able to circulate easily through your vanes .
I do n't mind that everyone complains about how awful running is .
Running will ever be my favorite sport !
Dear camp director ,
I think I can be the right person for this job , I 'm really patient and I really liove to be with kids , play with them and taking care of them , I always have fun with them .
I have 6 youngest brothers , 4 girls and 2 boys and everytime my parents go out for a job interview , dinner , to the movies , etc .
I always stay home and take care of them , I invent games for them to have fun and they also can learn with them , sometimes I take them to the sports club I work on , I 'm a swimming teacher and on my freetimes on the afternoon I 'm with them in the pool having fun , playing and teaching them to swim .
I also know a lot of cooking because in junior high I took cooking leassons and I learned a lot of variety of plates and snaks .
Ihope you consider me for this job .
Thankyou for your time , have a good day !
Paulina
Dear Barbara .
What a great new !
I am very keen on PC games too .
What game are you playing ?
We should meet online to play together .
Do you know " Steam " ?
It is a great online shop where you can save a lot of money .
In fact you probably spend more money than you save , because you will want to buy all their catalogue .
Regarding your question I am playing " Trine 2 " since last week .
I recommend it to you .
It has wizards , witches , knights , thieves , goblins , but it make you think too .
Wishing seeing you soon .
Faithfully yours .
My favourite sport are slalom .
Most of the people I know do n't know what you are doing if you are training slalom .
But I am going to tell you about it .
Let 's get started with the basics .
Your position .
To ski well you need do push your body forward .
It should be a strait line trough your toes , knees and shoulders .
You need to use your muscles in your stomach to stay in the right position .
Another thing that is important is the angle .
The body parts that help you to get a big angle is your toes , knees , hips and shoulders .
A turn starts with your toes , and then your knees and then your hips .
When you start training in course you need to think about were you turn .
You should do the turn before the stick so you can start next turn right after you pass the stick .
The best thing with this sport is the feeling .
The wind blowing in your hair , the speed and that you have control of what is happening .
It also fun because you can notice that you are getting better all the time .
Personal experiences
In the first place I tell you who are the most important people in my life .
This is a question that I struggle to answer , but I have to claim the most important person in my life was and is my marvellous father .
He led me through the branch of life and taught me to know how is the best way to follow .
He is always on my mind even though he is not physically .
My mother always helps me to choose the best option too .
I must be honest and I have to comment about no less important people for me , as such my best friend .
His name is Pepe .
He is always with me even in the worst moment .
I still remember when I failed my last exam , although I passed it later .
He never left me alone .
He also cooks tasty meals and give me them .
We often go out together to the cinema , have a walk , do the shopping , meet our friends , etc .
We both enjoy being with a few close friends .
To sum up , I have to say there are too many people in my life , but few person so kind like I just mentioned .
In our modern life money has always been presented as something really important .
Many people think that you need much money to be happy .
My opinion is that a minimum of money is only necessary .
This should be enough to feel you happy like a comfortable blanket does .
It start with your work life .
At this moment you need money to acquire the necessary to build an happy life .
Without enough money you will not be able to be in good shape to work .
Also , if you get enough you will be able to acquire your own home to see your future family growing inside it .
One say that having money to buy the latest gadget feel you happy .
Actually , if it 's the case , the happiness will be only for a short time .
The time of the gadget fashion .
In conclusion , I 'm pretty sure that you do n't need much money to be happy .
You need just the necessary to get an happy long life .
The urban myth that statues could move makes the contemporary people frightened .
And the Doctor Who , Sci - Fi TV series of BBC , exteriorized this terror from the Weeping Angels .
They appeared first in Blink , one of the Doctor Who episodes .
After Blink was broadcasted , it raised common fears about statues to tele - viewers in Britain and over the world .
According to the recent polls in 2007 and 2012 carried out by the British magazine , Radio Times , the Weeping Angels were picked as the most scariest villain of the Doctor who twice by about half of respondents .
These results are interesting because Weeping Angels are not the old adversaries of Doctor , like the Daleks exterminating all organic and inorganic things in the whole universe or the Cybermen transforming all living things into cyborg .
Then , what makes the Weeping Angels frightening ?
To figure out the factors , uncanny theory is used .
Uncanny theory explains an uncomfortable sensation originated from perceiving something familiar as unfamiliar .
This weird feeling is especially caused by experiencing something dead or non - living as life - likeness .
In Blink , Weeping angels ' uncanny traits and awkward backgrounds in the drama make audience have a scary and unfamiliar sensation .
It is hard to read the Weeping Angels ' thoughts and emotions from their ash - pale face .
They look unnatural , in spite of their similar appearances with human .
Usually , they tend to hide their face , since angels could not move free when they watch each other .
And expressions in their eyes are completely lacklustre , due to the deficiency of pupil .
Also , their facial expressions are almost flat as dead pans .
These factors make angels more grotesque psycho - pass assassin .
Then , it seems that these statutes might lose their spirits , only when they got our gaze .
By the way , the exterior traits of Weeping Angels are not enough to make people scared .
But when it comes to their interior factor , the uncanny feelings are maximised by turning unconscious physiological reaction into conscious one .
The angels move and attack free , only when people blink their eyes or turn around their sight away .
However , people blink their eyes several times a minute and they are hardly aware of blinking .
After the Doctor 's warning , they may not turn our back , look away , and blink as we are protagonists of the episode .
Because it seems like , if we do that , angels will come out from TV and attack us !
Then , strangely , blinking our eyes becomes conscious behaviour .
Moreover , there are good scene settings to make people not blink by immersing audience in that situation .
In several scenes , Weeping Angels , the lonely assassins , never shift their positions and postures , even though protagonists and supporting players blink , look away or turn their backs .
Why do they not move , even if their prey is near ?
The reason is that TV viewers watch them simultaneously .
To change the pose of the horrific statues technically , directors hide the angels by actors closing and opening the door or conceal the angels behind the actors through panning cameras horizontally , for a moment .
At last , directors fade out the scenes flicking out the light bulb in basement for maximizing the threat of Weeping Angels !
At last , Blink fills people with dread about the circumstances they live in by feeling unfamiliar .
After Sally , the heroine of Blink , takes the TARDIS key away from Weeping Angels in the deserted house , they shadow her quietly , as if they might be laid there for a long time .
For instance , the angels camouflage themselves as monument of tomb in grave yards , carvings of the cathedral on the streets , and ornamental carvings in front of an antique police office .
Consequently , it makes audience unfamiliar with their circumstances .
Then tele - viewers are terrified at the basis of their livelihoods and people grab up blankets tight !
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She began to study at the prestigious University .
Her family was very proud of her .
She was the first of her siblings to follow that path .
That was a great responsibility for her , as well as prestige .
Anna feared , that she would have difficulties to cope up with the expectations .
However , aquaintances of her , the students at the University , comforted her .
They assured Anna that she will be granted success due to her knowledge and diligence .
Moreover , her field of studies was medicine , which was her dream .
Her grandfather , first doctor in the family , was her authority .
The greatest wish of her life was to work alongside him in the hospital .
The first step was made .
From now on , Anna would have to direct her attention to making grandfather proud of her degrees .
She intended to prove that medicine is suitable field of study for her .
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
It seems that the most popular sport in the whole world is football because it keep all people united so that is why I love this sport and not only because of that , but it makes me feel very excited and it involves a lot of emotion as well then Do you enjoy watching or playing football ?
Surprisingly when you are practicing this sport you improve your velocity and coordination too , so it could be an interesting point to taking up if you are not involved in it .
Personally what I can say is that practicing this sports make me feel strongly lively and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it especially during the world cup .
Curiously there are many ways for taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport so what I advise you to do is do some exercise before you go in the pitch , so it not only prevent you to suffer from spraid or other kind of injuries but maintain you active to keep your game level .
I am encouraging to those people who do not like practicing sport that it the best way to maintain your own health
In Japan , there are many rules are set in the Sento .
They are usually aiming to avoid the hygienic problems .
Potential issues such as rule violation and conflicts may be arose because the foreigners may not understand the rules .
Japanese , as pointed out by Trompenaars ( cited in Morrison , 2006 ) , is highly influenced by the values of universalism .
Similarly , the high level of uncertainly avoidance and the low level of indulgence ( Hofstede 1994 ) cause the Japanese society seems to be obedient and self - disciplined .
The main reason for Japanese that they always follow the rules is to respect and hope not to cause any confusion to other users .
Also , Japanese think highly of the enjoyment of bathing in a clean environment .
As a result in Australia , conflicts may be caused due to the high level of indulgence and individualism in Australian culture ( Hofstede 1994 ) , people may usually emphasize in their self - satisfaction and think of themselves first instead of the public .
They may not consider the public interest and not give precedence to other users .
Consequently , the bathing pool may face the hygienic problems , such as someone does not wash before bathing , and scrambling issues .
In order to achieve cost efficiency , the choice of locations and decor must be thoroughly considered .
A location whether it has sufficient quantity of water or not is the essential consideration .
Rental cost is also a limitation as it is relatively higher in Australia .
Dear John ,
I am writing to recommend a place you should definitely visit while you 're in Poland .
The place I 'm writing about is Wawel Royal Castle in Cracow .
It is not only one of the most important monuments in the whole country but also a beautiful place to visit .
It is a majestical castle conviniently located on the river .
It 's a huge breath - taking complex of historical buildings and royal gardens .
The place is fascinating , because it is loaded with history and nice to spend a day and relax in royal gardens .
I also recommend going to the vaults under the cathedral , where since the 16th century many kings and famous Polish people have their graves .
The Wawel Royal Castle is an obligatory place to see , while visiting Poland .
It is well known in the whole of Europe and many foreigners are coming to Poland just to see the Cracow city and among other things the Wawel Castle .
I also thoroughly recommend Cracow in general as a place to visit , because it is beautiful , full of other worth - seeing monuments , cute small cafes , various choice of restaurants and vivid hotels with great views on the riverside .
I hope you will describe your impressions about the city after visiting it .
I 'm looking forward to a response from you .
Yours faithfully
Evidences show that many natural system have been affected by climate changes , particularly by temperature raises .
I think it is time we start taking environmentally friendly attitudes to help the planet .
First of all , as dioxides and carbons gases have been increasing ozone pollution worldwide in big cities , awareness campaigns should be promoted to highlight the alternative usages of transportation .
Also , the adoption of bicycles and walking , for instance , seems to be a responsible attitude to the planet .
In addition , water pollution is , as well , a global problem , as so many industries dump a large amount of waste into rivers and lakes and also human waste and rubbish end up in the water .
A solution could be done by improving recycling , waste disposal and even , by cleaning up shorelines .
Moreover , life may not be possible for the future generations , unless we start from now using renewable sources of energy , like green , to promote sustainability and improve energy efficiency avoiding side effects to the planet .
To conclude , I firmly believe that we can reduce damages and global warming by adopting environmentally friendly attitudes , as the use of green and clean energy sources .
During the lesson I have been very impressed by Socrative ( www.socrative.com ) , therefore I decided to devise a quiz about HTML and CSS .
I planned a mock test about the course followed by the students as homework ( they have been spending about two weeks studying the course ) .
Students do the check ( tablet or notebook , software ) .
The teacher asks the students to report about the check results .
Students log in the website
The teacher asks if there are any problems
Students do the test
At the end of the test , the teacher shows the results ( correct answers percentage for each student ) .
Students interact with the teacher during the revision .
The teacher ask the students to comment on the results and the activity , and discuss the opportunity to repeat the activity .
This review is to tell you about the Astoux restaurant , which is situated in the heart of Cannes on the seashore .
As you enter the place you are welcomed by a very natural setting .
Sitting in any table you have a wonderful view of the sea .
The menu offers a wide variety of mouth - watering starters : it is famous for its oysters .
The main course may consist of a risotto with fish , which can be really thrilling .
It might be followed by a delicious mousse au chocolat served in a large glass as a perfect ending .
All this can be accompanied by different selections of white wines .
All the products are fresh and the chef takes great care in selecting the best quality ingredients .
In addition to it the service well accompanies the high quality of the cooking .
Despite the high price of the food , I had a pleasant dining experience .
This is the reason why I highly recommend going to the Astoux restaurant .
The room was full of things that day .
Michael came back from the school after a tedious day .
His brother Paul had been searching something in his bedroom and it seemed to be a completely mess .
Suddenly , Michael saw his brother crying and he asked him " where is my playstation ? ? " . said Paul inconsolably and he run to the kitchen .
Maybe someone came in their house and stole the game console !
Michael thought .
When both of them started to search clues around the house they did n't found out anything interesting , but after a while , they had seen several pawprints and in that moment Michael remembered a fact : He had been forgotten his dog inside the house but the puppy had disappeared !
Obviously he knew their dog Spooky had been in Paul 's bedroom taken his playstation .
As they were looking for it in the garden they realised the console was near a tree .
Surprisingly Spooky turned up and escaped with some keys in his mouth but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Vividly as the picture depicts , there are six steps to produce bank notes .
First of all , they are supposed to be desighed with great care and considerations , such as the background colour , artwork and security issues , all of which are crucial for notes .
Secondly , skilled machinists will make preparations for metal plates that are one of the most vital ways to ensure the quality of bank notes .
Thirdly , sheets of bank notes will be printed with colour on both sides , usually 50 bank notes per sheet .
In this step , special ink will be used for the images , slightly raised on the notes .
Next , it will come to the most improtant step , inspection .
Printed sheets will be manually inspected .
There are two ways for these notes after this step .
If they are good quality sheets or partially damaged , but still in good condition , they will be packaged and dispatched .
On the other hand , if they are bad sheets or in bad condition , they will be disposed securely .
Dear Daniel ,
How have you been ?
I hope the charity event you 've organised with your school was successful .
I was very inspired by your idea and decided to organize an even with charity club members in my school as well .
Now that we have a wonderful idea I thought you would want to hear about it .
I know how much you care about animals and love them , especially dogs .
The problem is that there are lots of stray dogs in the streets and they disturb people .
We decided to organize a play and donate the money we earn to a Dog Foundation .
We tried to involve many students as possible since we needed actors , costume designers and technicians .
Thanks to this event , people have learned to work as a team , improved their self - esteem and developed their social skills .
The event was very successful as we earned € 2,000 in just a day .
People who attended the event had a wonderful time .
Hope you liked my idea and looking forward to hear from you soon .
Love ,
Fulya
Just next to the desk , I would put on a small wardrobe ; given that there would have additional drawers under the bed to keep some clothes , a large wardrobe might not be needed .
I might put on a mirror on the interior side of one of the wardrobe doors .
Well , I have already explained in detail how I would decorate two of the room sides , so now I am going to tell you what there would be in the two remaining walls .
First and foremost , though , I have to say that I am eager reader ; that being said , it may be obvious why I value space so much : I need a place to put my books in .
So , resuming what I was saying , I would place two or three bookcases , filling the remaining space this way .
On the other hand , aside from my bedroom , I would love to have my own reading nook , where to read peacefully .
So , if my mental estimates are correct , there should still be enough space available to also place a little armchair , where I could read more comfortably than in my bed or in my chair desk , not very far from the window .
Oh !
, also , it would be really nice to have a footstool , too .
As far as television is concerned , well , being honest , I haven't been watching much TV for years .
So , at most , I would put on a fourteen inches one on the top of one of the bookcases .
Nevertheless , it 's something dispensable for me and , for this reason , I think I could get by without having one .
Now that I have already finished describing the arrangement of my hypothetical bedroom , I am going to talk about its lighting .
Firstly , I would only use energy - saving lights to illuminate my dream room .
Secondly , my idea is putting on , at least initially , two lamps : a white overhead one and a red desk one .
Regarding the desk is just beside the bed , the desk lamp could be used to illuminate both the desk and the bed head ; that way , placing another lamp in the furniture would be unnecessary .
Lastly , I could consider also putting on a standard lamp near my reading armchair , but I would need to actually set up and use my dream bedroom to see if it is really worth it .
Finally , concerning the bedroom colours , I believe the walls should be painted of a light colour , like white , beige or , maybe a light green . The ceiling could be the same colours as the walls or , perhaps , a darker hue than they .
I sincerely doubt that I painted the furniture , though , so they would display the colour of the wood they would be made from .
Lastly , I would like that my curtains were red , given that is my favourite colour ; however , I would use maroon , which is quite similar , for the curtains because it is more sober and , consequently , more suitable for my room .
I think a family matters much for everybody .
We do n't choose parents and children , but we can choose a good husband or a wife .
My parents divorced when I was 16 years old , so I do n't have close relations with my mom and dad .
Although I 'm very grateful to my mom for great support in the most difficult time of my life .
My mother has a lot of friends and she is quite happy .
My dad has a new family and it seems he is fine too .
My son is 13 years old and we understand each other very well .
I 'm rather a friend to him than a strict mother .
He does not conceal anything from me as I try to understand what he really needs and support him .
My husband is also my best friend as I do n't have anybody closer than he .
We speak about everything and respect each other .
Sometimes we quarrel , but it does n't last long .
I 'm happy as I have always dreamt of such a family .
I completely disagree with the statement " there is no future for public transport " .
I do believe that with time people become more conscious of the idea of cities convenient to everyone .
Despite private car is more convenient to its owner then public transport , it is not in use the majority of time and that means wasting city space for parking while it could be used as a public space .
At the same time it is not impossible to solve the task of comfort and efficacy simultaneously .
For instance network of taxi cabs with affordable prices could combine comfort of personal car and work - load of public transportation .
Nowadays all the car manufacturers accepted the task of design robot - driven car that in future would resolve the issue of safety and availability of taxi 24 hours 7 days a week .
But how is it possible to persuade citizens to make a right choice ?
Unfortunately the main method is to make private cars if not a luxury then to make their usage economically less efficient in favour to public transportation .
And underground , light tram system are still more ecological and fast .
The aim of this report is to describe the training course that I was attending last month , for a week and the activities in which I was involved during this period of time .
It turned up to be a disadvantage for me , given that I am interested in the theory .
I managed to find out very few things about the theory , due to the large number of participants .
I realised there is no time to think too much when it comes to practice , because you have to act quickly and to prove yourself and the others that you use your knowledge in order to accomplish a certain task .
The efficiency is one of the most important things in terms of time management .
I would strongly recommend this training course on time management , considering is useful not just to gain some theory aspects for those who want to be more organised , but also if you want to really manage in a daily situation .
As a result of useful activities putting theory into practice , you will have a better chance to achieve your goal .
Hi Paul ,
As I 've told you I was helping on the Linkin Park 's concert last month and I have to write you something about it .
You may thought that I met them or I got an autograph but I must disappoint you .
I was just selling tickets .
But I love this experience , I was really enjoying it .
I was there with my friend .
When we came the manager gave the tickets to us and told us to be nice .
We stood in the entrance and when the clock struck six there just appeared thousands of people .
It does n't seem but it was hard work but after the concert the manager praised us for doing good job .
And guess what was the best thing about it !
We could watch the concert without buying a ticket !
You can imagine that it was amazing , Linkin Park is the best group I know so I was really enjoying it .
I hope we will get this chance next year .
Do you think you will go with us next time ?
It 's unforgettable experience and it gave me a lot .
Please write to me soon .
Yours faithfully
Petra
This picture illustrates the process of producing cash .
The first step is to design the looking of the bank notes and then prepare skilled machinists for metal plates .
After that , these notes are going to get printed , which includes coloring them on both sides and raising the images with special ink .
The next step is the most important and it involes inspection , which means good and bad sheets are separated during this process .
Those good quality sheets are cut into individual notes and dispatched after packing and those bad sheets and notes are destroyed out of secutity aspect in the very last process .
Overall , the whole process of making bank notes has six steps and they are design , metal plates ' preparation , printing , inspection , dividing sheets into three groups and distribution or disposal .
The key step is to manually inspect the notes .
I am not at all agree with that .
No future for the public transport ?
, of course there is future for it and every day more and more .
Green house gases have put a red light warning on the planet , and countries around the world are starting to realize the importance of reducing these gases .
One of the measures that we , as world citicens , can take is to leave our cars at home and start to take public transport or to share cars with others .
Big cities are crowd with vehicles and as result levels of pollution are dangerously increasing .
This is developing diseases and alergies that are affecting the citicens .
That is why , many cities has close their centres to private cars and only allows public transport .
Enginers are studying new engines that are more nature friendly , but even so , we have to reduce vehicles to help reduce green house effects and pollution .
Plans and programmes are being developed to reduce the number of cars driving throuhgt the cities .
Some of these oave the same destinations .
Use public transport is a way to be green and help to improve our planet and that is a very important task for all of us .
I do not agree with the statement that there is no future for public transport .
In recent years , public transport is really common in our lives .
From the Metro system , the bus , the train , and the high speed rail , all these public transportation become more and more popular .
Lots of people really enjoy the moment when taking public transportation because they are more convenient , cost less and more eco - friendly .
In my opinion , taking public transport is more convenient .
We do n't have to drive by ourselves , and we do n't have to think which way we should go to reach the destination .
What we have to do is simply go to the public transport stations and there will be vehicles that will take us to anywhere we want .
Additionally , taking public transport cost less .
Compared to driving a car , it only cost us about 20 N.T. dollars or at most 50 dollars for one single travel .
We have to pay for the oil if we drive and we all know that the oil price goes up every year .
As a result , I think more people will prefer to take public transport rather than driving due to the high price of the oil .
Finally , taking public transport is more eco - friendly .
Our mother earth has suffered from air pollution for a long period of time which leads to greenhouse effect and the rise of the average sea level .
We do n't want these natural disorders to continue .
Taking public transport can effeciently reduce the emmission of carbon dioxides and will help the earth to recover from those disorders .
So , as a member living in our mother earth , we should do our best to protect her .
From this point of view , I do n't think public transport has no future .
The above reasons I mentioned explain why I do not agree with the statemant that the public transport ha no future because travelling by car is more convenient .
Can you imagine a transportation which never appears ?
You may think of the time machine , it would only be seen on movie .
However , it wo n't be probably be invented after all .
Is there no future for public transport ?
Since a century , many transports have been invented , therefore our lives become convenient .
We can easily travel around the world .
What transportation do we need and should be invented now is hard to think , because no place we could n't go .
I think the transport nowadays are perfect .
Although the public transport is enough for people need , it can be improved its function .
For example , the speed of transportation can become faster , using green energy sources , improved the capacity of the public transportions and so on .
With the advance of technology , a lot of problems have come to pass , the natural resources are becoming in storted , and the air pollution is getting worse .
This is harmful to everything in the world .
So , we have to consider how to improve theses problems for our next generation .
Learning of another language is very useful these days , because of globalization and also cooperation between countries .
It is importatnt when we work or study in international area .
It can have benefits but also some drawbacks .
Firstly I would like to write about benefits .
People who are learning another language or more languages have more opportunities in their life .
It can have influence at their work .
They can have better position , work for foreign company , communicate with foreign companies etc .
It can be the benefit at school as well , because if you need some information for some project , you can look at foreign literature too .
Also you can be part of travelling and working experience which can offer to you your school .
If you want to try this option , you need to have a very good level of particular language .
It is very good that these days schools offer you more languages for learning to choose from and they recommend learning at least 2 foreign languages .
Of course it can be different in each country .
Another very important benefit of learning new language is that you can travel you will understand people abroad and you will know how to communicate with them .
It helps you to ask people on many important information which you need during your journey .
For example , which way you should go , where is good restaurant , how to travel in a country , how to solve your problems , where is the cheapest accommodation and much more .
Thanks of learning another language you can have also friends from all the world and you can better understand the culture of new country .
And what are the drawbacks ?
I think that there is not many disandvantages of learning another language .
One of them can be that people who do not understand this language will try to ask you all the time to help them .
It can be really interrupting if it still continues .
And sometimes maybe you do not want to hear what are people speaking about in foreign language .
In conclusion I would like to say that the learning of another language will be always important for today 's people and new generation too and in addition it will increase need to communicate in another language .
Hi Maria José ,
I am writing to you in reference to the First Certificate exam .
It 'll be a pleasure reporting that the tests were passed with flying colors , for that I ask for your help .
You told me that you have a shared folder with some learning tools to pass this exam .
I found a bilingual Spaniard ( with several international certificates and now he 's teaching in a bilingual school in Madrid ) .
Our idea is to talk at least twice a week .
I 'm afraid because I think that the next exam in March could be a bit soon , but if I could have a look to some tools I 'll be relaxed .
Also , I found some books on the internet with Crambridge 's exams .
Thank you for your attention .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Best wishes ,
Adrián Mares .
PS : Merry Christmas and a Happy New year !
With the process of the globalization , people are eager to know the other country than ever .
In the past , most people consider the museum as the best way to get along with the unfamiliar land .
However , the situation has already changed .
First , as the technology developed , we may find visiting museum is far from convenient .
People using new technique has gradually constitued the majority .
The online visiting is a good point in this case .
The Forbidden City , one of the most famous museum in China , has opened its online version to the public , which means people can visit the Forbidden City on the Internet instead of taking a time - consuming flght to Beijing where the museum locates .
It leads to an increasing number of people choose to using the online museum .
On the other hand , needless to say , the limitation of museum is that it can only store some pictures and paintings , it is far from an enjoyable visiting when you can only see the picture 2 meters away and no touch .
The scenery , the beauty of mountain and river , can only be enjoyed when you travel there on youe own .
Once I visited the museumm finding some pictures of the cave painting in France , but when I got France to see the real painting , I found it is more vivid and can show you how great the France caveman who painted it .
Admittedly , the museum has its owm merits;it is easy to find on the map and always be emphazised as a symbol of a country .
However , more often than not , the high price of the ticket of the museum can ruin the fun when you get to the coutry .
A documentary , a book about the culture is cheap and easy.we can consider it a ecomomical method .
Visiting museum is undoubtedly a good way to konw about a country , but not a best way anymore .
If you decide to find some information about a totally unknowed land , the museum is not a wise option .
The home of the future .
That sounds a little bit like a name of any sci - fi or horror .
But why ?
Will our houses look so terrible in a 40 years ?
Will they fly in the sky ?
Or will they be made from iron and have strong door and barred windows ?
Will we even go out on the street ?
But do n't panic , let 's think rationally .
Technology will control our homes .
With technology we will clean our house , technology will protect us , with technology we will spend our free time .
In every room we will have a big screen , where we 'll be able to see , where are our children and if everything 's ok .
Our fridge will tell us to buy a fresh milk , if there 's no left .
Our bed will tell us when to go sleep .
I have only one question .
Will we live in that house alone ?
Do we need friends or family members if technology can take care of us ?
Machines can tell us lots of imporatant information .
Does it mean that contact between people will disappear ?
I think it 's something nobody wants , but it can comes true .
People use machines and robots because they do n't want to waste their time .
But maybe they could stop talk to each other , because it 's waste of time too .
I hope , It will never happen .
Better live in a cottage .
16th December 2013
Writing task : Informal letter
Dear Jenny ,
How are you doing ?
As you know I 'm planning to go to England to brush up on my English .
I really appreciate it if you could give me a piece of advice about what course should I take .
I 'd like you to take into account the following requirements .
Firstly , my main target is to improve speaking and writing skills as I do n't feel confident enough to do such tasks .
Selected college should be used to teaching these matters properly .
Secondly , I 'd like the college to be located not too far from accommodation if possible . I would n't like to spend too much time on public transport every day .
As far as accommodation is concern I 'd like bed and breakfast included in the price .
Finally , my overall budget amount 900 pounds .
Would it be enough for a two - week course in England ?
If it 's not please let me know .
Well , we 'll keep in touch and thank you very much for all your help .
Best regards
Juan
Summer camping is all about providing fun activity in a safe environment .
Working with kids makes fun and safety a high priority .
In my opinion , to be a suitable person for the summer camp job you should have qualifications to create fun activities and to keep kids safe .
Creating fun activities is an important role of the summer camp workers .
As a father of three boys and one girl aged 7 - 10 years , I have the ability to create and perform fun activities .
In the last summer , my kids and I created a fun morning and afternoon program for our neighbors we called it " multi - balls multi - fun " .
In the morning program , the kids have enjoyed playing football , soccer ball , basketball and water ball .
The program has included many competitive activities that full of fun and cheerful .
In the afternoon , the kids have enjoyed a multi - dance program that has different international dances .
the kids have loved learning new dances and cultures
Safety is a core component in the summer camps ' activities .
while designing fun activities , the camp workers have to take in concerns the safety level for these activities , the possible harm and the protection and treatment supplies that might be needed .
As a retired nurse , I have a high sense of safety and harm prevention .
I used to assess and treat many injured kids during my work journey in many hospitals .
In addition , I have the experience in providing the basic , the advanced life support , and the airway protection .
While these situations are rare , they need an effective fast intervention to save kids ' lives .
In conclusion , I think providing fun in safe environment is the main component in summer camp that each family is looking for . as a father and a nurse I have the ability to create the fun , to provide safe activities and the most important is my ability to intervene in the emergency situations
Foster Hollywood is an American restaurant in the center of Caceres .
It is a popular place .
The interior is spectacular because it is decorated as the film of Hollywood .
The tables and the chairs are very beautiful because they are as in the American films but they are very inconfortable .
The atmosphere is quiet and relaxed but always it is crowded .
The waiters are very friendly and helpful .
I love this restaurant because the food is really good is the tastiest food that I have eaten .
My favourites dishes are the " Nachos " and " Catarapi " , the second is a dish of spicy pasta , it is spectacular .
The service is very fast I believe the people eat good and fast .
The price is a bit expensive , but it is a great place for lunch or dinner with the friends .
I think this restaurant would be suitable for us because it is a great place for all , it is in the center and the most important her food is really tasty .
So I always recommend go .
Yes .
We can get a lot of up to date information around the world through watching television .
There are many channels on TV , not only entertainment but also technology , health , environment , weather forecast and news channel , etc .
So , it can really educate people .
News on TV tell us what is happening in the world .
Health channels give the ways of living with healthy lifestyle .
Weather forecast points out to prevent from violent storm , rain , snow , etc .
Discovery channel is the knowledge bank and animal planet is very interesting .
Moreover , nowadays many education channels are developing to help the students .
Mathematics , English and environmental knowledge Quiz programs on TV aid the mental development of children .
We can also improve our moral attitude by watching the discussion and speech by the outstanding leaders .
So , I think advantages and disadvantages of TV mainly depend on the watching person .
We can make good use of time from TV and we can also waste time with some useless channels .
So , we need to try to get equal balance between entertainment and education from TV .
By doing this , we can gain bird eye view without much effort .
Dear Sir
I have seen your advertisement on the Internet and I am really interested in it .
I am a qualified educator and I have worked with children for five years .
Because of this , I have learnt many activities and games that I could use in your summer camp .
I have also taught English to Spanish pupils so language will not be a problem .
Although I only know dishes from my country , I could learn more about your meal because cooking is one of my favourite hobbies .
I always work with many children , so I have experience managing and organising groups .
About my personal characteristics , I am friendly and self - confident but I have another quality that children loves : I am really creative , I can make costumes with not many materials so they will enjoy a lot dressing them up .
I usually play sports like tennis or running but specially I am interested in living adventures , and I would like we could live this one together .
I enclose my CV to complete information .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Dear Jo ,
I am glad about having good news from you , it has been a whole year since we talk the last time .
I 'm so happy you are almost finishing school and of course that you are coming to Colombia .
As I told you once , Colombia has a lot of amazing places where you can have fun , met new people and learn all about our
culture .
It would be incredible if you start your trip in Cartagena which is a caribean and tropical city .
It is so warm
and you can spend some quality time on the beach or walking by the old city .
Then you can go to Santa Marta , do some water sports , visit Taganga where you can find the best shrips in the whole area .
Thereafter , you should go to Medellín , in that time of the year they will be celebrating some typical holidays .
So , you will be able to live and watch all this amazing exotic flowers , to hear Colombian music and see typical dances .
After that , you need to come to Bogotá . I am going to be happy about having you here .
I can show you the downtown , some of the most important museums like " La Casa del oro " or The national Museum .
Then , we can go out for a party night at the west of the city .
To finish , if you want to , you can be an English tutor at my University for the whole time you are going to stay in the city .
I can talk with my program 's director and try to get you the job .
Please write to me and tell me if you are interested .
Your friend ,
Laura
By the way , my boyfriend will finish PhD program this summer :-) , and then he needs to do compulsory military service begin 7th August for one year .
Fortunately , he is assigned to substitute services , so he does n't to enter real army .
We think that will be convenient for him to apply the Postdoctor position during the period of military service .
His ideal plan is he will try to apply the Postdoctor position this fall or winter , and then he can work abroad after finishing the military service ( August 2015 ) .
To take public transport or not that is a question . Travelling by car is convenient , however , it
ignores the car congestion problems and the pollution for the CO2 .
Yet , to me public transport is my
preference .
Public transport reduce the car congestion problems .
Since the public transport , it decrease people
work or travelling by car .
For example , taking the train form Taipei , the city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the newyear just costs half an hours in contrast nearly two hours awing to the car congestion in the highway .
Besides , take the train instead of car may make a new friends possibly if chats with others besides the seats .
Therefore , public transport is the best option to me .
In terms of protecting environment , taking the public transport may cut down the carbon emmittion .
Because there are nearly 70 billions people in the world if everyone travelling by car even the half , the pollution will be the burden to the world .
It is the urgent timing to avoid greenhouse problem that people should think how to decrease the carbon emmition .
To be brief , taking the public transport is not only avoid congestion problems to save the time but benefit our mother nature future .
Admittedly , travelling by the car has its merits such as more convenient to everywhere we want , can enjoy the time with family in car .
Nevertheless , it cost a lot of problems and pollution .
For the better life and world why not take public transport .
Tom was so happy because he finally won the prize .
He attended in a local motorcycle race and won the 5000 $ cash prize .
He did his best for this race .
Three consecutive years he attended in the local race but at most he could get the second rank .
This year he found a good trainer and 6 months training made him fully ready for this race .
He went to coffee shop .
In there he saw an old man who asked him for help .
The old man said to him my son needs surgery today or he will die .
Tom asked him the cost of surgery .
The old man answered 20,000 $ .
Tom asked him about the insurance and the old man said the insurance only pays 5,000 according to its commitment for this kind of disease .
Tom told I can give you 5000 $ but what can I do for the rest of this amount ?
He thought I should perform a show to jump over the several wrecked cars but it was too risky because he had not any experience in this kind of show .
Moreover , he needs some people to advertise for the show .
He talked to his trainer Jack and explained the problem .
Jack said I know someone who can do that but how we organize the show .
We need advertising and to find a suitable place for show until 3 pm .
Tom called his friends and asked them to advertise by any means they can and also he requested his trainer to talk to the owner of the race road .
It was 5 pm and too many people came to see the show .
Tom yelled : ladies and gentlemen , please help us as much as you can because all of the income of this show is paid for surgery of a sick boy .
Tom sold all of tickets quickly and earned enough money .
The old man became very excited and glad .
His son was cured and in recovery room Tom visited him and they became friends .
It was 10 pm when Tom arrived home .
Although it had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
A short - term and enticing Russian loans are very attractive for Serbian politicians who are struggling with the financial difficulties .
Because of the quicker effects they are more lucrative for the elite than the long - term reforms required by the EU .
As an Orthodox and Slavic country which is yet to become a member of the EU and does not want to become member of NATO , in a difficult economic situation with public exposed to strong propaganda , Serbia , is an easy target of Russia 's soft power .
People were changing during ages and in the same time they were building astonishment history .
They were thinking how the world would look like and with that thought civilization was created .
Nowadays we are in the same situation .
Future is one of the biggest question for us .
Our curiosity is not restraining .
I want to give an example how would look like the Home of the Future .
The first question is where our homes would be located .
Will it be Earth in general ?
There are a lot of places where people are setting theirs houses , perhabs we will be living under water ?
Many buildings like skycarpers are suggesting living in flats which exist above the ground and it is not extraordinary , but how about whole cites prospering under the water with it own source of light which could replace the Sun .
Likewise location , something which could change are the materials with which we will build houses .
Our main goal should be creating homes with renewable materials which might be available to everyone and cheap .
That way of thinking could bring us a better world without homeless people .
Despite the fact that visual aspect is the most important thing to most people in my opinion in this case everything was said and no new forms could be created .
To summarize the Home of the Future will bring us not only a new kind of home , but also a new outlook on life .
Good morning , everyone !
Today I 'm going to introduce a book about nature that I 've read recently .
The book is called " Living Through a Natural Disaster " written by Eve Recht .
The reason I chose this book was that it is really comprehensive in showing you that different parts of the world are suffering from disasters , for instance , the Cyclone Tracy in Darwin , Australia ; the Yellow River flood in China and a devastating drought in Central America etc .
It concisely depicts the devastation and destruction caused by natural disasters .
The book is also very readable , not only introducing the disastrous effects of disasters but simply gives us an overview of handling natural disasters , so anyone can get to know the geographical phenomenon .
The most engaging and intriguing part of this book is that the people who live along the Yellow River , how they suffered from the flood and how they handled the devastation and make a better solution .
At the beginning , the Yellow River was always unleashing terrible floods that swept through towns , villages and farmland .
It became a mass killer and make people homeless .
People were forced to flee by boat because of the flood .
People living along the river wanted to prevent the flood coming again by building dykes .
However it made the situation worse .
After day of heavy rain , the water level became dangerously high because the riverbed can not withstand the water when it out of its limitation .
The Yellow River overflows and the crops on the plains are ruined in some areas .Fortunately , the flood also makes the plains fertile and feed millions of people .
While I was flip - flopping through the pages , I let my imagination run wild with the story .
Let 's think about how we treated our mother of nature before .
Now she is extremely angry after human beings did something really hurt to her .
After all , she is very kind - hearted and always helps us have a good living .
Even though the mother of nature is complicated sometimes , she would give us a light of hope .
She never just shuts one door , and she also opens another one .
According to what Charles Dickens said , " it was the best of times " , because the people can get rewarding from the nature and get a better life because of the fertile land which can feed us .
However , " it was the worst of times " also .
People will continue suffering the dangerous floods and there is no end after many years unless the government take an effective action to stop flooding .
It is arduous for people living in devastating surroundings .
The Yellow River is a combination of history and modernization .
It carries a lot of memories from the past to now , whether it is cruel to people or not .
Reading this book is like unwrapping a present which is packed in layers of sheets .
My heart grieved at every word portraying the suffering of the people in the Yellow River .
Meanwhile , a surge of sympathy and despair overwhelmed me with lots of thought - provoking words .
I sincerely recommend this book to everybody who wants to broaden their horizons and know more than you have known already .
That 's all for my presentation today .
Thank you for listening !
I agree with the idea that sporting events can be necessary for international relations and national unity .
In this essay , I will think about the effects of these popular sporting events .
The World Cup , Olympics and other international games work for easing tensions among different nations .
For example , North and South Korea are two countries against each other , but every year they still have a friendly football match .
During that time , the fans and the players are the same harmony in unity and friendship .
The fans , supporters shout , they even cry together .
The sports game events are opportunities to strengthen the friendship between the nations .
On the other hand , some sports matches can make international relations worse .
Sometimes the sports games are full of tensions over flow .
The patriotic emotions explode in unaggressive way .
For example , during the semi - final first leg AFF Cup 2014 between Vietnam and Malaysia team , the players played quite violent , the supporters of the two teams were very tense .
Even after the end of the match assaults occurred between supporters of the two teams .
I think that international sporting occasions can be one of the best ways to ease tensions or to release patriotism safely .
However , I believe that games can not be the fundamental ways for the sound patriotism or peaceful international relations .
I am very interested in this management trainee - marketing position with your corporation , and believe that my education and employment background are appropriate for the position .
During my tenure at the University of economics and Law , I have noticed my growing interest in marketing and public relations .
Last month , I interned at the Hoan My Medical Corporation in Ho Chi Minh City .
My position entailed developing marketing content on the web pages and slideshows publicizing the success of the society 's event .
I was able to utilize my marketing skills to assist the organization in their goal to promote SEO .
The marketing departerment also gives me the responsibility of publicizing events via Facebook .
I believe that my experiences in marketing and interpersonal skills make me a prime candidate for this position . I am a diligent worker , and passionate about my work . I will be a valuable asset to your company and will use this as an opportunity to grow and further the development of my marketing skill set .
Thank you very much for considering my application for candidacy .
I will follow up within a week to confirm that all of my materials were received and hopefully set up an interview time .
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
If we watch how society is going nowadays , we notice some aspects that let us think about human condition .
First of all we can define ourselves " slaves of the technology " because now we all have a telephone that have lots of functions and that turn us away from real life .
This can be seen in teenagers , who seems to prefer to talk by telephone than " face to face " , and also in children , who prefer play with video games on their own than going to the park
In my opinion the obsession for the business trasforms society in a ring in which every man will be against his friend only for an excellent career .
The last point that has changed people 's life is the tendency to have the same thougths or the same goods .
In this way everyone is the perfect copy of someone else and the originality or a creative mind is considered as something bad .
There are also positive aspects , for example there is a progress in the subject of medicine or in the use of the eco - resources .
Will people 's life change again ?
Yes it will and I hope that we will improve our thought and we will have the cosciousness that we are not " supreme " and that we will never have the right of imposing us in the world .
Nowadays it is possible to listen to various types of music .
What is the reason for making music necessary for us ?
Is national music more important than foreign music , which is heard all over the world ?
Taking acceptance the strength of music , it is hard to imagine human life without it . "
Music is the nutrition for our souls " said in the popular proverb .
Therefore , we can feel the enormous role of music in our lives .
To my mind , beautifulness of music does not depend on its sorts .
People enjoy it and do not think about its genre .
For example , there are various music competitions Eurovision Song Contest which organized in many countries .
People almost from all over the world attends to participate in it .
Being the core of culture of a country , it influences on national fame .
For instance , in our country music consists of two main parts : Mougam and Folk music , which have been getting popularity from all regions in the world since it was sprung .
However , modern music is not always acceptable for different people .
Despite that it is held by the majority of countries .
To take account that it has been improving day by day , we can meet the appearance of very exotic and amazing mixtures of modern and national music almost in every country .
Most of the countries enjoy such intertwining that could be considered as a new type of music .
Inasmuch as this process makes peoples close to each other encouraging them to corporate and befriend .
To sum up , it is necessary to point out that there is not any negativeness or perfectness of national or modern music at all .
It is essential to treasure music as one of the significant kinds of art .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
But to begin with Anna for a long time was n't famous at school .
She prefer books , quiet places and that kind of thing , boring for elite in our school .
She always was the best student in the class or even in the school for a couple times .
She very focused on learning .
She had a dream to be a lawyer and wanted to help innocent people .
She was always involved with school trips connected with political places like court or government .
One a day she decided to pass away all of this thing and get started something completely different .
She forgot about books .
Unfashionable clothes turned into fashionable dresses .
Anna became a model !
She became really popular in all school , everyone wanted to spend time with her .
She is pretty , smart and so nice for all people .
And for now she is one of the most popular models in the world not only in the school .
Day when Anna decided to be a model was the most important in her life .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very happy for reading your letter and that you come to my beautiful country .
I think that Spain is an incredible country since it has all kinds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , lakes , and you can enjoy adventure activivities , for example , trekking routes , climbing , bungee , surf ... You can make different tourism depending on the city where you want to go .
First of all , I would like to talk about Extremadura .
Extremadura is in the West of Spain and it has a good weather all year .
However , I recommend travelling to Extremadura in Spring or Autumm because in summer it is too hot .
In Extremadura you can enjoy the environment and you can walk across the famous Monfragüe Nacional Park or Tajo - International Natural Park .
Moreover , you can swim in the cold water of Los Pilones ( I recommend you this place because it is an incredible and quiet place and I love it ) or small natural lakes on the North of Extremadura .
Also , Extremadura has many towns and cities with an impressive ancient neighbourhood , for instance , Cáceres , Mérida , Trujillo , Guadalupe , Alcántara ...
Other places that I would recommend are : the towns of the South of Andalucia which have clean beaches , cold water and a good leisure with many restaurants , shops , parks , zoos , aquatic parks ...
On the other hand , near Mediterranean Sea there are a lot of towns with fantastic beaches which water is very clean and warm .
In particular , I recommend you to go to Baleares Islands .
However , if you want to go there , you must fly or go by ship .
In addition , you can visit the North of Spain since it is very beautiful with marvelous landscapes and beaches .
In the North of Spain the weather is colder than the rest of the country , for this reason , the water of the beaches is very cold and it is very difficult to swim there .
However , you must go and know these unforgettable places .
You say in the letter that you want to work for three months . I think that you can try look for a waiter job in the towns with beaches during the Summer months .
It is easier to find a job in the beach than finding it in the centre of Spain .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Best wishes .
Bea
Yesterday , Tom woke up at 7 o'clock in the morning as he usually does .
He took breakfast with his father that took him school , as he always do .
That morning , he had math and after he had a science class .
The first one was very boring for him because he was very tired and he was n't about listening everything that the teacher was saying .
Tom loves asking questions himself about life and thinks that science class is the only that can solve his questions .
Those questions are : Where and how do we come from ?
And many more .
When science class arrived he felt really excited because John , the science teacher , told them that he was going to explain them a very interesting thing .
It was about what problems are we going to have in a few years if we do n't change anything related to contaminating our environment .
John talked about the serious problems there are caused by not recycling things as plastic bags , bottles … that end up floating in the sea because humans do n't take care of our environment , and all this is causing that loads of acuatic animals expire .
When Tom arrived home , talked to his family about what have he learned in science class and talked their parents to start recycling .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
We have worked with Nikita for 1 year during my account management of Enter .
As AC category manager Nikita has demonstrated in - depth knowledge of AC market , high level of negotiations skills , and professional attitude to everything he did .
Nikita has shared with me his understanding of e - retail , analysis of sales channels , product strategy in online and offline mix .
His advice helped me to increase sales of main e - retail partners .
Nikita has superior communication skills , positive mindset , and he is highly approachable .
I 'm absolutely confident to recommend Nikita as an experienced Product Manager .
Dear Madam / Sir ,
My name is Marco Bruno .
This is to apply for the position advertised concerning the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I am Italian , 30 years old .
Due to my background I believe to be the ideal person for the abovementioned job .
I have been working with children since I was aged 16 .
I have been involved in summer camps with children from different background and diverse needs .
In particular , I have been dealing for 10 years with children with disabilities .
Such experience has been an eye - opener for me .
I had the chance to be introduced to a different world and I started looking at the daily life with differnet eyes .
Children can indeed teach you a lot , being able to express their feelings with the spontaneity that adults often lack .
A few years ago , I had also the chance to work for 1 year in a school for disabled children and youth in a rural area of Ghana .
It was impressive to see the strength showed by those children .
Being raised in an environment where personal autonomy is the core , children with disabilities were growing very independent and strong , despite all the challenges they could face on the way .
During the year in Ghana , I was part of a team of volunteers working with children .
After consulting some children 's representatives , we organized Olympic games for the children attending the schools of the area .
You do not need much to make children happy and let them enjoy the positive energy given by sane sports competition .
As volunteers we were also helping the cooks of the schools in the kitchen and in the dining room .
Moreover , I had the chance to share with them the recipe of Italian pizza .
Since they were already baking bread , they quickly learned how to make a delicious pizza as well .
In conclusion , I believe to meet the requirements of the job and I kindly ask you to consider me for it .
My experience with children from different ages and Countries makes me a suitable person for the position advertised by your Esteemed Company .
Thanks in advance .
Sincerely ,
Marco Bruno
TENNIS AND NOTHING ElSE
WHY TENNIS
There seems to be nothing better , nothing more interesting , exhiliring , breathtaking or stunning just as taking up this sport .
It ca n't be compared to anything else if it comes to all emotions and feelings which are connected with playing tennis .
Being on the court , it appears to be funny , gives me a feeling of fulfilment .
PREPARING FOR THE GAME
Not everybody knows how much devotion and determination requires being a good player .
You just surely have to work your fingers to the bones but it 's definitely worth .
It 's also not said but tennis is one of sports which causes an enermous amount of injuries , so that 's necessary to be under constant control of your doctor !
Despite all obstacles , I would n't change this entertainment on anything else .
The amount of pleasure which I can get it 's simply incomparable to anything else .
ADVICE AND RECOMMENDATIONS
If I were to start my new sport career , I would choose a good medical care at fist .
Maybe it 's not a vital part of being a well known sportsman but it 's important when you want to work something off during your career .
The second thing , it 's a quality of an equipment .
There are a lot of bergains and cheap items on the market , which very often catches our eye but I want definitely warn you against it !
Do n't be mean and spent as much money as it 's needed .
I hope that you wo n't hesitate any more and that you start playing tennis at the moment !
The Home of the Future - in what ways homes will be different in the future and in what ways will be the same ? I think that is many reasons to consider both of this options .
In terms of differences is that this houses will be modern , more secure , economic .
Most of the furnishings will be a machine and domestic activities will be done for us .
However , they will lose the atmosphere of houses with antique furniture and interior , which create the unique and familiar atmosphere .
What will be the same ?
Surely people who will live in House of the Future .
Everything is going forward , so everything will be changed .
When I first watched the game between Green Bay Packers and Detroit Lions I was in stuck .
It seems like a bunch of armed men is trying to beat each other asses .
Nothing else .
And suddenly there 's a ball .
And one lucky receiver tries to deliver to the end zone .
First of all it 's a man sport , simple and simultaneously complicated .
I think it 's the best sport to watch in the whole world .
To be a fan of NFL team is very special experience .
It 's the great show , by the way .
If you enter the world of NFL brutality , rivalry and love you should know that you stay here forever .
If you plan to play this game you definitely should be an outstanding athlete . You should understand " pros " and " cons " of every move you make on the field .
And of course you should be a team player .
As they say " There 's no I in " team " , but there 's " I " in win " .
So it is what it is .
I 'm friendly , open mind and quite easy going guy who live in one of the most beautiful city of Russia - St. Petersburg .
I love my city and I love to travel , try a new things , socialize and experience a new cultures .
Working as IT engineer , I can afford 2 - 4 short term trips per year , and I always take this chance .
I can show you cool places step apart from beaten path in my hometown .
Since I have full - time job I could join you at weekends .
I would like to meet new friends all over the world and have a great time together .
I can share my knowledge about Finland and other countries .
I would like to help people in my best way I can .
I would like to learn from others about the world , people , cultures and idiomas and share this knowledge with others and be helpful in return :)
Dear Mr. Hooper ,
Introduction
the aim of this report is the desciption of the shopping facilities in my home town - Vienna .
Vienna is the capital of Austria and located in its east .
Findings
Vienna contains a lot of great shopping areas , that is why I am going to speacialse on the three most popular places .
Conclusions
I would like to start of with one of the most renownedly malls - called " Donauzentrum " .
It is situated in Kagran and can be easily reached by subway .
It covers about 60 shops .
The mall is linked to an entertainment section , called " Donauplex " .
The Entertainment section stays open after the mall closed .
There you can find a cinema , some restaurants and bars .
On the countryside you can find the recently edified mall named " G3 " .
I would recommend you to go there by car .
It contains nearly the same shops as the " Donauzentrum " and several restaurants and cafés .
The " Mariahilferstraße " is the perfekt place for people that want to avoid overcrowded malls .
This street is one oft the most popular shopping streets of Vienna .
Even the most extravagant shops can be found there .
It is not only worthy to attend the street by day but also by night .
Beside the shops some nice bars and restaurants can be found .
Recommendations
To not to lose the track I am going to give review .
Espacially on a rainy afternoon the " Donauzentrum " and " G3 " are the prefekt way to spend your day .
To people who prefer spending their time on the countryside I would commend a visit on the " Maria Hilfer Straße " .
Yours faithfully ,
James Mehler
Good morning ,
I 've just read your advertisement for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , and I 'm really interested in it .
I 'm a 17 years old Italian student , I have a B1/2 English level , I 'm cheerful and hard working .
I 'm also a volonteer among the red cross association , so I 'm used to look after children and organise all kinds of events .
I think I 'm suitable for every work because I 'm sporty and sociable and above all I think I have enough willpower to manage and carry out every work you will choose to give me .
Does the accommodation belong to the summer camp structure ?
Or is it just near there ?
As I live in Milan , I hope you will answer soon , so if I have a positive feedback , I 'll have enough time to book the flight ticket .
Thank you so much for your attention ,
Monica Conti
I live in a village on the outskirts of Milan .
I 'm happy to live here because the air is clean and fresh and we have o problems with the rubbish .
Every house has a place to put all the rubbish and people come every day to pick up the trash .
We do the collection , to recycle as many things as possible .
All the building here have been built to respect the environment , in fact every house has photovoltaic panels on the roof .
These panels are used to bring the light of the sun to produce electricity .
The first Sunday of every month , a group of volunteers goes in the parks of the village to clean it and to cut the grass .
I always participate in these events because I love the environment and I 'd like to keep my village clean .
Italy is famous for the typical food and culture rich of arts and history .
We all know that the Roman Empire affected a lot Italian culture and history , in fact if you want to go on a tour around the most beautiful cities in the country , you should definitely go to Florence , Venice , Naples and many others ..
You will be able to see ancient and modern building such as theatres , churches , cathedrals and civil buildings built by the most famous artists in the entire world !
Cities are full of museums where tourists can see all the customs and traditions that have characterized Italian culture .
They will not only see one type of history but many because Italy , for many centuries , had an important function for exchanges and commerce .
That 's why Italy is such an interesting and historical country .
Dear Mathew ,
Hi !
How are you ?
Thank you for your letter !
It was so nice to hear from you again !
In your letter you asked me for advice .
So , I think that both hobbies has their advantages and disadvantages .
If I were you , I will give up with sport , because I think that music classes can help you to impress a girl .
But , on the other hand , sport helps you to keep your muscles in tonus .
But you know , decision is your and I can just somehow effect on it .
Sorry , I need to go and wash my raccoon , he is very dirty after a walk .
Hope to hear from toy soon .
Best wishes ,
Sasha
Many people feel that learning English especially in ' England ' or in ' The USA ' , is better than learning that in a country that does not have English as its mother tongue .
For instance , in Peru everybody speaks Spanish so you are not accustomed to the language .
The advantages of learning English abroad are the everyday practice , which you should have if you are in an English country and all the people who you get to know from all the world .
One argument in favour of this idea is that Peruvian people who learn English for a short period and then travel abroad , have an enhancement in just one or two months .
However , the disadvantages are that you do not know how to behave in another culture .
And it is difficult to change your everyday routine .
Also , you can suffer from jet - lagged if you travel a long distance .
In conclusion , I am of the opinion that people ought to study abroad if they have the opportunity , so apart from your lessons you can interact with native people and learn usually - common phrases .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She knew that her eighteen birthday approach and she will spend them and all the preceding week with her friends in Spain .
They had to fly next Monday and go back next Sunday .
Her birthday was in Friday and they all wanted to go that night to the greatest club in Barcelona to have some fun .
Other girls left out earlier because they prepared something special for her .
But before she went to the club , she was invited for one drink with lifesaver from the hotel 's pool .
Then the people from the hotel saw her last time .
She did not appear in the club , and she did not come to the hotel on consecutive days .
Her friends came back to their country but Anna still is missing .
Her parents and her sister still looking for her .
If you want to meet somebody strange , do not leave your friends or family without knowledge with who and where you want to go .
It 's only for your safety .
People travel less in public vehicles these days .
Many thinks that life of public transport is going to end .
I believe that it is true because the people are more concerned about their privacy and time taken to travel by the public transport .
In this essay these worries are studied carefully .
Private vehicle offers more privacy than public vehicle .
A breast feeding woman can feed her baby in the car without worrying about her privacy .
For example , If she is sitting on a bus , she could n't feed her child because people sit in the nearby seats they may gaze at her .
On a hot day the lady ca n't remove her coat to reduce body heat .
For example , A lady travel on a bus and if she removes her coat everybody will look at her and probably tease her but in her car she can do what ever she want .
Hence , the private vehicles give enough privacy and comfort for a family .
The public transport may take more time to travel and have rigid schedule than private vehicles .
A car can be drove very fast in order to reduce the time taken to travel .
In case a person who is going for an interview for a job , punctuality is a must , hence he can drive his car fast or can go earlier in his car to reach there early .
But he could not travel on a bus very fast in order to reach destination very quickly .
Because public transport have a fixed timetable .
Hence public vehicles take more time to travel .
In conclusion , usage of public transportation is reducing day by day .
People are getting anxious about their privacy and the trip time .
In order to boost the usage of public transport the government or the governing body should consider these factors and must find a solution to these problems .
We almost forget about those days before the Internet arrived .
The technology has changed us much faster and more dramatic than we used to think .
We had to carry a map for our adventure 10 years ago .
Nowadays all of what we need is a full charged smart phone with the Google Map application .
In the past people could only have a purchase from store to store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods on line and buy it through a simple click .
For this tremendous outcome I believe that our lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years , with greater extension to every aspect of our lives .
In my imagination , the future would be more messy and crowded with less species of creature but more of us , the human beings .
We will face the more serious problems of global warming and other awful environmental pollution .
Some of the countries will be submerged entirely into the sea , some will survive , and less space for increasing people .
Fortunately the most outstanding scientists will solve the energy crisis and will find ways to create new lands for living , to clean air for breathing , and to purify water and food for supply .
Other than the situation I mentioned above , we will have our memories and knowledge being replicate in the form of digital data .
We can access all the knowledge from the Internet as we need .
When we have a dementia ( a steady degeneration disease of our brains ) we can take back our lost memories from the backup system of on - line " Big Cloud " memories .
No longer do we suffer from studying foreign languages as our eyes are capable of translating to the language we known though the linkage to the huge database online .
Also , we can change our emotions by releasing some invisible chemicals which can trigger off reactions in our brains .
We can experience the most extraordinary dreams without harmful effects to our personalities .
Moreover , our clothing will be able to change colours and patterns even the physical functions corresponding to the changing environments or simply by our specific commands .
However , the more we feel convenient , the more damages to our intellect .
We do n't have to think too much about almost everything , needing no person to company with since we have all these distractive devices for joy and relaxation .
The distance between people will increase dramatically until we finally wake up from all of these unrealistic convenience we have .
It sounds like a scary science fiction , but it may happen if we keep pursuing only values of materials .
What thing the most important is to set a right direction for the future of us .
We have a lot of problems waiting to be solved .
For example , saving the endanger wildlife and the scarce fish in the sea is much more important than those inventions which only make our lives more convenient .
Time - saving and convenience are admittedly considered two essential values of modern lives .
Nonetheless , we have to confront the truth that the resources from all over the world are distributed unfairly .
The top 50 riches in the world hold most of the power to control the direction of our future .
PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
Currently there are many means to transport , but if we talk about long distances , remain the most popular trains , planes and boats .
Which of these is better ?
We may think that depends on how you like to travel , as they all have their advantages and disadvantages .
When you travel by land , train is one of the best options .
however you ca n't travel by train when you want to cross the sea .
But personally , my favorite way to travel is by plane .
It is faster than the two , it is no difficult to travel on it and it is quite comfortable .
Also you can travel to different places and longer distances while boating , for example , you can only travel to places where connection to the sea .
In short , plane is one of the best options to do it .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm really glad to know about your future plans , I definitley think that this year of travelling and discoverying will be a great way to grow up , meet new people of different cultures .
If I have the opportunity to help you in your organization , please no doubt that I will certainly do so .
Firstly I strongly recommend you to visit the main capital , which is full of marvellous historical and cultural sites such as museums , art galleries , monuments and churches .
Whether at some point you are fed up with art and culture , the city offers to you a lot of leisure time facilities such as concerts , exhibitions , festivals and so on !
From the main capital you can easily travel by train or plane and reach in a few hours all the major cities both in the North and in the South of the country .
As you arrive during the summer , you should then have a vacation in the South where the beaches are breathtaking , with such a clean water and golden long shores .
In connection with your desire to find a job , you should try to find a temporary job in the tourism field : as you wrote , you 're searching for a monthly job and I reckon that a seasonal job for the summer would perfectly fit your expectations .
By the way , a friend of mine runs an hotel in a seaside resort and I know that he was looking forward to an English native speaker who could help him with his foreign guests .
If you are interested , I could give you his phone number and e - mail so that you two are able to speak about the matter and maybe find an agreement .
My statement to apply to a university
My name is Najla Bitar . I am from Iraq .
I graduate from AL - mustansiria University / collage of Arts / department of Translation in 1998 .
I started my work for the Ministry of Oil as senior translator in 2000 .
My country 's history inspired me all my life , the important role that my city ( Baghdad ) played in the history of education and translation specially affects the history of civilization of humanity .
Which inspire me to study Translation that considers science and art in the same time .
I pursued my life dream of higher education by searching the best universities in UK .
I found your Translation and Interpretation program for master degree meets my requirements and needs .
Since my graduation I acquired wide experience in translation .
After my graduation .
I spent two years in translation hundreds of assays in different fields for higher education students .
In 2000 .
I work in the OIL MINSIRTY 's central library on foreign scientific books which concerned mainly in petroleum filed .
This gives me wide knowledge in petroleum jargons that open endless horizons of experience and how to work on developing my knowledge and skills .
My enriched experience in English language and my knowledge in petroleum expression qualified me to work in Training and Developing Directorate mainly in abroad training .
I did many important translations for training manuals and petroleum institutions student description .
As well as , the higher administration in Training & Developing directorate selected me to join focal committee to buildup competency system for petroleum staff in corporation with the British government .
I attended many training courses in different fields like computer , human resources , English language that held in Baghdad , British council in Amman and last one was in London at luminous language solution .
I did IELTS exam twice and scored ( 5.5 ) .
In spite of that I did not give up .
I intend to study in your university in the pre session courses to meet your standard in English language .
All the above mention crystallized my ambition in continuing higher education in a respected university .
I intend to specialize in translation that concerned with the petroleum sector .
It goes without saying that I am form petroleum country and I intend to work in OPEC as representative of my country and enhance the Ministry of Oil translation staff with highly educated translators .
I plan to give hand the freshman translators in the Ministry to precede their career under my supervision by couching and mentoring them .
I am sure that you will give me hand in realizing me dream by giving me the right direction to make my dream come true .
At first you should visit sights like a churches and a cathedrals then move to the town centre and go through the town park .
There you will find beautiful countryside and gorgeous swans , which stay there for the whole year .
I can recommend you to visit the library .
It 's quite architecturally significant building I think , plus there is about million books , so you can learn something new about our culture .
There are also good pubs and restaurants .
There is a pub called Richard 's . You can easily find it because it 's huge green building just next to the library .
There you can taste our national cuisine bud also their international cuisine is tasty .
Just do not order the pancakes , because they do really bad pancaces .
If I were you I would ordered the shots of alcohol because there is a toy train which will deliver the shots to you .
You can also go to the club .
There are some clubs in the town : the A 's and the Subway , which are in the centre , and the Barrel , which is on the outskirts of the town .
I go to the A 's quite often , about once per month , but I have never been in the Barrel so I ca n't tell you , what it is like .
So if you will go to the A 's you will find it by the lights .
In front of the building are enormous reflectors which shines into the darkness .
Not far from the town lies zoo .
You definitely have to visit it .
There are about thousand of animals and in the midlle of it is located a gorgeous castle .
Charles Dickens and Emily Bronte are both Victorian writers .
Their novels have much in common : first of all the plot is usually pretty complex ( as we can see in David Copperfield by Dickens and Wuthering Heighs by E. Bronte ) , and so are the characters , which are always well described especially on a psychological level ; furthermore both the authors included in their works the figure of the noble who helps the hopeless child who comes from a lower class .
There is also a lot in contrast , most evident is the difference between the settings : Dickens prefers industrial cities while Emily prefers rural villages , and these choices reflect different topics , in fact Charles mostly deals with themes like exploited childhood , the miserable conditions of lower classes and the bad consequences of the industrialisation , instead Emily Bronte is more concerned about the theme of respectability , even if her female heroins do not reflect Victorian values such as chastity and prude .
Then we can notice that the narrator of the novel has different roles : Dickens 's narrator is omniscient , Emily 's one is part of the story itself and can change revealing characters ' perspectives .
We feel happier during the conversation when someone who has a good sense of humor .
Some people agree with that a good sense of humor is not one of the most important human qualities .
However , others disagree with it .
This is because people who have a good sense of humor can bring joy for others .
Also , people could have a good relationship when they have a good sense of humor .
Moreover , people can use their humor to overcome some difficult issues .
I would like to provide examples to illustrate my thesis .
First , people who have a good sense of humor can make others to laugh .
Moreover , we can feel happy easily .
For example , my friend , Jane , talks lots of jokes to let us laugh out loud .
We like to talk to her because she always can bring happiness to us .
Also , we can forget lots of annoying things from our work .
Consequently , we feel happy so easily because my friend has a good sense of humor .
Second , people can make a friend easier when they have a good sense of humor .
For instance , my mother always has lots of new ideas , and she likes to tell people in a funny way .
Also , after people talked to her , they always wanted to talk to my mother again and are eager to be her friends .
In this case , people who have humor can make a friend easily .
Third , sometimes a person who has humor can help others to overcome some difficult issues .
To illustrate , my niece did not get a great score in his test .
His mother told him that he did a great job because he studied so hard .
Also , his mother told him he would do better next time .
My niece had courage after his mother talked to him .
Later on , he got a great score in his test .
To sum up , people who have a good sense of humor can bring happiness to people .
Also , people can have a good relationship with their humor .
Furthermore , sometime people with a sense of humor can help others to conquer the difficult issues .
In the trend of globalization today , the success or failure of the business depends on many various factors .
Perfect product , good manager , and great marketing are the three key elements to success in business .
First of all , the products are manufactured must perfect meet the requirements of customers .
Company need to create a new product variety of designs , styles , types , sizes and colors , but still ensure high quality .
Besides , good products with reasonable prices will always attract the attention of customers .
The price of each kind of product must suitable with consumers that the enterprise directed to .
For example , workers with an average income would not choose to buy luxury goods for the rich or for those with high incomes .
Second , the management of business leaders plays an important role in the success of the company 's business .
The head of the enterprise must have the knowledge and experience to make the right and reasonable decisions .
The leader of the business must also have a way to handle the active and innovative work to save time and money .
Himselves of leader must have discipline , know working on time , and know how to create group working consensus , seriously .
Finally , great marketing is a necessary measure in order to succeed in business .
Marketing 's job to deliver content to customers learn more about company and the products and services in order to increase the advantage in the consumption of goods and increase profits .
Companies can create a site dedicated itself to introducing the value of the products , prices and services deals .
In addition , enterprise may be marketing through advertising , newspapers ... it is important to listen to feedback from customers to understand and supply what they need .
Business is not easy work and success in business is very difficult .
Good products with reasonable prices , a good manager of the strong leadership and excellent marketing plan are the factors that lead to success in business
Importance of outdoor games
As we know every person wants to get success in their respective lives .
For this they must possess a healthy life .
Outdoor games are made only for this purpose that is to make a person healthier .
In ancient times every child loved to play games outside their homes and they were more stronger than children in today 's world .
There are many games that children can play like : cricket , badminton , football etc .
Our world 's great scientist have invented internet to solve various distant problems .
Students start forgetting their physical games and got stuck in this internet world .They are giving so much time in using internet and they do only baseless gossips on social networking websites .
If they want to use it they should try to focus on getting important information which is benefial in improving their knowledge skills .
Using internet in wrong manner may affect their studies and health as well .
By playing physical games they will not only improve their health but can also gain concentration .
They should try to understand the importance of physical games and also play it regularly .
Dear Manager of the Summer Cam , USA ,
I am writing to you to request if I may be considered a place in your program .
I contain all the characteristics in which you require and so is an ideal person for the job .
Firstly , you should choose me due to the fact that I can talk English very fluently .
I 've taught at many schools including primary so I got a good encounter of children .
As I 've also ran the marathon THRICE and play in the local netball team I am quite energetic plus I 'm also hardworking as I try my best to reach my ambition .
I 'm very cheerful to and I rarely lose my temper .
I become especially happy when I 'm with children !
Also I 'm a good cook ; at one school I 'd taught at we made cheese and pepperoni pizzas !
As a result I am also organised .
I am always punctual . I 'll be good at preparing all the events as I am- as I already told you- organised .
Finally , to conclude my letter I just want to say : Please choose me !
I will make summer camp a much better place to be in !
Kind Regards
Jeyatharini Deshpande
Dear Jo ,
I am so glad that you would like to come to my country .
My
country , Indonesia , is full of natural attraction .
It is an archipelago , surely many spots of tourism here .
Beach , island , culture , and culinary are the common interest to explore here .
If you would like to see wonderful beach , you could come to Bali , Lombok , Sulawesi or Irian Jaya island .
If I can say , beaches in those islands are more beautiful and natural than in Java island .
You could travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali or by train from Jakarta to Surabaya , so you can take a plane from Surabaya to Bali .
If you choose to travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali , the trip will be much shorter , spending only two hours .
If you plan to enjoy your trip along fresh greeny landscape in Java island , you can travel by train .
It needs almost 15 hours , but you could have the view of villages during the trip .
Basically , I like to travel by train for enjoying the view along the railway track .
Also , you can interact longer with other passengers especially native Indonesian , just in case you need to explore more about Indonesia as you would like to get temporary job here .
Indonesian people are famous with their friendliness , so you could start a conversation with them to ask anything about Indonesia ; they will answer your questions with pleasure .
Here are few tips for starting conversation with Indonesian : Indonesian person will reply a smile with a smile , so you can start with it ; not all Indonesian speaks English , but most students could speak English .
I suggest you to choose college students , because they are more familiar with English , besides they will welcome you with pleasure to experience their English ability ; when you are going to use public transportation , you could ask an information you need to the official employee in the station or to student for the same reason , not many Indonesian speak English .
Bali is the most famous Indonesian island for foreign people , many of them even know Bali but not Indonesia .
Lombok , Sumbawa , Sulawesi and Irian Jaya islands have very beautiful beaches as well .
The tourism service in Bali and Lombok is better than other islands mentioned above but other islands are more challenging and natural .
If you like hiking , you could explore mountains in Java : Semeru , Ranu Kumbolo , Bromo , etc .
Joining community of hiking student can be useful , because they will be pleasant free guide for you , this trick has more effective budget for your trip .
Another way , you could follow agency to get a guide , but it is not free , you have to manage cost for the service .
It can be little bit difficult to find temporal job here , unless you got any connections with agency or local people .
Teaching English is common job for foreign people , moreover foreigner teacher is more likely than local teacher .
May my advice can be useful for your trip in Indonesia .
It is true that the scale of current marriages is larger and more luxurious than that in the past .
There are some reasons for this situation .
Personally , I think this development has both positive and negative sides .
Thanks to increasing living standard , people are able to afford a bigger and expensive wedding .
If in the past , they just hold weddings at home to save money , now they tend to choose restaurants and hotels instead .
Secondly , it is likely that nowadays people focus more on appearance , so luxurious and elegant wedding is an occasion for them to show off .
It let people to know that they are important or powerful .
Finally , people have more relationships in life as well as in business .
Therefore , the number guests invited to the wedding are much more than that those in previous time .
A bigger wedding is required to meet this change .
Obviously , expensive and larger marriage have some benefits .
It is a special case to bring people together .
As a result , more new relationships are created , people get more chance to co - ordinate in business and help each other in life .
Those who losing contact for a long time can exchange current information and keep in touch again .
Furthermore , modern weddings bring to people new experiences about food , lifestyle and culture exchanging .
However , there are also some drawbacks it bring about .
These such big and expensive marriages waste a lot of money and time to prepare .
Grooms , brides and their parents usually have to book restaurant , hotel , invite singer and famous master of ceremony to make the wedding serious .
Instead of that , this amount of money can help the couple buy house or car for a new life .
Last but not least , in some cases , only for the sake of showing off , many couples , after getting married , have to work hard to earn money to pay the debt for wedding expenditure .
To conclude , marriage is a landmark of individual .
However , a wedding with a reasonable scale will either satisfy the guests or reduce the burden for the couple and their families .
It was a trip I 'll never forget .
At first , when the ski lift rose up to the station , I was terrified as I was suspended from the ground .
Some days before we had decided to organize an excursion to a nature trail nearby as soon as we arrived at the railway stop , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us that we had been walking for three hours along a path , Suddenly , our surroundings appeared to be far wilder than it had been before so we stopped trekking and we had a look at our map .
Only then did we realize we had lost our way , we had not been paying attention to our path , the only thing we could do was to go back .
As we were going back to the ski lift , we heard a strange noise which was coming from the bushes behind us .
We turned towards the bushes immediately , we were worried as we had listened to the radio that a bear could have lived there .
Fortunately , it was a beautiful deer as Bamby which looked at us and ran away more frightened than us .
Eventually , it was a special trip !
Dear to whom it may concern ,
I am writing to apply for a job in a summer camp in the USA .
I am interested in the job because this would be an opportunity of spending my summer in a more fun way .
Another thing is that : I would improve my skills in working with children and I find the money useful to expand my academic qualifications .
Firstly , I am a young college student , a friendly person and devoted to my studies . I enjoy cooking as one of my hobbies .
I also take pleasure in playing tennis , for the benefits of practising sports and staying active .
Besides , I particularly enjoy outdoor activities rather than indoor ones .
I believe this job would suit me for the following reasons : I am familiarized with the environment in summer camps as I spent my previous summer in one .
Another reason is that I have gained experience taking care of children from working as a babysitter recently .
Furthermore , I have a great sense of leadership as well as the social skills needed from being a scout for five years .
All in all I can assure you that I would be a great addition to your team of workers for all the reasons above stated .
For that , I hope my letter is taken into consideration .
I patiently await an answer .
With kind regards , Catarina
Last summer I spent in Oxford , UK studying English in language school for ESL learners .
I knew no one in the city ; my friends and family were far away , so I felt lonely .
I came to school with almost zero knowledge of English , and after entry tests , I was applied to level higher than mine .
When I went to class there was a group of students who had already studied together for some time .
Being happy together , they were not paying attention to a new girl .
There was not a chance to befriend with them , I thought .
Third school day gone , one of the classmates caught me in a hall and asked if I want to join them tonight for dinner .
I was needed practice in speaking so much , so it was what the doctor ordered !
There was the only problem : I can not communicate well in English and I was really shy about it .
But when the dinner started there was nothing to worry , because my classmates appeared supportive and patient .
This evening was so delightful !
I told them about my country and family , I was speaking English and they were understanding me !
It gave me a strong belief in future progress in learning .
The guy who invited me , Francois from France , spoke with me more than others .
Starting to spend every evening together , we spoke about past , expressed our thoughts and future plans .
Every time when I felt weak about my English he supported me like no one else .
He helped me forget about my fear , because his believing in my success made me stronger .
After two weeks he returned to France , but we keep in touch even today .
I am going to France this December , and Francois will show me independent Paris !
Hello Paul ,
Did you remember that I went to the Muse concert in Dublin last month ?
I 'm sure you remember because I spoke a lot about this event .
I was n't a simple spectator .
I was part of the team !
I was in charge of the tickets sale .
There were ten doors in the building and my job was to sell tickets at door number 5 .
I sold 567 tickets at the price of 55 € uros .
I could see the show from my place but the most exciting thing happened at the end of the show .
The artists invited all the staff to a big party in a restaurant .
It was unbelievable to speak with the artists and ask them questions about their life and habits .
Nowadays it 's common to think that travelling by car is much more conventient than travelling by public transport but it 's no true at all .
Some surveys have demonstrated that travelling by car is more expensive that travelling by public transport .
The increase in the fuel cost for example , will have surely a negative impact on the use of private vehicles .
Moreover other costs will act upon the prices of travelling by private vehicles .
In the same surveys , the researcher show how travelling by public transport is safer than travelling by car .
The annual average of crashes caused by public transport measures of 43% , instead of the private one that is around 76% .
As for the pullotion , it could be reduced if people use the public vehicles ; it is well - known that the CO2 emissions per passenger kilometre by public means of transportation are 80% less than a car .
Obviously the quality of public transport has to be improved .
Significant changes have to be done either to ensure the quality of service and the conditions of the coaches , trains and other public means of transportation .
In this way the customer can feel comfortable as they fell in theirown cars .
ESSAY : Young people in Spain are not as healthy as they should be
The latest research carried out by The Health Department in Spain show that young people are not as healthy as twenty years ago .
That could be a higher problem if the trend is maintained for a long time because public spending could raise 60 % in the next 10 years .
The reasons for that may lay in the current financial crisis that is strongly affecting over most middle classes in the country .
The low quality in products that young people eat and the little variety in eating habits could get things even worse .
Besides , too much use of computer and mobile phones is not helping to mend the problem at all .
Finally , it is proved that youths are devoting less time to do exercise than they should and as a consequence , they are not improving their general health enough .
As far as I am concerned , I think Spanish government should implement health programmes and advertisement campaigns in order to improve health in young population .
Furthermore , Spanish schools should pay more attention to this matter and teach children how to develop a healthy lifestyle .
Travelling by car is only convenient in a restricted sense while public transport is overall more convenient .
What is meant by a restricted sense is that for adults , who are healthy and able bodied , having access to personal transportation is arguably quite attractive .
They can simply travel when they choose and not be tied to a timetable that has been devised out of their control .
However note my emphasis on adult , healthy and able - bodied , for young people , for older people , for people with disabilities being able to drive brings more costs than benefits .
A public transport system is much more convenient for this group of people because they wo n't need to worry about the skill and attention needed for driving .
Furthermore the monetary costs in the long run are much better using public transport both for individuals and for the wider society .
I totally agree with this statement .
Famous people often are annoyed , because every their action will appear in the magazines or Internet .
They ca n't do trivial things such as shopping or going to the cinema with their family insensible for the fans and papparazi .
Even when celebrities are having holidays people ask them to give an autograph .
Sometimes famous people look a little bit different that on the stage and their faces wihout any makeup appear in the Internet .
From : Elena
Date : July 26 , 2015
Hello James!I had already read your email and I 'm going to try to give you some advice . I know you love doing sports , in special golf , and it helps you a lot to be in shape , but , do you really have to do it ?
Is necessary for your health but , what about if you go running in the mornings ?
You keep doing sport but in another time .
On the other hand , I know that music is your passion , and in my opinion , you should n't give up music classes , when you 're stress it helps you to relaxes you .
Also you 're about to finish your classes , so if you give up music , you will discard all your effort .
Anyways , if you feel that going to your music classes is stressful and you do n't have time to do it , try a new sport ! maybe soccer , or go running in the mornings as I said before , believe me golf is kinda funny but you do n't exercise too much as you could .
I hope this letter help you to decide whatyou will do .
See you soon !
Elena
The complexity of human behaviour is critical in Sport .
As a result of this many studies have shown that athletes shuold be motivate to push themselves above the record .
You need a motivation to believe in your self that you can achieve it .
This attitude is especially true to Sportsman and women .
Swimming includes all these abilities .
One of the most difficult sport on the Earth will learn you what it means hard work , sacrifice , pain , strain but also satisfaction , determination , pride and struggle .
The complexities in swimming are not only for the body work out but above all for the mind .
If you want to swim evryday pushing yourself above your limits , you definitely need a strong psyche and a solid motivation .
People that would to start this sport , they should know that this is not just a sport .
This is life .
You certainly will learn to fail and win but the most important thing that you will lern is never give up .
Futhermore like Michael Phelps said : " There will be obstacles , there will be doubters , there will be mistakes but with hard work ... there are no limits " .
