I would like to make a reservation for the next month , from 24th may till 28th ( 4 nights , Double room ) but I have doubts about booking policy .
I mean , after reading the terms and deposit policy , I understand I must pay the first night at the booking time and the rest of the stay it would be paid upon arrival to the front desk .
Plus , in case I cancelled the reservation 48 hrs before arrival it would charged the 5% of the full stay .
I understand this part , but in case I have to cancel the reservation , how should I do it ?
By phone , by mail or on your website .
To begin with I would like to say that doing a sport is very important to keep us thin and healthy .
My favourite sport is swimming because it is the one I have been practising for a long time ago since I was a kid .
I like swimming because it is a sport that makes me work all my body and it is also a really complete sport .
Nowadays it is really important to know how to swim because when we are in holidays we spend most of our time in the water at the swimming pool or even at the sea .
I like other sports such as football and volleyball too .
I would give the advice that this sport makes people healthy but it also help us to make new friends because while we are training we have mates in our team which we can talk to and make them our friends .
Otherwise it is a sport where you do not have contact with your friends what helps not to make injuries .
To conclude , I think this is a really good sport to start with when we are a little child to gain experience and year after year becoming better and improving .
No wonder if we say that sport is so important .
It keeps our bodies in good condition .
Actually there are two kinds of sports .
First one is individual sports and in this kind you practice your game alone and you are the only player on your team .
Second kind is team sports .
In this kind , you are one of the team and all the team play as a one person .
A lthough some people prefer individuIal games , but I prefer team games .
Because it teach as the meaning of cooperation and leadership .
Team sports are very important and they include a lot of kinds .
My favourite team sport is football .
I play football every day with my friends at club .
I found football interesting because it teach us a lot of morals such as cooperation and onest .
I also can get fun with my friends when I play it .
I think it is the most interesting sport
Famous people definitely deserved to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
I think everyone should have their private lives .
In our world lives many personalities , more or less known , such a film - stars , music - stars and so on , but why they ca n't have normal lives ?
They also have families , they also sleeps , have friends , and that 's normal . We can look at them like aliens .
Honestly , if I were in their shoes I would n't stand it .
I would feel like a prisoner , who ca n't do anything , because someone will make a photo of it , and I wo n't have peace .
Actually I have to admit , that , film stars , politicians and other famous people have to count on fame .
They must know , people will identifie them , walking through the street .
They ca n't complain , because it 's the way of life they choose .
In my opinion , everyone deserves for calmness .
Dear Sir ,
With reference to your advertisement in the current issue of the summer camp job , I am writing to you to apply for it .
In the advertisement you state that you need a person who has skills for job with children .
I would like to tell you that I have done a course in which I have learnt to organise all kinds of activities with children since canoeing from swimming competitions , also , I worked in a summer camp last yaer where y could put all the things that I have learnt in practise and it was a very pleasant experience which I would like to do it again .
Because of that , if you want , I will send you a recommendation letter from my boss in that camp .
In addition to that , I am well organised at the kitchen and I can cook a lot of different dishes .
I would be very grateful if you would consider my application .
I look forward to heraing from you as soon as possible .
Yours sincerely .
Hi Paul ,
it 's great to hear from you .
Everything 's ok .
The concert was just flubbergasted .
What a pity , that you haven't been there .
If I knew about the thing before I would invite all my mates .
It really was amazing , I think , it was a breakthrough in my perception of music .
What 's more , I did n't have to pay for the ticket , because it was a volunteer work - closing the door after people that were coming out of the concert hall .
The good thing about it was the fact , that the band(actually I even do n't remember it 's name)was playing with so much passion , that no one probably even think about leaving the place .
In a word , doing nothing was the big advantage of this kind of work .
There were many things that just stunned me in one moment , when the band started to play ...
First of all , Balkan music turned out to be one of the most irresistible kinds I have ever heard .
In my opinion music like this should be diplayed more often in the radio and other mass media .
The bad thing about it is that the band is not popular , and not many people have ever heard about it .
Mass media do not want to introduce this kind of music , probably because it would displace the mainstream - pop music .
See you soon !
Take care ,
Jim
Dear Mr ,
With reference to your advertisement posted on the web ( CareerCast IT ) a few days ago , I am sending you attached my curriculum vitae in support of my application for the following position : Graduate Project Engineer , which are being offered at your company .
I have never worked as an engineer , but I am experienced on electronics like a hobbyist since I was a child . I have my personal lab equipment and I have designed and assembled several circuits .
Please , feel free to get in touch with my teacher in order to obtain references for me : ( 5wYU8kZ1pS6@uniovi.es Phone : 34 123 45 67 89 , He speaks English fluently ) .
I live in Spain at this moment .
If you give me the opportunity to consider my application , it would certainly be a great job opportunity for me to gain experience in the engineering field and developing my professional career .
I do n't worry salary now , instead of a chance of showing my skills .
I would agree with working at minimum salary or working in practice .
I honestly think I 'll be very valuable to you .
My learning and work capacity together with my enthusiasm are the core strengths could be of great help to your company .
My degree is adapted to the European Higher Education and it 's valid in the whole EU .
I should like to thank you in advance for granting me an appointment for an interview and look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Many people all around the world love football .
Football is such a beauty sport because it is really a fun in a lot of many ways .
Football is my favourite sport and I think it is never going away in my life .
I love football because there 's a lot of enjoyment in it .
I play football for Waitakere college school first eleven as a deffender and I enjoy playing that position because it is easy for me to play .
I used to dream of playing for barcelona and because barcelona has good players I like I , for example Lionel Messi .
Because where I was born there was n't any chance for me to practise football so I can become really good like other players .
But even though I will never get a chance of playing for my dream team I still enjoy playing football . I can play with people who are good and I still have fun .
I advise young kids to train hard and play football because there 's a lot of fun .
Once you start playing football , on a young age you get really better at football .
The last hotel I went was one the best one of my holidays .
" The heaven " , this was its name , was a nice small hotel near the seaside in the south of Italy , near Paestum exactly .
When we arrived there , last summer in July , the owners welcame us with a magnificent basket of fresh fruits in the room and a variety of drinks in the fridge all included in the room 's fee .
Any room in the hotel has a balcony which overlooks on the sea so every morning , when you wake up , you hear the sound of the waves breaking on the beach .
During our stay all the staff was friendly and always available .
Even if all meals were delicious and plentiful , you could also drink or eat special snacks while you were on the sunny beach .
I would recommend this hotel to anyone because there you will completely relax and really it will seem to you I you were in heaven !
My Favourite Sport - Football .
There is perhaps notthing more pleasant than when your favourite sport is as healthy as enjoyable .
I believe that many people would agree with me , as football is the most faurite sport in the world .
Since I was five I have enjoyed playing football with my friends in front of our block of flats .
It all started very naturally .
The ball was object which provided us with lots of fun while we kicked to it and had friendly matches .
As time went by , football remains my favourite sport .
It still gives me great fun within incredible company of my friends and it keeps me fit as well .
The best time for football is a sunny day after recent rain when ground is nice and soft and air is fresh .
Football is great sport for everyone men , women , children , adults , even elderly people enjoy it .
As someone who has played this sport for ages , my advice to people starting this sport is : get right equipment , find friendly team , and enjoy the game .
Soon you will also enjoy your improved condition and better health .
I definitely recommend this sport to everyone who wants to keep fit , have fun amongst their friends , and live happy life .
Dear Jo
How have you been , my friend .
it been a long time I never see you , and you always wanted to visit Taiwan , my beautiful country .
I heard about You want to have a trip in Taiwan , I lovely helped you when you came to Taipei .
Taiwan 's culture always talked about eat .
At any time of day or night , we could see people eating in all kinds of eating establishments , from restaurants to food stalls in the streets .
I would show you the restaurant where is my favorite choice .
We also could go hiking on the mountain or go swimming at the beach , so you would have a good time in my country , Taiwan
On the other hand , you wanted to look for a job , maybe you could have part - time job in the cram school .
Many children usually did n't know how to study Engilsh , and you could help them to get there .
If you have interest in my idea , I would help you to find one immediately .
your friend
Nick
Tom and I have been training for a long time .
We knew we had a competition and that it was a really hard one .
The other team was profesional , they had won many competitions , they were really good but Tom and I knew that we could won .
Our competition was on Monday , we had one day left .
We made a schedule with all our training days and hours .
Another day was starting , another day of training , our last one .
We had to make the last effort to reach the point we wanted .
Winning , we knew it had a cost but one that we could achieve .
On that last day of training , we started with a light run .
Tom was really tired and it was really weird because it was not a hard run , I knew it was because of the nerves .
After the run we continued with our daily routine .
After three hours of training , Tom and I were extremely exhausted .
I told tom I wanted to talk about our achievements before we went home .
Tom said he was really happy and proud of us .
He also thanked me and told me that if it was n't for me he would n't even think about playing tennis in a professional way .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Dear Summer Camp ,
I am a University student .
I 'm 18 years old and I 'm interested in working in your Summer Camp .
Two months ago I worked in a kinder garden .
I know how to look after kids I even have two little sisters and I take care of them .
I have experience with kids .
I can also do different activities with kids for example : singing , running around the garden , planting trees , drawing , playing instruments , etc .
At school I learned how to cook different types of food and desserts .
I can teach kids recipes that they can cook .
I 'm the rigt person for the job because I 'm reliable and experienced .
Best regards
Karen
Sport is an important for all of us because it helps us avoiding disease , and becoming healthier .My favuorit sport is swimming .So practising this kind of sport is the best because it helps me feeling fresh and relax .
Moreover , daily excrsise is very good idea which helps us to avoid overweight and to keep your body healthier .So I always want to advise people to practise this sport or other kind of sports to avoid diseases .
Two movies .
During the last months , we could see a huge number of new movies issued by many famous European and American majors .
The two I have enjoyed the most are " The wolf of Wall Street " and " The Secret life of Walter Mitty " , or more simply " Walter Mitty " .
The first one is basically based on a true story of the main character , a financial broker , who is acted by the famous Hollywood actor Leonardo di Caprio and on how he become rich by breaking the rules and speculating on the stock exchange market .
I would define it an action movie .
Walter Mitty instead deals with the fantastic story of the main character , an archivist , whose life will been changed completely when the company he works for is taken over by one of its competitors .
Walter Mitty is acted by an excellent Ben Stiller , now arrived at the top of his career as actor .
Far from the noisy and reality of The Wolf of Wall Street , Walter Mitty offers to the audience a delicious portrayal of the main character 's life and adventures , through which he will discover his true self and will restart a new life .
Although presenting a more vivacious plot , The Wolf of Street is not able to keep the attention of the audience like Walter Mitty does .
I must say that The secret dream of Walter Mitty is a well - constructed movie that I strongly recommend to anyone who would spend a great evening watching an entertaining movie .
Dear Sir or Madan ,
My name is Rebeca Costa and I am writing this letter about the advertisement for job in the USA Sumer Camps .
I am 32 years old and even thought I live in Brazil I have a fluent English level .
In order to improve my English skills and also have a chance to meet new people from all around the world I have got very excited about that position available .
I think that I can help you on several camps activities , because of my background in volunteer work I have experience not only in the kitchen but also organising and managing some youth sports games in my neighborhood .
Please I would like to know more information on how to proceed to apply and when this job will commence .
I am looking forward to hearing from you in a few days .
Yours faithfully
Rebeca Costa
It is undoubtedly true that in today 's modern world people commute to work mostly by their private vehicles .
It seems more convenient to them to move on their own rather than tied to a public transport .
It can be argued that public transport system has been loosing its popularity in many ways .
People feel that they can get to their destinations on time if they drive their own car .
It is true in many cases as public transport like buses , trains and trams have their own specific routes and stops .
This may cause people in getting late to their particular destination .
Secondly , public transport seems to be going expensive day by day which has reduced its popularity .
People therefore find cars more affordable for them .
In modern society cars have become more cheaper to buy , which in turn has helped people to have them .
Moreover , many car finance companies have made it easy for every individual to purchase the car .
In conclusion , i would say that due to recent advancements in society , there has been a considerable increase in the car ownership .
It can therefore be predicted easily that there will be no role of public transport in the future .
I think that when you want to get famous because of something that you do ( for example : writing musical ) you have to accept what comes with it .
It 's true that sometimes paparazzi cross the line and invade their private properties which I find awful .
However , there are also those kinds of people that get famous for doing nothing or just being rich as it 's the case of Paris Hilton .
That makes me wonder who really deserves fame and who does n't , but fame is not the same as being remembered .
We can see that people get famous when they die , so , journalists are basic to create a negative or positive point of view of that person .
They are just people , but not like you or me , or at least I do n't have a fabulous ferrari to comfort me when I 'm sad .
" Nowadays , older people are disadvantaged because they lack the ability to use technology confidently . " Do you agree or disagree ?
The difficult to learn something .
In our word it 's impossible to live without using technology .
Some people said that the world could be better if it 'll return to the past where the life was more simply .
But this is an anachronism .
It 's impossible to stop the science .
The question is whether the older people are disadvantage in using technology in confidential way .
One can not ignore that it 's more easy for young people to improve their knowledge than the older .
It depends on the capacity of children to learn more fast than the old adults .
There are not doubts : young people use technology much more easily than old people .
By the way , in my opinion , if someone , for example explain well and calm the use of new technology to an old man or woman , at the end , also these people are in conditions to use it .
New technology consists , for instance , in smart phone , tablet , pc .
There are some old people who are interested to know how work technology , but others who are not interested at all .
For these last one , it 's not necessary to use technology , because they can continue to live without using it .
To conclude , if it 's true that not all people use technology confidently , who is interested can be involved in using new technology even if the final results could be lower than their expectations .
Dear Sir/ Madame ( director the film department )
I am writing this letter , because the last week I read a notice in your STUDENT FILM CLUB magazine about a movie or thriller that I like it and I can advise you .
Well , last Sunday , I went to the cinema and I watched THE TITANIC , perhaps the movie counts us , the typical story the rich girl falls in love with the poor boy .
But the best of all for me is the sinking of the ship , when it fell down to bottom of the ocean .
the film explains us how happened the fact of the same way that in the near XIX century .
The director has wanted to make the story the best real possible .
He explains us the building of the ship , why it sank , how it stood in the bottom ocean and how the people helped them one to others .
I really like the beginning of the movie , because we can see the ship when it was really new , with their chair , table and another furniture .
In my opinion I think that the love story is enclosed to explain better the sinking .
I look forward to hearing from you .
As requested by a local tourist office , this is a report regarding shopping facilitiesin my town and shops that will appeal to tourists with different interests .
First of all , there are many shopping malls in different areas of my town .
One of them which includes all interests is Afi Palace Cotroceni .
Its location is in the western part of Bucharest .
Regarding the actual shopping , it has more than 30 shops with a variety of things , from fashionable clothes to delicious food and even squaint books .
Moreover , it is a source of entertainment starting with children to elders .
In fact .
it has 2 different cinemas , one with Imax option .
Another part of Bucharest for shopping is Unirea Shopping Centre .
Called in a malicious way , there are 6 floors for jewerly , clothes , accessorises , gadgets , books etc .
On the last floor is the food court , closed aired which is by far too populated and full of smoke .
Being in the centre of Bucharest , you can go outside , in downtown to consider visiting new cultural things while shopping in boutiques and relaxing on a terasse with a cool lemonade .
Most of the time , clothes are handmade and original .
In addition to that , cheap is the best word describing the costs .
To sum up , it would seem that Downtown is a preferable place , with better value for money .
Although using your own car is betten for moving around the city , public transport has shown to be a good way for travelling lost distances with a low cost and , depending on its quality , also low budget .
There is not probably a bright future for public transport if it does n't develop as it should in the world we are living today ; that is , if enterprises continue with their current already old - fashioned business model , for sure they will lose customers , and so , benefits and weight in the transportation world .
In conclusion , this kind of transport will have to enhance if the companies in charge want citizens to use their buses , trains and other public vehicles in the future .
Those improvements may include lowering the price , reducing the times or offering new destinations and more resources .
Working holidays abroad
Introduction
The aim of this report is to share the experience of different students who had been working abroad during the summer .
In order to do so , I conducted interviews with 30 university students .
Pros
Every single one of them said that if you work abroad , you will improve your English a lot since you will be listening and speaking it all day .
In addition , another advantage is that by working all summer you can earn some money for your personal expenses .
Cons
However , almost every student confessed having felt homesick despite the fact that they made a large amount of friends there .
Another drawback is that unless you are really motivated , it will be difficult for you to adapt to a new city .
Conclusion
Even if there are some disadvantages , most students agreed that this is an amazing experience not to be missed .
All in all , I suggest encouraging students to find a job abroad during the summer .
there are few things which I am very keen and passionate of , in the whole world .
one of these it 's surely my sport .
I have been practicing swimming pool since I was six years old , now I am twenty one . this should not let you stay without a clue of how much I care about my hobby .
This is not just a sport but an extraordinary thing I do in the ordinary life , in the everyday life .
When I am tired , stressed , depressed , frustrating , sick of the passing fancies or fake friends , there is just one thing that is able to make me feel better and snap out of it : this is , of course , swimming .
So I let myself drop in the water of the pool , and as soon as I am completely submerged , all the problems , sadness and heaviness of life suddenly disappear , and that 's the most amazing emotion i could ever try .
If I had to suggest a sport to do for children , I would recommend it because whether it makes everyone be in shape , it is healthy and guarantee an upper level of wealth .
I advise the parents to let the children begin swimming as soon as they can , provided they are interested in it .
It is not worth saying each one should follow their passions .
I 'll finish saying that even when I was young if my father had asked me if I would have rather go to a swimming race or to a candy fair , I would have surely chosen the first one .
I find it difficult to have a healthy way of life currently .
First of all the environment is contaminated and these substances get to us by water , air , food ... also the clothes .
We ca n't avoid electromagnetic waves around , although we were living in the country or far from the industries .
If you want to live with health , you must understand it and try to choose between the few real options you have in your hands .
The main advice it would be to have a balanced diet : a lot of fruits and vegetables , few fats , to drink more water , etc .
Then it is very important to exercise because your body and your mind need movement .
If you do not have enough time for exercise every day you can make little efforts : do not use the lift , use the stairs or walk every time you can .
But the most important thing for having a healthy life is to be quiet , not feel stress .
Nowadays we have a hurries lives but we must stop and live our lives too .
Your health needs calm , friendship , happiness ... You must keep in contact with your friends and to spend time with yourself ( do not forget your hobbies and learn new things ) and your familiy .
I think it would be the best advice .
It is known that Internet makes things easier than ever and can be used for everything .
Some people believe that we ca n't even live without it .
One of the advantages of the Internet is that we can meet new people around the world and make friends without talking face to face .
There are plenty of webs that can search people , meet them and chat with the same interests and commons you like .
I have very good friends thanks on the Internet .
However , there are a lot of malicious software around the Internet and you must be aware .
You do n't have to do the silly or illegal things , because you will be exposed to this malicious software .
In addition , that software is created by nasty people that creates this virus to damage other people computers .
In my opinion I must express the facilities given by the Internet .
It 's all so easy with it and useful , for example you can order a pizza to take to your home
To sum up , I 'm totally agree with making friends through the Internet .
Did you know that your brain is exercised when you read any books ? You should read the topic that you prefer like news , sports , novels , economics , health , fitness , food , cooking and you can choose the material that it 's easy and enjoyable to read like novels , magazines , newspaper , technical books and something like that .
Why do I recommend it ?
When you have finished your studies and you have gotten a job where every day you do the same activities , the brain does n't work hard and you might have some problems like forget words , dates , information that you had learned a few years ago because your memory wo n't work in the same way .
I think that your brain is like your body , they both need exercise to be active and the way to get it is reading something .
I 'm sure if you read or listen to audio book just 1 hour every day , you are going to feel a change quickly . I know that getting reading habits is difficult , but you start to do it , you wo n't be able to get enough of them and you will read for pleasure .
Finally , if you get Reading habit you 're going to organize better your ideas and you may feel more energetic , if you do n't believe me , just try it .
Dear Sir or Madame
I wish to apply for the post of worker in an USA summer camp that was advertised in the newspaper this Monday .
This occupation is of great interest to me as it reflects my determination in life and requires my education , skills and experience .
With majors in linguistics ( to be more precise , the English and Chinese languages ) , I have recently garnered second higher education in psychology .
This follows that on the one hand I have extensive knowledge in how to be on good terms with different people and on the other hand I have a perfect coomand of English .
Two years ago I worked as an interpreter and an organizer of Waterski World Championship in Moscow .
In addition , as I was determined to build my career as a teacher since my very childhood and , moreover , I definetely have a way with children of any age , after graduation I gained experience at University and local school .
I have been teaching English for 5 years already and I would dare to say that this job was made for me .
In terms of my personality , I am very hardworking , enthusiastic to wide range of activities , open and friendly .
My opinion is rooted in my experience so I really enjoy interacting with people , especially children , and to tell you the truth I like cooking and experience new things in general .
I feel these skills would allow me to perform effectively in this posistion .
My enclosed resume outlines my experience in greater detail .
I welcome the opportunity to meet with you and look forward to hearing from you .
Sincerely ,
Mary J.
Badminton for every Age
It 's fast and it needs a lot of athletic skills .
A wise man in the past said once , " If you want to be a good badminton player you need the nerves of a climer , the strength of a shot putter , the condition of a marathon runner and the elegance and cleverness of a fencer . "
Badminton is my favourite sport art .
I feel happy after every game .
It 's exhausing and you have to move fast to get every birdy .
You have to be competitiv !
You can play it in every age .
I started when I was seven years old in my first class .
My coatch was very nice and mostly we played in teams .
I had a lot of fun at the sommer sport camps and I met a lot of friends .
With the badminton club in our city we traveled to different city 's and countries .
If you want to start playing badminton you should look for a badminton club near by and should sign up for a training class .
If you do n't know what racket you should buy , you will get all information at the club .
Mostly the Badminton Clubs sell all kinds of Badminton equipment for beginners and professionals . Do n't be lazy !
When you start playing you should practice minium twice a week , better three times a week .
Envide your friends from school or work .
Practice together with people in your age is a lot of fun und you will get better soon .
I play usually three times a week and I had a tournament last weekend .
It was very exciting , because there were many people from all over the region .
I lost a few games , but that 's okay .
Every lost game gives me more motivation to practice harder and every won games makes me proude and smile for all the hard work that I have done in the last few mounth .
In our Badminton Club we have a lot of members over the age of sixty years old .
I hope I can still play when I get to that age .
The sport keeps you healthy and fit .
It has been a long time since I watched a thriller , but I do remember that I watched The Hunger Games part 1 , and I recommend all the Hunger Games films .
Those films are really good , you have drama , romance , and thriller , those films are very entertaining .
I think you are going to like them because you like that kind of movies and also they are worth the while and you are not going to regret it .
Another thriller that is really good is the cabin in the woods , that movie is really entertaining , and scary .
if you like scary thrillers this movie is the one for you to watch , i do n't remember it very well , but it is also mysterious so you are going to like that one
This place does n't appear in History books , however it symbolises better than others a change in our country .
This building is situated in Barcelona , although it 's only a short walk from the magnificent Gaudi 's artwork it is n't as famous as them .
When the Civil War ended , the country was completely destroyed and people had nothing to eat .
Particularly in Barcelona , the trouble was that they could fish on the sea but there was n't an aproppiate place to keep it so they could n't eat one or two days later .
That situation must have been terrible for the population but fortunately , there is always a possible solution .
A group of fishers began to walk around the city looking for a good place where they would have brought their fish .
Finally , they found an old destroyed palace and they decided to build there their own " fish 's shopping centre " .
Neighbours helped them to make the building and after a few months , they began to use it .
This is a great example of how Spanish population could go on with their lives working together without government 's help .
Nowadays , the building has been become a luxury mall with the most expensive brand clothes .
However , the structure has been kept in order to visitors can enjoy this popular architecture 's jewel .
As the story continued people kept thinking that fish were polluted .
The homeless man noticed it too , although he did n't care because he will always obtain free food .
As always after having fish for dinner he had a strange dream .
He was dreaming it was his time to go fishing ; he went so far that he saw a kind of battle between sharks and whales .
He looked down and noticed that there was a city of marine life and the battle was n't really a battle it was a revolution , were the fish where the citizens .
Which meant some of fish were damaged thanks to the revolution , which also meant that while they were reproducing , the genes of the baby were changed .
And the new fish will not be the same conventional fish , they will taste different or simply change its form .
If there were a revolution in the city , obviously the fish would try to escape .
The fish where going to the beach were , the people fished .
That was his entire dream , he was now scared to know if that was real or not .
But it was too illogical to be true ; the good thing was that he was n't the one that would go and fish , which will be the leader .
After a few days of waking and only eating fish , they continued having the same allergic reaction to the fish thanks to their nutrition .
The homeless man had another dream where there was a pest around the forest that was contaminating all types of food .
They will notice quickly because fish will smell worse than it already did .
When he woke up from his dream kind of having a skeptic attitude , but he was diminishing it .
After walking for a lot of days , the ' survivors ' were worried , and thinking of how much they would still need to walk to find a city , also they were thinking that maybe they were going forward one day and backwards the next day .
Which meant they were in the same place , and that was the reason why they would always watch the sea ...
Nowadays , it is more and more popular to take a year off between school and university .
In fact , it is an important decision .
You start live on your own , make your own decisios and plan your future .
It has many advantages and disadvantages as well .
On the one hand , there are a large amount of teenagers who have no idea for their future .
They do n't know which university and field of studying choose .
During a gap year you have the chance to consider all the issues connected with your future .
You have enough time to try to use your capabilities and at the same time discover your own calling .
Besides , there are a great number of people who graduated school but do n't have enough money to continue their education .
The year off gives the apportunities to get a job .
In the beginning it would be a simply and without high wages job but you would get some experience .
What 's more , you can use this time to travel and relax .
You can get to know other countires and new individuals .
On the other hand , I can see also negative aspects of taking a year off .
You start your study later comparatively with your friends .
It would be more difficult to start your own life by oneself .
It is also a point that when you do n't execute what you wanted to during a gap year , you are in the same place when you were graduating school .
To sum up , I think that taking a year off is an important decision you should give it a thought before you finally decide .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing to you in order to apply for the position of a camp assistant in Summer Fun Ltd.
Last year I attended an art course , which taught me how to make interesting things only with my hands and fantasy .
I have a certificate for high achievement in areas of painting and designing things of clay .
In addition , recently I passed my First Aid Course , which was quite useful for me .
I am fond of children and I like to be around them , so that it will be a pleasure for me to gain this job .
Among my colleagues and friends , I have a reputation to be mature , responsible and easy - going person .
I grew up in a family , which members speak fluently Italian and Spain .
I believe that this will give me the chance to consider my application and got the job .
Yours faithfully ,
Nikoleta Ozerova
Nowadays , television is very important in our lives because there are a lot of benefits and advantages of watching TV .
There are lots of interesting programs suitable for people of every age .
In my opinion TV is useful because we can learn many interesting things and also reduce stress watching TV .
We can choose entertainment programs which are full of fun .
Everyone can choose something suitable for themselves .
We can find music programs which are wonderful for people who love listening to music and dancing .
When we watch and listen to music we can learn foreign languages as well .
The men usually choose sports programs , which are really popular on the TV nowadays .
It is a cheaper way to watch their favourite team than spending money for an expensive ticket .
Who does not like watching movies ?
Everybody loves watching movies !
I work at a gas station .
Today I opened the gas station at 9:30 in the morning .
I went late to the gas station today because I left my keys in the bathroom and I locked myself in the bathroom .
Someone came and opened the bathroom and I got my keys and started to work .
Today I had 2 hours driving session .
Driving instructor picked me at the gas station and from there we went to a parking lot near AMC and practised parallel parking and k - turn .
After that I practiced turns and driving on the road .
The instructor dropped me back to the gas station and from there I took a bus to Princeton and from there I transferred to another bus to my home .
Dear Madam and Sir
I have seen your English courses in the internet and suddenly I thought , that 's it what I need !
My name is Mike , I 'm 23 years old and I want to learn more English because I love this language and because I need it for my next job in the summer .
At the moment I am living in Germany , but if I could come to your English course , then I will find an other location to stay , that 's no problem !
I want to ask some questions about the course .
How much are the costs and how often will we have the course ?
I hope it will be every day because , I wrote that , I 'm looking forward to learn English !
I would be glad , if you could respond to my questions so fast if you can .
If you have any questions , please do n't hesitate to cantact me .
Thank you very much .
Best regards
Mike
Micheal is a clever Shy guy decided to find out new opportunities out of his small town after the tragedy of losing his father , he felt the need of moving forward with his life and discover his real needs , no one in Micheal 's school was able to understand this weird isolated guy , therefore he never accepted having new Friendships out of his class that ends when the class ends , then there was that girl a popular beautiful Blondie that was in the cheer leaders every boy dream , one day after physics exam she just stumbled with his bag and dropped his books out of it , sorry she said with a sad sexy look ! ,
that look who occupied Micheal 's mind then after and lead him dropping his dream of being that creative engineer and abbreviated it all on his muscles and girls hoping that he might be noticed from her , Arika the girl who was using any one can make her reach or cross a step towards her success and popularity , Michael felt that he was pathetic deceived when he saw her with the new class 's clever guy , he could n't understand that giving up man 's dream is the worst decision that will lead to failure , Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
We would like to discuss with you the duration of each course unit .
To study 1 unit per week was difficult for us , because of translation .
We were faced with the real problem of lack of time for translating , especially closer to the end when our translators have worked with very large texts .
Whether it would be possible for you to increase the period of one topic studying ? for example 2 weeks for each unit ?
Or 10 days ?
It makes the studying more effective and comfortable for us .
Let me know please .
We 're also waiting for information about you fee , order of payments and other terms of working .
Yours Anna .
I have been playing tennis since I was 5 ! I think it 's a great way to relax and also to do physical exercise .
You can play tennis either in a closed space or outdoor , so you can also play it if it is raining outside .
I do n't like doing a sport in a closed space , such as gyms , in fact , I always do whatever I can to play tennis outdoor though it 's not a beautiful day .
As I said before , I sometimes play tennis in order to relax .
Each time I have a written test at school , I play it the day before .
I find it helps me a lot because it takes my mind off .
If you want to play this sport , I have to make a really big effort and try to train as much as possible .
I reckon it 's a quite expensive sport , but if your parents give you a pocket - money , you will not have any problems .
So , definitely , if you want to try this beautiful experience , I sincerely recommend it to you .
.
- It 's so hard for me to wake up at 6 o'clock .
Every day I wake up in a very bad mood .
I 'm trying to drink a cup of strong coffee but it does n't help .
Why are you so cheerful in the mornings ?
- I thought that it was your normal condition .
As for me I 've got some rules
- I 'm just late riser person .
That half of my day I always sleepy and angry .
- So it 's not so difficult to be an early riser .
Just follow the day regimen .
And always do some morning exercises .
- Can you show me some of them ?
- I 'm afraid I ca n't .
But you can switch on some special morning tv - shows .
I will send you list of them .
They are very helpful .
- Ok .
And what about your breakfast ?
- I 'm absolutely sure that you need n't drink coffee every morning .
Just a glass of still water and some fruits .
I think you should to consult with a doctor about it .
- Sure . thank you for your advice .
2 . -
Hello , Jane , can I talk to you for a minute ?
- Yes , of course .
What happened ?
Something wrong with you ?
- No , I 'm just want to know your opinion as expert .
I 've got some problems with waking up in the morning
- just follow the day regiment .
Try to not to eat a very substantial meal in evening and in the morning
- What about the coffee ?
- Some experts think that it is good thing .
But I think you must take away it from your ration .
- ok …
- And I forget to add that you must do some morning exercises .
And in a week you will see that it 's not so hard to wake up .
- Thanks a lot for your advice .
Yes , I believe that television entertains and also educates .
Watching quiz programs are a main way to educate oneself .
We get to know about so many facts on a quiz show .
Watching history channel gives us great information about the history of earth .
Watching national geographical or discovery channels takes us into a world of animals where we get to see numerous wild animals and their characteristics which are really interesting .
Daily watching news on television enlightens us on what 's happening around the world .
Being aware of current affairs are important in our life .
There are also many disadvantages of television .
There are plenty of entertainment programs which just consume our time with no other benefits .
It 's really depressing to see kids being engrossed in soap operas or some useless reality shows or cartoons .
Entertainments are a must , everyone should take time off from their busy or hectic schedule .
But it should be in a moderate level .
If everyone uses television wisely , it can do more good than bad .
Estimated USA SUMMER CAMPS department of human resources ,
I am wrtitting this letter as an answer to the job advertisement for working in a summer camp in which I am quite interested . .
I am actually studying a marketing and market research degree at Malaga 's University , in September I will start my last year of course , which I hope to finish next year .
although I am still studying , I also work at weekends as a football referee in the province of Málaga , I consider myself as a person with a high control when I work with big groups and also a person who likes to lead groups and with a good ability to work under pressure .
I am used to work with children who are under 12 years old , because I usually do kids matches when I referee .
the only idea of working in the kitchens it really excites me , because I would like to provide my experience cooking , I started it as an obligation because my parents where always working but finally I liked it , and now I do all sorts of deserts and meals .
Finally , I want to thank you for your attention and I hope to have a future contact soon .
Best regards ,
Dear Mary ,
Thanks for your letter .
I 'm looking forward to your arrival !
I know this is going to be your first visit to Russia and it 's really great ! I 'll give you information about two ways of getting to my place without significant expenses .
The first one is to catch an express bus from the airport to the metro station " Yuzhnaya " and then to change a bus for another one going to my town where I can meet you at the bus station .
The second way is more convenient and comfortable .
I might pick you up from the airport by car .
That would be splendid and fun for both of us because we could have a good long talk and pop into a café for a snack .
As for the weather , it 's quite nice at the moment but I suggest taking something warm just in case as the weather is very changeable here .
Ca n't wait to see you !
Lots of love ,
Svetlana
Dear Mr. Green ,
I have just received your letter and I 'm glad that you have found my film the most interesting .
Thank you !
I 'm really satisfied as there were about 200 competitors and so I would have never thought to be the winner .
I 'd rather go to London and spend a day filming with the film director because I 'm going to take my brother with me and he has never been there .
I think he will be enthusiastic when I tell him the news .
I 'm really sorry , but on May 15th I have an important exam at school , so it would be impossible for me to meet her .
If the film director was available on May 18th , it would be perfect !
Mr. Green , I 'm really keen to know who is the professional film director .
Waiting for your answer .
Best regards
Antonio
The perfect hotel I would love to work should be located in my country .
Particularly , in the south of the country .
Since many European tourists attempt to have their holidays on the beach enjoying the sun shine and also discover the historical remanings from the past , Antalya ( Turkey ) is the best city to work .
So I could take the advantage of my foreign language knowledge .
The hotel should provide variety of cousins from the world , therefore the clients could eat whatever they wish .
There should be both indoor and outdoor pools .
For disable people there should be expanded services to give them easy mobility .
For couples who have babies there should be baby care services .
There should be a bar which is 24 hours opened .
The hotel should have all inclusive concept so before people go for holiday , they could calculate their costs .
In the case of workers , I would like to have accommodation given by the company .
Also the food should be provided from the company .
The most important aspect that the hotel should have , it should be opened whole year , not only in the summer .
So that I do not waste all the money in the winter that I have saved in the summer .
Cyberschool have been attempting to present their new project called cyberschool .
Cyberschool is when students receive
lessons to their computers by their teachers .
This new way of teaching pupils has received a mix response .
Firstly , being at schools with lots of other children in a class develops your social skills , but learning at home , makes you lose contact with others .
When you do the lessons , you have nobody to chat to it about .
Also , staying regularly on the computer is a way to get glasses .
Electronics are bad for our eye .
Some individuals might even become computer addicts due to the time they spend on their PC .
Let 's see .... 6 and a quarter hours of school plus an extra 30 minutes for homework ..... that is 6 and three quarters hours on the computer .
That is more than a quarter of the time in a day !
It 'll be even more if the student plays games or does something else on the PC .
Penultimate , there has been a sudden rise in obesity because of this new project .
Travelling to school at least includes 1 meter of walking , nevertheless staying at home doing work on your PC makes you less active and health .
Schools provide you with healthy food despite the fact we 'll just eat anything we want at home .
Finally , I personally disagree with cyberschol .
It 's unhealthy and dangerous .
Cyberschol are n't interested in health and safety issues !
Now that they are back home , Paulina found out that her mom was in town , so by instinct she decided to go and visit her , as well his brother that has been evading her because she taunted him by being in love with his best friend , they are n't together anymore , but that was such a devastating thing .
Genuinely she knew , that begging him was n't enough , so by going to their old house as a surprise would be at least would give her the chance to confront instead of making a chaos about it , despite this insignificant fraud she knew her mom would be really happy to see her daughter .
She called Jimmy and told him where she was going , but Jimmy did n't answer since he was at work , so she left a voice message .
The condition of the public transport is getting worse day by day .
There are only limited numbers of government buses on the road and their frequency are not good so they get overcrowded .
People board these buses out of compulsion as they have to reach office on time .
On the other hand , metro service is a good medium of transportation , it goes over the road so you do n't get traffic .
The waiting time is minimum , you get a train in every 3 to 5 minutes .
The fare of the metro train is almost equal to the other transport means .
The only flaw of metro service is its unavailability in remote areas .
After a few kilometer , you will find a bus stop but Metro stations are built only in major areas .
So even if you travel through metro , you have to take a bus or auto to reach your destination unless it is located near a metro station .
People who are rich prefer to travel by their own cars as they can take any route and drive as per their convenience .
In public transport many people do n't get a seat and have to stand throughout the journey , it is very exhausting especially in a long journey .
While in a private vehicle you can sit comfortably and enjoy your journey .
If we take out the cost factor , there is not a single reason for anyone to travel through public transport .
Many crimes such as pickpocketing , eve teasing , violence , etc take place in public transport .
It has been an easy target of terrorists to plant bombs , so if you are traveling through a bus , you accept the risk .
Everyone can not afford a car so public transport would be there but in future as well but fewer people will use it .
Recent graduate vs. experienced worker
Our company is a small and based company which works within the same field for almost 50 years .
One of our seniors workers will retire in a month and therefore As I 'm in charge of the Human Resources department has to start the search of a new employee .
Hiring a new employee is not an easy job .
It is a commonly held view that an experienced worker will facilitate the search of .
However , I would like to review another options such hiring a recent graduate from a renowned university .
Any experienced worker would bring a sense of calm , steadiness , wisdom , commitment and experience of course .
He will contribute with his life experience , and he will request for better working conditions as salary , family times , and health insurance .
However , a recent graduate will be avid to accumulate knowledge and fearless of trying a different approach .
In my opinion , recent graduates are ambitious , without prejudices and most of them are not family people as of yet .
Their lifes are focused on their careers .
In conclusion , I would say that a recent graduate would be a great asset for our company as they accomplished our targets .
Nowadays , many young people use more and more social networks to speak to each other .
However , it can have a bad effect on their lives .
What disadvantages does it have ?
Firstly , it is true that they have similar relationships that we could have many years ago .
The only difference is that they use different resources to keep in touch , such as emails and messages , instead of writing letters , which took much time to arrive .
In fact , it ccan help them to speak with their friends more easily .
There is a strong argument for believing these resources can prejudice their writing skills .
While it is true that social networks help shy people to make new friends , it is also true that young people write their messages with abbreviations .
After doing this regularly , they tend to have problems at school because they start to write incorrectly .
There is another problem relates to safety .
Generally , young people do n't have any problem in posting their personal photos on the Internet .
They also publish their conversations on the internet .
But when do this , they expose a lot of details about themselves , details that everyone can see , especially strange people .
In conclusion , I think that social networks can constitute a big problem , especially for people who are not aware of what dangerous there are on the internet .
Dear Ann ,
I 'm so happy to hear you 'll come to visit me !
Now I explain to you , how to reach my home from the airport .
After leaving the airport , you have to take the bus number 14 and you have to get off at the third bus stop .
After you can take the bus , which drives you to Chiari .
In Chiari you have to get off at the train station .
You surely remember that place because the last time you came , you told me that it was the worst train station where you 've never been .
There you 'll find me waiting for you .
In May the weather is usually sunny , but in the evening could be colder than during the day .
If you do n't want to catch a cold , you should bring a jacket and some trousers .
Let me know the exact date of your arrival .
I look forward to seeing you to spend together this month .
Best wishes ,
Emma
Dear Maria ,
I am glad to hear that you are interested in visiting Brazil next summer .
I suggest that you visit a village in the south of Bahia called " Taipus de Fora " .
It is a little village where you can experience a different culture , find local handicrafts , eat good food and enjoy beautiful beaches .
It is a good place to spend your holiday and a perfect place to rest .
Near " Taipus " , you could visit " Barra Grande " , where you can see the sunset at " Ponta do Mutá " and eat seafood overlooking the bay .
Television currently occupies a very important role in entertainment , however , one of the problems that society has faced since television became popular is that it is a distractor in education .
It is believed , there are ways to make TV can help educate .
There are educational programs and channels which transmit good documentaries , but most people prefer other types of programs , such as cartoons , soap operas and soccer matches .
In addition , many of the educational programs are not transmitted by broadcast television and people without cable system , have no access to these .
So the TV could become a useful tool in the educational process if more effort is put into this , from the television programming to the preference of society-
It is argued that whether the government or teachers have the right to determine what subjects should be taught in schools .
In my opinion , although there are some advantages if teachers were responsible for this task , I believe that the government is more suitable to lead this mission .
There are two main advantages of teachers deciding what subjects taught in schools .
Firstly , each teacher would be able to teach courses according to their own expertise , which leading to a more advanced and high - quality teaching .
Secondly , teacher can select subjects that are more useful for local culture .
However , what students learned might be biased to certain aspects .
And it will be difficult for examining students ' ability in a national scale .
Moreover , not all teachers have the ability to design a high - quality course map .
If the decision is made by central authorities , the most obvious advantage is that the estimation for students ' grades could be standardized in the whole country .
For example , a fair grade judging system is essential in an Joint College Entrance Examination .
Although some drawbacks may exist when this task determined by the central authorities , a committee comprising experts in different disciplines can minimize these drawbacks .
In conclusion , while there are advantages and disadvantages for both central authorities and teachers leading this task , I prefer the government to do so .
Nowadays , a lot of people say that friends are the family that you choose .
In my opinion it 's true , however , family is a very important part in your life and you have to take care of it .
On the one hand , friends is like a family because you live together a lot of experiences and adventures .
They are essentials to share secrets or any thing .
It is very important that you choose genuine friends .
It is better to be alone than badly company .
On the other hand , family is very important .
Not only because they than taken at world but also they are always say the truth .
Not only what you want to hear .
They to want better for you , and always they will be by your side .
In conclusion , so family and friends are very necessaris in your life .
It is important to take care every moment at his side .
If you feel love , share it!Every day may be the last .
Both texts contribute different approaches to music industry .
Accordingly , the first one considers if the activity has been affected by file sharing whereas the second analyses the live performance success in the present technological era .
The first text asserts that file sharing benefits new artists and offers listeners a wide choice of styles , despite the fact it is believed that file sharing is detrimental for the music industry .
Additionally , the writer suggests that it has some potential which can be used by CD industry .
The second text assesses the attraction of concerts despite the present high quality of recorded music , and suggests that the reasons to succeed may be the communal experience and its offer of different songs and performances that make the live performance an unforgettable experience .
As a matter of fact , I agree 100% with both texts .
Regarding file sharing , in my view , music industry should adapt to new technologies and habits of users .
On the other hand , personally speaking , I 've always felt amazed by the attraction of concerts over large audiences , thereby in my opinion , the second text offers a good reasons to explain this phenomenon .
Hi Peter !
I was really pleased to receive your email .
I 'm very excited about your arrived in Santa Cruz next week ; I 'll give you some advice about awesome places to visit .
The weather in Santa Cruz is boiling this season , you should bring light clothing .
The first place you could visit is FEXPOCRUZ , you will be astounded with the gorgeous girls and the fascinating business you can get it .
I remember that you are fascinat with Nature , and you could go to Guembe to eat a delicious typical food , you will see an amazing view and a lot kind of tiny butterfly , there are amount of variety .
Santa Cruz is growing every year and now it is the biggest city in Bolivia and I like to live here .
If you want sightseeing in downtown and enjoy the nightlife , I know a funny place where we can dance and drink a lot .
You will not regret to visit Santa Cruz .
If you need more information about this city , let me know .
I 'm waiting for you ,
very best wishes ,
Mirtha
My favourite sport
I think my favourite sport is cycling and swimming in summer or spring and skiing in winter .
Why these sports ?
Because I can cycling and swimming almost whenever . I might say in every season .
That 's the main reason I love it .
When it 's cold I always go to a cover swimming pool and when the weather is warm or hot and the sun is shining I always go to a reservoar .
Instead of cycling in winter . I would n't do it because according to my opinion it is quite dangerous .
The roads can be frozen .
And the skiing .
That 's the one of the possibilities which and I can do in winter when I want to be out . Instead of a walk or snowboarding .
But I like it because I go to the mountains with my friends every year and we always have a lot of fun and that 's a great time for each other of us .
I think it has more positives than negatives . I do something for myself because I 'm on the fresh air and I do some activity for my body .
And more , I have an opportunity to meet new people .
Maybe one of my best friends in the future .
On the other hand , I can have a cold and temperature or something like that .
But I can manage it .
Casar de Cáceres , Feeds Smiles .
Casar de Cáceres is located in the north of Cáceres , you can see a lot of amazing things in this spectacular villa .
Walking around the mysterious streets can be a great experience , we can find some really nice people , including pilgrims crossing the village every day following the historic path of the Via de la Plata is located in Casar .
Discover this beautiful town with the five senses ;
Watching the sunset die between the humble houses and four chapels , one in each of the cardinal points , dedicated to Santiago , San Bartolomé , Los Mártires and La Soledad .
You can smell and taste the gastronomic delight that offer , such as the stunning Torta del Casar with denomination of origin .
Finally , you be able to hear and feel the nature and peace that you can find in this paradise .
Come to visit !
Mari Paz Sanabria Montez .
2º ADE - TURISMO
Owing a car certainly makes trips faster and easier .
Many drivers regard travelling by car as a future means to travel which helps people save much time .
However , others believe that public transport is better due to the fact that public transport is environmentally friendly .
To my belief , there does exist a promising future for public transport .
It is a known fact that travelling by cars is less green than by public transport .
In the present - day society , sustanable development is of paramount important as our environment is being destroyed on a fast pace .
Using public transport helps save up resources such as fuel and electricity .
If ones insist on travelling by cars , they are , in fact , producing greenhouse gases which are given out by their cars .
It is surely not envirnmentally friendly .
To preserve our environment , taking public transport is a must and a global trend in the future .
All in all , public transport should be an indispensable part of our future plan because we have to protect our beautiful environment . Travelling by cars , although much more convenient , is never a clever choice for the betterment of our future society with the severe environmental issues .
Public transport is still vital part of society and should remain as it is .
If everyone start using car for traveling ; the road wo n't be enough to everyone as there are seven billion people in the world ; and even for environment it is better to use as less as possible .
On top of that , fuel consumption would be too high as we have limited availability of fuel resources .
The government and public body should start thinking about it and to save the society public transport is the best .
Certain age people wo n't be able to drive a car so that they definitely need the public transport .
I can understand the use of public transport is decreasing now a day , but there is still future for it .
Everyone should think about it which is really vital for the society ; and specially the international body should do something about it to motivate people to use public transport as much as possible .
So in summary to save the environment , to make the road accessible to everyone public transport should have been used and we all should try to educate people about the importance of public transport .
Michael was a 25 years boy .
He was very beautiful and many girls wished him to become their boyfriend .
But he did n't want any girls because he loved only Jessica .
Jessica was 21 years old .
She was his neighbour and they love each other from when they were young .
They live in a little town in the Massachusetts .
But one day she decided to take off for Australia to visit some relatives .
He asked Jessica to come with her , but she did n't agree because before marrying him she would try to see if their love could hold out against everything , also the distance .
So she prepared her luggage and she went to say goodbye to him .
He was very angry , so he told her : " if you leave , do n't come back to me , nevermore . "
She was disappointed and try to explain her thought to him , but he did n't want to understand her reasons .
He was afraid to lose her and he did n't want to try to trust her and their love .
" If you think so go away , forever ! " told Michael .
Jessica did n't answer , but she looked at him for the last time while she walked away .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Shopping guide for tourists .
If I were a tourist , I would like to have a great shopping guide with an enormous variety of shops .
This way , I could choose the one which I prefer .
Then , I would make the next recommendation .
Souvenirs store .
When somebody travels , this person wants to never forget the place he has visited .
Then it is very important going to this store and choosing an object that makes you remind the most exciting day of the trip , a gorgeous monument you have seen , ...
Fashion store .
Usually , girls can not spend many days without going shopping and buying some clothes .
These girls could go to an outlet which is near to the art gallery .
There , you can find all the styles of clothes that you can imagine .
Therefore , you will be assessed politely .
Sports store .
This shop is loved by the most sporty people in the town .
If you are like them , it will raise your eyebrows due to the huge variety of sports equipment you will see .
Nevertheless , the sport store is a little expensive .
To sum up , in this town you can find all sorts of shops .
However , these three ones are the most visited by tourists , so they will not disappoint you .
Some people say that are not future for public transport .
They argue that a large number of people prefers travelling in private transport , because it is more comfortable and convenient .
But it is true ?
Travelling by car can give you a certain status quo and make you feel more independent , besides the comfort and convenience .
However I believe the public transport still be very important in our society and has a huge future .
Firstly , travelling by bus or in other public transport,(as underground ) , help us to decrease the emissions of gas , which causes pollution and global warming .
Secondly we all know that the public transport is cheaper than the private transport .
And the last , ( but not the least ) , public transport is muche safe than the private , because it transports much more people , and so , there is more cauttion .
Detoxification , a method people often use to lose weight , has not been proved by the science .
People think that it is a common and effective way , but I believe once there is no scientific evidence , it should not be brought to the weight loss process .
In fact , some people just understand an aspect of this method , that is to say , they have applied wrong method .
Take an example for this , some teenagers drink detox water instead of meals for three or four days in order to lose weight quickly .
However , the way has brought some unexpected results due to their wrong concept .
In fact , some deaths have been caused by bringing detoxification to weight loss process , because they follow the majority without carefully considering .
Generally speaking , the method has not been demonstrated by the scientists , so it is better to avoid it in order not to get some unexpected consequences .
Film stars and politicans are interesting for people because of their talents and special abilities .
Of course , people want to know some facts of personal life of famous people , but often star dont'n like when journalists try to get in their life .
On the one hand , famous people try to hide thier life from journalists .
In the everyday life , the internet has became one of the most important things and it is becoming more and more influental .
On the first hand , I would like to talk about the fact that with the help of the internet we can easily stay in touch with any of our friends .
There are community sites like Facebook , which have a built in messenger .
This messenger can help us to chat with our friends without meeting them .
On the other hand though , people can become anti social , just because of the lack of real face to face meetings .
In the second part , with the internet we can follow the news and current affairs very quickly and we do not have to wait for the news on the television , and we do not have to buy newspapers .
It is more time efficient and in my point of view it is more easier .
However these news can be false .
Last but not least , the internet is for fun .
There are a lot of funny websites which can put you in a good mood .
In conclusion , the internet have pros and cons , but it can be very useful and fun to use .
Gnadenthal is a very small , consisting of almost only one single drivable road village , which is not famous for its size , though .
What is really special about this little village is the Christian brotherhood , living there more than 1000 years .
That probably is the reason why the local circumstances are still similar to the ones of the Middle Ages , exclusive of some infrastructural improvements that made deceases like plaque redundant .
The few houses themselves are set around a very old , Romanesque church , which is bordered by a traditional farmyard for growing sheep and cows .
Nearby , fields with growing vegetables can be visited , which never has been altered by any modern machine but only by the power of hand and cattle .
Gnadenthal is exceptionally suitable for people who want to take some time off their hard and stressful daily life in order to find calmness and to think about themselves in a way of their character .
Since there is no chance for any distractions because of the missing digital infrastructure , any guest will experience a four - day visit the same as a four - week journey in the usual western world .
This enables him to get used to the traditional way of life of a monk .
In addition to the farm work , living in a society of trust in each other is essential for these people .
By conserving this place , the opportunity to gather a great amount of psychological enrichment is conserved , too .
Hi bro , Whats up by there?.I'm going to recommend you to give up from sport , as I told you too many times , sport its bad for health , it makes you to be all day with legs or arms broken or something like this , and the music is improving and stimulating your brain and intelligence .
But also I told you that if you are so good in sports you might get a grant for your studies which will get worth it so I do n't know , in my opinion I would continue with the music if you are good at cause is better for your brain but also sports can relax you and make you disconnect so if I were you I would think about it and compare which of both of them you like more or makes you feel better or relax more or just makes you laughed or have a good time .
Well there is my opinion I will ask some friend about and I will try to write you another letter in a few days to help you more , also if you have another problem , do n't forget to ask me for help please , I will help you in all you want .
See you my Nigga ¡
Nowadays , my favourite sport is running .
Generally , it seems a modest sport or simple hobby , but permit meeting more and more people along the urban streets who make jogging too .
Then you realise that running is a way of life , a healthy way of life .
So , I enjoy running alone or with friends , because this sport have a lot of possibilies , more than I believed when I started to run after finishing High School .
At the beginning , I had a flatmate who loved cycling and running , even in a city like Madrid .
Therefore , we went out at night after university classes and we preferred soft soil paths than pavement .
Later , I have had more roommates , colleagues and partners even who practised this sport , which is among the most fashionable ones at this moment .
Moreover , the races are masser and masser and more and more popular .
But , for the beginners , I would suggest a lot of patience and persistence , and practising with company because running may be bored , tired , dangerous , even , but if you get a strong spirit and will power , you 'll see how you can reduce your physical and mental weaknesses .
Keeping up one 's fitness is an important thing for everyone .
Many kinds of sport which the favourite of mine is Karate .
Karate is not just a sport .
It 's also a teacher in my life .
Karate made me strong and let me know how to face something I scared before .
I enjoyed it and got achievability from it .
Through the train of Karate , I understand myself really .
The train of Karate helps me overcome many difficult things on my learning way .
If you want to try it .
Karate is not a difficult skill sport .
It 's an easy and a good healthy sport .
Just like playing a game .
Opening your mind , do n't be chicken and you 'll find different one about you !
Public Transport with no Future
Even though there have been many efforts to make people use their car less , we have to admit that this battle is already lost .
Since most of these public transport amendments have been remedial rather than something planned foreseeing future problems , they have only been of limited help and , therefore , they have only worked for some time .
This has resulted in only the very in - need people using public transport , and the vast majority of people still use their personal automovile , with the incovemiences and safety being an excuse .
Indeed , using public transport is not only unsafe and uncomfortable , but also unhealthy .
One ca n't imagine how many germs ( virus included ) lay on a hand bar waiting for a skin to rush in .
Only thinking of eat makes me crazy .
So , little by little , and as economic conditions of people improves , public transport will eventually disappear .
At first , I have to admit that I hate any kind of sports , because I know I 'm not good at them .
In the past , I tried to play basketball , tennis , ping pong and so on , but the outcome made me depressed and less confedent .
However , after I came to New Zealand , I found a special sport which does n't need any ability , trekking .
The biggest benefit of trekking is that you can enjoy fantastic view from the summit of mountains .
Also you are able to choose a place to go depend on how you feel .
Especially in New Zealand , there are some beautiful islands and you can get to them by ferry easily .
If you are interested in trekking , you should buy water - proof clothes just in case .
If you do so , You do n't have to be worried about bad weather any more .
Do n't forget to bring some drink as well .
In some place , you will find difficulty in finding it .
To conclude , trekking is one of the most enjoyable sports even for people do n't like sports like me .
Let 's start trekking as soon as possible , otherwise you will miss opportunity to see fabulous scenery .
During the last decades , the number of cars used in big cities has increased steadily . Proportionally , air pollution and deaths associated to traffic accidents have also augmented .
One way to reduce those negative consequences is to foster the use of public transport .
However , there is a great debate on whether this is really a good solution .
Public transport is a more efficient way of using energy .
It moves more people per liter of oil used and contaminates a small fraction of what it would had been if every passenger had traveled using an individual car .
However , public transport lacks some advantages only found when using our own car .
Instead of taking your seat right home , you need to go to a more or less far place in order to take a public transport , and wait for the time it is scheduled to arrive .
The action has to be repeated when you leave the bus or train at the end of your journey .
One thing which we could be sure is that the world is changing but public transport existed in the past and will be in the future .
First point , which I would like to menchioned about is cost .
You need to spend a lot of money when you want to buy it , when you want to insurance it and use it .
Cars are n't cheep and if you think that is easier to move form one place to another when you have a car , you have got a point but there is a lot of considerations which you should occur like : gas , insurance or parking cost .
Moreover , you should recon about comfort during the travel .
When you driving by the car you should be focus on the road , you need to think what could happen , what the other drivers want to do and which way you should chose .
That could be frustrating especialy when you have long road and you need to spend long hours driving .
Finaly , the word conviniend for everyone means something dirrerent .
For one person that would be option yaht you have car which is parked along your road or on your drivway and on any time you could go whenever you want , for the orher that would be pleasur that they coud enjoy the trip without thinking about any car 's issues , They are faitfull that they could meet some new people and take part with others life .
I 'm in the class 4B in Liceo Darwin in Rivoli .
Being there has some advantages and disadvantages .
I can start with saying something about advantages : we are not just classmates but we are friends .
Many of us hang out together during weekends and they have become a group , like me and my other three close friends , but also " best friend " .
We usually meet three times a year all together to eat a pizza in the city center .
Another advantage could be teachers : they are quite strict sometimes but they make us studying harder and this is not so easy to do with teenagers .
But the most important one is that if you are too bored or tired you can look out over a great sight of Turin or mountains from a class ' window .
But there are some disadvantages like stairs because we are at the second floor . We would like to keep fit but we have to use too many strairs to reach our classroom and that 's so annoying sometimes .
We share the floor with another school and it has a different timetable and the bell rings 10 minutes before and it makes me confused but I really like 4B and I would n't change it .
Are they the best invention ? : Cars
At the start of the 20th century , almost no - body had a car .
Nowadays , almost everyone has a car !
But is this a good thing or a bad thing ?
Cars can be useful for several reasons .
Firstly , they allow us to travel fast by road , mostly to the exact place we want to go .
Furthermore , travelling by car is a very comfortable way of transport .
For instance we can use cars radio to listen to some relaxing music , or listen to news while making our way to the place we want to go .
As you may be concerned , cars are very useful but they also have some disadvantages .
Nowadays people are depending on them too much .
Cars are being used even when not necessary .
In addition , cars have been increasing the world carbon emission and that causes the ' Ozone Layer ' to thin down .
Finally , for our car to work , we need to fill them with fuel , which is expensive .
To sum up , cars have advantages but , on the other hand , they can also create problems .
In my opinion , cars are one of the best and most useful inventions .
Unfortunately we should be careful with the way we use them .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm really happy to hear from you again .
You gave me a fantastic new saying you are coming next year !
You 've chosen the best country for attending university .
Italy is well regarded about its education .
Travelling could be a good way to improve your lenguage and to know better Italy .
You should absolutely visit Rome and Florence !
These are both amazing because are full of history ; in the first one you can still see Romans'monuments instead Florence offers lots of Medieval churches .
Meaybe you 'd choose to attend univeristy in one of these cities !
Italy offers lots of work opportunity during summertime .
It is a turist country , you may work as a waiter in my city .
Tell me exactly when will you arrive as soon as possible !
All the best ,
Grazia
Adam was twelve years old , a clever boy in his school , always gets the top marks and participate in most activities , known for all the teachers and students .
He also participated in the school football team and won the state club .
Despite all previous things Adam was alone , has no friends in school or in abbeywood street in Queensland where he lived in Australia and Adam was very annoyed about that and what make it worth a boy called Johnny who had insulted him and Adam did n't want to have a fight with him .
two weeks later , Adam began to make some friends but from his bad luck , they were n't very good friends , they used to make troubles and do n't do their home work in time .the boys were Fernando and Louis in their seventh year in school as Adam .
The math teacher in school Mr Michael was a very good teacher who takes care of children in school .
He realized Adam 's marks are getting low and he involved in some troubles in school and began to investigate him .
In the final exam Mr Michael caught Adam cheating and inform the school 's manager who suspended Adam from all other exams and forced him to repeat the year .
In matter of fact Mr Michael should have provided some advice for Adam when his marks got low but he didn't , and the consequences were very bad so , Michael closed the door and know at that moment he had made a mistake .
I live in big city , the capital of Spain , so there are different transport .
I prefer to use the train or the tube , because they are punctual and because there are a signs where you can see the time less .
Also , every three or four minutes you can get on the train .
There are buses too , but I do not like them . Depend on the dot , there are traffic problems and you must wait a long time in a bus stop .
I am from a small island where only there is a form transport : the bus .
I am from a little town and I must wait one hour to go to the city center .
It is awful if you do not have a private transport .
I propose to use fewer cars .
I know this is not easy but there is an ecological and cheap transport : the bicycle .
For short distance it is a good way to do exercise and to avoid contaminating .
Of course it is not a way for long distance , but step to step , the traffic problems will improve .
For almost the entire duration of " Now you see me " , I was confused .
But let me tell you that I was confused in the best way , not because it was rather wacky but because happenend unexpected .
There 's no question that this film by director Louis Leterrier is the most original and thought - provoking stories I have seen in recent years .
In fact , the box - office hit when it was released and the film went on to gross over 350 million .
The plot revolves around an FBI squad who face , in a game of cat and mouse , a team compounded of the best four illusionists .
They are called " The Four Horsemen " .
They carried out a series of daring robberies against corrupt business leaders during their performances , sharing out the stolen money with their audiences .
As far as the storyline is concerned I have to say that the film is really fast - moving .
Regarding acting , taking into account that it is a big - budget film there is not much to say .
It is fairly well played by actors , such as , Jesse Eisenberg , Morgan Freeman who play their role perfectly , making the film light - hearted .
If I have to stand out any weakness I will say that is a bit predictable .
Let me explain it .
As it is a movie related to magic tricks when a sequence is played and it seems simple and easily understanable you know that , indeed , it is not .
If you do n't like films that make you think , this film is not for you .
On the other hand , if you are looking for a film that is extremely gripping and can keep you guessing , it 's definitely the right choice for you .
We must reduce exam stress from high school students .
Exam stress leads to many bad consequences towards High School Students .
These consequences vary , one example would be that students may get lower grades on their exams , or even fail them .
They can also have constant mood changes and high levels of nervousness , since they may have lost many hours of sleep whilst studying for a certain exam .
As a result , many High School Students may not concentrate during classes , or whilst studying since they have many things on going through their heads ( since they 've been studying a lot ) .
Based on all the problems listed ( and many more ) , we must find solutions that will help both students and professors to deal with exam stress .
One of the solutions I would give is to hand in study guides to the students .
This will help them as a method to study or review for the exam and reduce their levels of stress .
The study guide does n't need to necessarily be a long and complex one ( since those may cause them stress too ) ; they may be just a quick review with a couple of concepts and exercises .
Another simple solution I think could help is to study as well as to review content during sessions before a certain exam , to help the students study whilst still having a class .
The previous are the best possible solutions I would address in order to stop once and for all the problem of stress thanks to exams , in which most of the cases , as the previous paragraph explained , leads to many more .
When I was a child I used to spend thousands hours playing football , anywhere I could .
Always dreaming becoming a great player , playing in a stadium crowded , clapping their hands looking at what I did with the ball .
When I grew up I realize sooner than later , that I will never be nor a good neither a bad player , and they said that I was one of the worst players ever lived .
Then I decided to study engineering and becoming one the best engineers ever .
Long after that due such I was a natural talent about engeneering , I began to write books and essays about everything realted with my job .
Life becoming bigger more and more .
Today you need more than what you needed yesterday .
People looking for comfortable easy life .
We are all looking for that without great difficulty or effort and one way to achieve this goal is to study abroad .
Many students today like to study abroad to get high level of life to get their life job and experience a new way of life .
Studying abroad can enhance employment opportunities .
companies are looking for well educated people with a good experience to hire and students more likely to fit their choices .
With your certificate you can easily fine a job .
Universities are also a rich place for big opportunity to get there if you have studied abroad .
You can work at a university as a lecturer and get a high salary .
Students who go to study in another country experience a variety of life .
They meet new people and make friends with students from different countries .
Try new food in completely different places .
They can explore cities in weekends or academic breaks .
Learn how to do everything by themselves and become independent .
To sum up , studying abroad is a great chance to get a great job as you have higher education with much more experiences .
Moreover , you can learn many things and expand your knowledge , have friends from different backgrounds .
Dear Paco ,
Hi !
How are you ?
Do you remember our arrangement ?
InBy February we 'll have finished our exams and we 'll have more free time .
For that reason we 're going to putting our name down at the gym and the swimming - pool .
Furthermore , on Tuesday and on Friday we wo n't have class and we will be able to go running and cycling .
Besides I 've a big surprise , apart from remembering our agreement , my father is taking up hiking with his friends and he has offered us to join in .
What do you think ? We could go on Sunday morning .
Nevertheless , what about having lunch on Saturday and speak it quietly ?
Answer me soon
Best wishes
Julianete
Dear editor
I 'm writing in response to the announcement in International Sports Monthly .
I would like to say that my favourite sport is birdwatching .
I know that this is something strange but I really enjoy it .
To begin with I am interested in birdwatching because from when I was young and I want to be a biologist when I grow up .
Birdwathcing really relax me and bring me closer to the nature .
Furthermore I enjoy being able to recognise the different species of birds .
If someone wants to start birdwatching , I think he should be interested in birdwatching first .
This means that if he does n't like it , he will definitely give up immediately .
So if someone really want to birdwatch , he should first know what species of birds there are in the area that he lives .
Then he should buy a pair of binoculars or a telescope .
To sum up I believe birdwatching is a really exciting sport but you must like it to start it .
Sports or hobbies could be great options like new activities in order to plan in my college , however I believe there are others which could be provided for us and it would be interesting to take part in .
Do n't you know to say in the presence of a huge audence ?
Are you nervous when you have to speak on public ?
The new activity which I have thought it could be organised and it could have success is called " The Club of dicussion " .
It let us improving our hearing and speaking skills .
In addition , it could be interesting although you do n't have to do physical actitivy , because of your capacity to redaction a speech , support an idea , have a connected speech will be got better in this kind of activity .
What 's more , it does n't require a specific place to take place in , it could be trying anywhere .
I think that the allure of this activity is you can meet a lot of people and share with them that experiences .
Moreover , I think that it should become a reality because the field of the activity is so broaden and it could be useful in other plenty scope even in your daily routine .
In conclusion , making a speech contributes on our social relasionships and it allows us to define our personality .
I think that my college must provide an activity which is focused on the social abilities and it teaches you how you must speak in front of a multitude , and why not could be this ?
Dear Lucky ,
Thanks for your last letter .
I am glad to understood that everything is OK about you .
I am very grateful that you will help me with searching some information about colleges in England .
Actually , I am interested in science , especially area between chemistry and physics .
Also , it will be interesting for me tuition , which refers to biology and influence in different kind of chemical compounds over the human body .
You know that I had learnt biotechnology at school in Bulgaria .
Please , check for me , which colleges provide these subjects and when they start .
I want to know if it is available a grant .
If so , what is the criteria for giving it .
Last , but not least , what is the fee ? I want to find a college , which is not so expensive .
Thanks a lot for your support !
Write to me as soon as possible .
Best wishes ,
Niki
.
Customer satisfaction is much great when he gets service which has value or quality much greater than he expected .
If service meets only the expectation and does not provide anything more than it , means customer satisfaction is there but customer would not feel great .
If service is not meeting expectation of the customer or its quality just below expected , it causes customer dissatisfaction .
This will result in consequences such as negative feedback .
In this context it can be concluded that 78% of the respondents are satisfied with both the customer services of builders and results of Vasthu .
Rest of the respondents have positive feedback .
The factors which hinders other respondents from giving very positive feedback may be either dissatisfaction caused by customer service or failure of meeting results of vasthu to their expectations .
I like watching movies a lot .
It is one of my favourite free time activities .
I like all kinds of movies . Comedies always make me laugh and I like it .
Also , I rest from the routine while watching it . I can relax and just watch , laugh and talk to my friends .
Another reason why I like comedies , there is a wide variety of this kind if movies .
You can choose what you want to watch .
Personally I , watch a comedy movie almost every evening .
It makes my mood better and I fall asleep while watching it .
I respond to the article " White House calls for ' genuine choice ' in Hong Kong elections after petition attracts 200,000 signatures " on SCMP .
I feel sad and angry to know that 200,000 Hong Kong people support this website .
They are short sighted and seems that they are brain - washed by radical democracy thoughts .
People who signed in the website were colluding foreign powers to suppress our own country , China .
I think this is traitors ' action .
They do not have basic loyalty to their own country .
Using foreign powers to threaten China is a kind of unwise act .
Hong Kongers , being a Chinese , should not inhibit our own country , with other countries .
In fact , china will not be moved by this , and this will aggravate the contradiction between Hong Kong , China and the US .
China has the power and freedom to decide the way to settle the dispute .
The US and other countries should not disrupt it .
It is better not to interfere the internal political affairs when they do not know lots about China 's politic conditions .
The US is really a busybody .
As we all know , Occupying Central is illegal .
The US is supporting this illegal activity indirectly .
The US always keep " rule by law " as their catchphrase , but Occupying Central is betraying the Hong Kong law .
So it is very strange for US to say " rule by law " when they support Occupying Central .
In Occupying the Wall Street , the US did not seems to be much more peaceful than Tiananmen Massacre .
According to Wiki encyclopedia , FBI called the occupier as " terrorist " and decided to suppress the dispute as settling terrorist attack .
So the US has no qualification to criticize China .
Apart from this , the president election in the US is full of unfairness .
I do not know if there is filter for president candidates , I just know that the ballots are counted in states .
There are different number of residents in different states , but it uses the states to represent the residents . I do not think the election is fair enough for the US to ask for " real democracy " for Hong Kong .
Is the US really target to get Hong Kong into a democracy area ?
I think not , but a democracy " country " .
After Hong Kong gets " real democracy " , the US will drive Hong Kong to be independent .
The US always target on dividing China into many small , weak countries , then it can break up a competitor of itself .
And it can even occupy the broken China to get interest in it .
Let us see counties that the US introduced " democracy " to it .
Egypt , Iraq , Libya , Syria , there were chaos for " democracy " everywhere , and the next , might be Hong Kong .
I am afraid that Occupying Central would lead to chaos that similar to Tunisian Revolution .
The signature collection of the White House now ended .
China has not take any further action .
I really hope Hong Kongers that signed in the website could think again what they were doing and how harmful it is to China .
And I really think the US could stop picking on China .
Learning many ideas and knowing detailed facts both are considered crucial for students education .
Some people think that knowing fact is more easily and practicable .
Nevertheless , others consider learning ideas and concept is the best way to confront many academic and real - life problems .
In my view , l completely agree with the idea that it is important to students to learn idea and concept than learn facts .
I would like to explain my reasons .
First , learning facts can help students to solve one kind of problems that they may face .
However , ideas and concepts give people competitive edge in dealing with other similar issues .
For example , once I do n't grasp an idea that my teacher have explained in class , but just remember facts .
When I do my homework , I find the problem is different than the case discussed in the class .
While , I go back to my textbook and try to realize ideas and concepts .
I work out the problem easily .
From this experience , I learn that I do not just remember facts , but try my best to understand ideas and concept .
thus , I can solve many kinds of problem simply .
Second , learning ideas and concepts support self - education greatly .
Consequently , you can reach high academic levels .
It is easy to know facts from people around you .
However , learning ideas and concepts need more investigation and understanding many of the academic textbooks . .
Nowadays , there are limited time for any teacher to cover all point in a certain subject .
When , students catch the idea of any topic it will be easy to understand all issue related to it deeply .
For instance , when I was in senior year in high school .
I took physics class .
It was massive materials on a specific issue , but I attempted my best to catch its notion that made me recognize any unmentioned points .
In sum , absorbing ideas and facts is the most effective strategy .
Not only do student learn more in their studying , but also they help students understanding many facts in our life better than any other ways .
If you ask me , who is the person who I admire the most ?
I would say you are talking about my father .
He is so brilliant , he speaks three languages , plays several instruments , and the most important of all , he is a man of remarkable principles .
When he was younger , he worked to the government but he had to quit because of the corruption .
He always wanted to have his own business , he used to say , if you work for somebody you are part of the problem , but if you hire people to work for you , you are part of the solution , so if you want to be successful , be your own boss .
He travelled a lot , he knows Barcelona , London , Paris , Stockholm , Miami and so many places .
He taught me my basic English , to playing tennis , to play the guitar , to dance , to sing and I can continue counting .
So , if I can end my days , been a little bit like him , the work will be finished and I could say I have been a good father just like him .
When I try to create in dreams , the home of the future the first thing , which I have in mind is new technology . in my opinion , homes in the future have to be different , this is connected with our society and development .
To begin with , I consider that many of homes , which will be create in the future must have robots .
A lot of them .
They are designed to doing all things related to housework .
In general houses could have open space , a lot of windows and light everywhere .
And one of the most important thing for me , new homes should fly in the sky .
In my opinion , inside they will be looks still in the same way , maybe more technology connected with new inventions .
One of the most impressive solution will be swimming pool in the sky , near area .
All in all , future houses will be looking more like airplane , and less like normal home .
They will be more comfortable and useful for our community .
It was a sunny day and I was with my friends at the beach .
Because it was our first day at Algarve , we decided to explore , a bit more of the area .
We picked up our things and start to walk .
The first thing to visit , according to the plane , was the Albufeira center .
We find a very cosy and traditional houses , the market was very populary , with a lot of people walking around , and the people were very nice to us .
The next place was a restaurant near the beach .
Near the restaurant we saw a very strange thing .
We saw a boy drawing my face , but I never saw that boy in my all life .
We decided to go talking with him .
He started being nervous when we question where he saw that girl .
He sad that girl , that he was drawing , is the most beautiful girl that he ever met in his whole life .
He explain that he saw that girls in the beach .
When we saw me in front of him , he immediately invited me to dinner with him .
Because I never heard beautiful words like that about me , I accepted the invitation without thinking .
When the night comes I went to the restaurant that he invited me to go .
I was dressing a short red dress and a black shoes .
The boy , Ruben , was wearing a shirt with a brown trousers .
The dinner was amazing .
Since then we have been in touch and by now we are dating . I think this is extraordinary .
Ruben is a very cute guy and I do not want to lose him never .
When I was younger , I did n't like any sport .
I tried with swimming , and I was found that so boring .
After that , I sign up into Karate classes but I did n't like combat sports like this .
But one day , my sport teacher gave me the opportunity to became a basketball player with nine years old .
Since that day , basketball became as my favourite sport .
The main reason which makes me love it , maybe that 's the teamwork , the feeling of unity when you 're in a big team and the sound of the net when the ball goes into the basket , it makes you go to the seven heaven .
That 's for sure .
You would like to become a basketball player too ?
All right , I 'm going to give you some advice .
If I were you , I would remember always a tip of Michael Jordan . "
A player could win a game , but only a team could win championships " .
If you remember that , and understand it , you will become a great basketball player .
I 'm sure .
All of us are surrounded of plastic , plastic is needed in our everyday life for a lot of things .
For this reason when a woman and her family decided to live a whole month without plastic they had to change treir live style .
Nowadays there are a lot of products which have plastic or they are wrapped in plastic so it could be difficult to live a whole month without it .
However this family believed that if they arrived their goal , they would reduce the amount of plastic rubbish .
So they would help to stop a bit the problem fot the UK 's recycling system .
This family says that they had to change their diet too , because of some of their usual food .
Such us yoghorts , biscuits , etc was wrapped in plastic .
So I think that from my point of view it could be difficult to follow this life style much more than a couple of months .
There are a lot of products or food , which are needed in our life , and they are match with plastic .
However I also think that it 's important to be concient with the environmental concernts , so some ideas like this could be good to reduce the rubbish .
To sum up I think that it 's important to know that we should recycle plastic as well as carton , glass , etc .
In order to do n't waste energy .
So we can use the plastic in a responsible way but we have to know that we should n't follow this idea until the extreme because we need plastic .
Witness
Sitting here alone , six floors up on my little balcony , when I heard shots and saw boys running .
The first thing I thought was that there was a CONFLICT between someone .
And then , I saw something black not moving in the LANDSCAPE of the woods .
I knew a body was lying there and knew it was dead .
A 15-year - old boy , the papers said .
A Bunch of sirens , cops and spinning lights were down there .
I watched till they DRAG him away , and then everything got quiet again as it there was nobody , so I 'm sure the cops will ENFORCE the guy who did this .
I did n't see them till next morning .
I 'm looking down at those woods .
A couple 's coming slow on Frankstown with a girl by the hand , had to be the boy 's baby sister .
They pass through Mason 's bar and stop exactly next to the spot the boy died .
How do they know .
Then they started to put and REWARD flowers were the boy died .
How do these people find the spot .
Could they hear my old mind working to guide them , lead them and TREND them and get up out this damn wheelchair and take them by the hand .
But I was in POVERTY , so I could not go and take them .
The guy who killed that boy really need to have a INCENTIVE to kill him .
That was an unfair death .
If there was a machine that can go REVERSE in the time , I might could save him .
But , unfortunately , were not in the future .
The other benefit of living abroad is an incredible personal experiences .
When you meet unique people with amazing stories .
For example , you may meet someone who has travelled nonstop for 20 countries and visited most of the countries on the plants .
Therefore , this experience opens you up to different ways of viewing the world which may alter the rest of your life .In addition , it gives your children a much better understanding of other culture when they attend international schools .
This results in it will change their lives and expand their prospects in the future .
Hello Jo
Congratulations !
You 're very lucky because you have free time to travel and work abroad .
I hope you have had a high score at the school .
My country , Spain , has a lot of beautiful cities and places to visit .
If you like mountain , you could start your travel on the North , a region called Asturias .
There is a well - known mountain , Lagos de Covadonga .
You could spend some time walking and visiting the region .
There are good meals and drinks : " fabada " ( with beans ) and " sidra " ( it looks apple juice ) .
Near the mountain ( about 20 kilometres ) you can find beaches , but I recommend the beaches on the South , Andalusia .
There are many kilometres of coast and there are a lot of sites and parties to enjoy all the time .
If you come here on February , you will enjoy a lot in Cadiz with the carnival .
If you come on Spring , you have to visit Seville , and you will enjoy the Easter Week and the Feria week .
Travelling in Spain is easy .
You have many roads , motorways , so you can rent a car and travel by yourself , without table - fixed times .
Despite , if you dislike driving , you can use public transport : long distance trains , buses , etc .
At the end , to look for a job , I think the best option is Madrid , which is the capital city , and there you will find a job easily .
I hope you enjoy your travel and see you soon .
Paco
Not differently of much of the world sports lovers , I 'm sick about Football !
Not just a really competitive game ; Football is a full mix of art , creativity , dedication , hard work and team cooperation .
Even if you are the best player in the whole world , you have always to play for your team - or else , be ready to be overcame by your foe !
When a very skilled player finds himself in a hostile work environment ( with talented but selfish players who are n't committed to their " team play " ) he tends to lose performance and lack good results in matches .
Sometimes , the real spectacle does n't take place in the fields , but in its surrounds !
Supporters of traditional clubs can be very passionate .
Usually , when facing tough opponents or decisive matches , they turn the stadium in a really large party in order to intimidate the adversaries ; coloring the benches with flags and jerseys - sometimes building wondrous mosaics to express their delight .
If someone asks me what is the most important thing to start practicing ( or even following ) this terrific sport , I 'd say it 's the passion in wearing your club 's jersey and the respect towards your adversaries ' .
Every country has got its own history .
For years of wars and difficult situations the history was creating people 's beliefs and convintions .
It was creating a culture .
People were building new castles , palaces and churches .
Yes - churches .
I think religion means a lot for people- especially polish people .
I want to describe a story of the Monastery of Częstochowa .
Its a city in Poland strongly connected with a dramatichistory of our country .
The monastery is situated on a hill .
The icon , depicting the Mother of God with the Christ Child , known as the Black Madonna of Częstochowa was imported from Russia in 1384.And since then a lot of pilgrims has been visiting that picture .
Some people probably think - there is not anything special- usual picture .
But in the 17th century there happened a miracle .
Polish people had to defend Częstochowa and rescue their countryBut the polish resistance was smaller and smaller .
Immediately the fighters of Sweden began to stop attacking a hill .
Polish soldiers managed to repulse them .
In 1656 polish king John II Casmir made Lwów Oath .
He promised that the Madonna of Częstochowa will always be a polish queen .
I think it is a perfect example of an important historical place in my country .
I think everybody who lives in Poland must go to Częstochowa .
When you were a child have you ever asked what are you able in ?
Or were you sure about your favourite sport ?
What are the sports you usually do ?
But , most of all , do you enjoy them ?
Athletes are extremely strong , probably they might fall in love with a sport at the first sight .
On one hand we have the people who lives on their sport , on the other hand there are ones who do any sport , indifferently , because it is just a way to lose weight or a way to spend their free time .
Unfortunately , I have not a favourite sport , although I 'd like to .
I just go to the gym twice a week to attend a course and I swear I have never sweated more .
It is likely you would have got more self - confidence if you had worked harder during a course .
So , for the unlucky ones like me , my suggestion is If you did not fall in love with any sport , you should try a course ! You will surely feel better and more relaxed after that .
Places to enjoy
The aim of this report is to give advice about the best places for the young people in my home town .
Cultural visits
Tarragona is an interesting and beautiful place for spending your time .
You can visit museums , roman monuments and also the cathedral .
TArragona is near Barcelona .
It is an important city and there are a lot of attractions .
You can go by train , by bus o maybe to rent a car .
Restaurants and clubs
You should go to the restaurants located in the harbour of Tarragona .
All of them are based on the typical Mediterranean cuisine .
Mirabel , Aquamar and Siroco are the trendy restaurants .
They are very comfortable and cosy and a good price .
YOu could go to clubbing in Tarragona but if you travel in summer it is worth the effort go to Salou .
It 's a village close to Tarragona .
AT night has a special atmosphere .
Relax
The best option to relax is to be lying on the beach .
Watching the Mediterranean sea .
Conclusions and recommendatios
Tarragona and surroundings are a good place to visit and to know their culture .
Everybody can be a good teacher for younger people .
In my opinion , parents are the same and they can be great teachers for their children .
Several reasons can support this idea , but I try to focus on the most important ones .
First , Parents are a great source of experience which can be helpful in teaching .
Secondly , they have a close relationship with their children , which results by feelings and emotions .
These two reasons may be enough for every child to consider his / her parents as valuable teachers .
As mentioned earlier , Experience is a prerequisite for every teacher .
In this respect , parents have so many things to teach to their children .
They have faced with different events in their lives and every event has had many lessons for them .
It does n't matter that they have failed or gained success on those events , the important thing is the experiences they have got from those events .
In this point of view , children can always ask their parents to teach them some new lessons from the large source of infinite experiences .
I myself , have faced with so many cases that helped me to understand the teaching ability of my parents .
Once I was 18 years old , I had to make an important decision about my university major .
So I just made a quick decision based on some research on the internet and some personal favorites and priorities .
I was hoping that , my decision was the right one , but it was n't actually . I had chosen electronic but my parents told me to have some more research and consultations with the graduates of different majors including electronic .
I did their recommendations and I totally changed my idea .
There were some aspects that I was really unaware of them .
So by considering different ideas and opinions , finally I chose computer engineering as my university major .
Now I am graduated in this major and I am really satisfied with that .
So , Parents ' experiences can make them strong teachers for their children .
Parents ' closeness to their children can be another reason that makes them good teachers .
They are really close to their children in the terms of feelings and emotional matters .
They have a strong familiarity about favorites , skills , talents and all other valuable information related to their children .
Regarding this information , they can teach their children and help them to make reasonable decisions .
I remember once in high school I had to make new friends and I was dubious about my situation and it was a great dilemma to choose the best ones .
So I came to my parents and asked their help , they presented the best recommendations for making the decision , then I could make the best friends that I can easily go along with .
I am really satisfied by my parents as my indisputable teachers .
they have really saved my lives in different cases .
So parents can be the best teachers regarding their emotional closeness to their children .
All in all , parents are a great source of experience , which can help them to be good teachers .
Also they have so many close relationships with their children , which makes them a trustworthy characters as teachers .
I hope a day that all the children rely on their parents as their teachers .
what I usually do in my free time .
I really like reading many kinds of books , magazine , etc.when the weather is bad , I love sitting in my favorite armchaire , near the fire place and reading .
I enioy to hear the rain while I am reading at home ...
Howhever I like very much walking too .
When the weather is good I often go out with my friend for a walk in the countryside or do shopping .
I also love watching films at the cinema or on tv .
I prefer comedy and romance , but I like triller and drama too .
At least I enioy to take care on my garden , where there are many flowerbeds with a lot of kinds of flowers .
Dear Laura ,
I am glad to hear you and know you have bought a new computer game .
Actually I do n't like very much the computer games , because in my opinion they are so boring!I also think these games get a sort of dependency , like the alcohol or the drugs , so they can be very dangerous !
I really prefer doing other kind of things on my computer , like to surf the Internet , to study English , etc .
For example I use my computer to prepare exercises for my students or to look for funny and useful laboratory 's experiences of chemistry .
See you soon .
Kisses .
Sara
A terrible holiday
Last year I decided to go on holiday with my friends .
We like very much the sea , so we looked to rent a little cottage on August at a lovely place in Sardegna .
We arrived at the island in the morning , after a long journey on a ferryboat .
Then we got on a bus to arrive at the house which we had rented .
The cottage was really fine , with a fantastic view of the beach .
I looked forward to go on the beach and to swim in that wonderful wather .
But the lucky was n't with me !
In fact I was ill all the time and I only could look the sea through the window of my room !
Dear Jeanny ,
I am always glad to receive your letter !
My favourite TV programme is Quark .
This is a documentary about the science .
I like watching it because in this programme I can get a lot of information .
For example I can know about the Big Bang , the origin of the universe , it 's fascinating !
I can also look about the astronomy , the fisic , the chemistry , the biology and many other range of the science .
In this programme I can have information about the last scientific discovery and the
technological development .
In my opinion it is one of the most interesting programme about the science on TV .
A kiss .
Sara
What did you understand about the job advertisement ?
This is a job about all the information material on a cruse , and media manager works with other managers on a cruise .
Every day you heave new news about cruise , excursion , weather and many other information about cruise .
If you want information early morning , we well can get newspapers in your cabin .
Media manager follow information on panel , change information depending on weather , trip and many other information .
What happens if you change the route on a cruise ?
You can change all the information on a cruise and inform passengers about the plan change for the cruise .
To take care of our bodies , we eat well , exercise and make sure to get enough sleep .
We also have to take in mind taking care of our environment , in order to have a healthy life .
In my town we protect the Environment Around us :
By recycling , by tryng to reduce the transit , walking and cycling , that also impruves our health and fitness .
People from all eages must help to clean up the city and protect the wildlife .
At school , children had been tauhgt about how to do an apropiated use of the electric energy .
there are many people that offered themselves as volunteers to clean the city , and had been very helpful to make the city cleaner and more attractive .
There also a lot of plans for the futre , in order to start using electric cars .
The title of one of the best thriller movies I have ever seen is " Seven " .
" Seven " is a story about a psychopathic serial killer , who kills on behalf morality and ethics .
In particular , the killer kills seven people each one corresponding to those - that according to the Christian religion , are the seven deadly sins .
All the murders show characteristics reflecting a specific deadly sin .
That provides , especially to one of the two detectives who are investigating about the crimes , a trace to follow in their investigation .
In the movies are some references to the Dante 's " Divina Commedia " Italian poem as well as to the Bible .
The film is excellent because of both a very exciting and engaging plot , and great interpretation of the main characters - the serial killer and the two detectives .
To my mind , shopping has both believers and opponents .
The first one claim that shopping is a big pleasure and fun .
The second do n't agree with them .
In my opinion shopping is not always enjoyable .
Many times when I was on shopping , I was unhappy or disappointed for different reasons .
First of all , we can like or even love shopping , but not always we have have enough money to buy items we want or need .
It 's nice go through shops and take leave with hands full of bags .
Unfortunately , we realize at home , that our wallet is empty .
That makes us sad .
What is more , shopping may affect our mood or even body in a bad way .
When it comes to bargain sale , on such period people start to behave like animals and rarely think reasonable .
They walk very quickly , even run to get the last thing which is left on the store .
They sometimes almost fight for it .
It 's really dangerous .
All in all , shopping in it 's intention is an enjoyable action which often makes us feel happy about it .
Nevertheless , some people treat shopping too seriously and as a result become addicted to it .
To whom it may concern .
Hi to everyone ,
My name is Daniela and I 'm eighteen years hold .
I 'd like to present my application because I think I 'm the right person that you are looking for the job described in your advertisement .
I speak both well English and French and I 'll be free all the summer until the end of October because I 've just finished High school .
There , over the last two years , I 've been a Leader of a group which was involved in the organisation of Courses for young students with learning problems .
At the same time I was one of the leader in the " Scouts " , so I 've learned a lot how to come together with people and to take care of them .
I was in the school swimming team and I 've got the first - aid certificate .
I 'm chatolic and I play the guitar in the Church 's choir .
Each years , in the summer holiday I 've worked in the " Summer camp " organised in our neighboorhood both helping in the kitchens and organising sports and various activities for children between 6 and 13 years hold .
Carefully , your Daniela
In the wonderful world of cooking that we live where we have a lot of products and chefs so good , I would want to visit an Italian restaurant because I love cheese and I think that Italy is the best place where you can eat a different types of cheese in the world .
The perfect atmosphere for me is a modern build that it has different rooms with different styles : modern , classic , gotic , etc .
When I eat in a restaurant I hate two things : people smoking and the high level of voice of the people .
Whereas , I love two things too : a friendly waitress with her traditional black clothes and a light on my table that make the night more romantic if you dinner with your couple or more relaxed if you dinner with your friend .
I think that an Italian restaurant is a great place for my class because there they can choose between different fantastic dishes for example : pasta , pizza , seafood or pork .
Besides , they can drink many wines .
However , not all it is ok , a trip to Italy is so expensive and many clasmates ca n't go it .
I enjoyed the time off from the University .
My time off from the University is significant to my personal development .
learning can also take place outside the University campus .
As such , we develop through interacting with their environment .
While on holidays from the University .
I travelled to my country of birth where I was able to meet my family member , relative and friends .
I was able to inspire some members of my family to send their children to University .
I told my friends and family members the importance of University Education to our community .
I visited many interesting places i.e. nature reserve , historical places , zoo , rivers etc .
Also during this period , I was involved in a local community project to build community hospital . while on this project , I interact and shared ideas with other professionals on the project .
While on the time off from the University .
I took a part - time employment with the local housing company .
This part - time job gives me the learning opportunity to develop my skills and understand the practical aspect of my career .
This practical experience gave me the opportunity to understand the importance of supervision .
I enjoyed the monetary values of this job .
I earn some money to pay my University fee and rent for three months . I also received a very good reference from the firm which was passed on to the University .
They would like to offer me another opportunity for work placement on my final year at the University .
Good Morning !
I 'm Mary and I 'm writing you a letter because I would like to work in your summer camp .
I live in Milan with my parents but I 'll move to the USA before the end of spring so I would like to find a job there to make some money .
My parents are both English native speakers but to learn more about the culture I studied languages at the university and now I 'm graduated in English and French so this job is also an opportunity for me to improve my English in another state and not only with my parents and family .
In Italy I worked as a babysitter for a couple of months , I took care of 3 kids : 1 child is 7 years old and the others 2 children are both 11 years old and back then I had to cook for them lunch and dinner .
At the university I was part of the football team and we won the championship against one of the most athletic football team in our country .
I think I 'm an energetic person , that likes all the types of sports and activities but the most important thing is that I love kids and playing with them makes me really happy .
I would like to take part of your staff so please let me know if I can work with you !
Thank you for your time !
Bright future for public transport
The convenience of travelling by cars benefits the majorities of us in a modern society .
It is efficient and private .
Car manufactures desperately seeking new technologies to improve the features of a car .
By making it more modern , powerful and economic , they have successfully attracted more customers than ever .
In Canada , the vehicles per capita is 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
There was once an interest saying that North America are the nations on wheels .
Car has brought the epic change to our lifestyle .
We depend on cars so much as if they are our spare pair of foot .
As result , the rapid increasing of cars on the road brought negative consequences .
Firstly , vehicle 's emissions can cause detrimental effects on the environment in many ways .
Such as global warming , soil and water pollution and acid rain .
Secondly , vehicles contain many different fluids , including motor oil , antifreeze , gasoline , air - conditioning refrigerants , and brake , transmission , hydraulic and windshield - wiper fluids .
In most cases , these fluids are toxic to humans and animals , and can pollute waterways if they leak from a vehicle or are disposed incorrectly .
In addition , traffic congestion has become another worsen problem .
It spread massively in much of the world and has many negative impacts of all aspects .
In 2010 , a recurring massive traffic jam that happened in China caught worldwide media 's attention .
The traffic Jam slowed down thousands of vehicles for more than 100 kilometres and lasted for more than ten days .
Many drivers were able to move their vehicles only 1 km per day , and some drivers reported being stuck in the traffic jam for five days .
It is considered to be one of the longest traffic jams by some media .
On the other hand , modern public transport has been improved progressively in the past decade .
Its comfortable , efficient and economic features have been attracting more young professional .
By taking a subway , you will be able to guarantee your arrival time for a class or an important meeting ; In some big cities , public transport plays a big role in a modern society . with great coverages and efficient routes ,
subway has become the most popular commute tool .
For instance , in New York , the subway system contains 232 miles of routes .
In 2013 , the subway delivered over 1.71 billion rides , averaging approximately 5.5 million rides on weekdays.[2 ] Shanghai Metro system are 14 metro lines and 329 stations , with an operating route length of 334 miles , with 2.5 billion rides delivered in 2013 .
On a normal weekday over 8 million people use the Shanghai Metro.[3 ]
In addition to the convenience of public transport , the fare is much cheaper compare of driving a car .
Some professional companies even offer their employees free public transport pass as a benefit .
The public transport in my city is very convenient .
Even though our subway system is still developing , the main line that pass through downtown , several universities and popular city spots is very popular and has been many tourist , students and professionals 's prior choice for commute .
There are some park and ride stations allowed car drivers to connect with the subway , It is very convenient and encouraged more people to drive less .
If I have to get to somewhere on time in rush hour , I will first consider the subway over drive a car .
Eco - friendly awareness has positively affected young generations .
Taking subway to work has become a trend and all the changes that happening today will sure lead a bright future to public transport .
[ 1 ] Wikipedia , Motor Vehicles Per Capita
[ 2 ] Wikipedia , New York City Subway
[ 3 ] Wikipedia , Shanghai Metro System
Dear Ann ,
I know you 're coming next week to Rome and I would be really glad if you could come to see me .
I am going to explain how to get to my place from the airport .
First of all , once you arrive you will need to get the train , which stops at Tiburtina .
From there take the bus 45 and stop at Piazza Rubiani , I 'm do n't live very far from there , it will only take a couple of minutes .
So , from Piazza Rubiani take the second on the right which Via Priscilla and stop at number 27 .
Should you have any problems , just give me a call !
I ca n't wait to see you .
Love .
Adri
I think it could be a good idea to try the restaurant " The old clock " .
The restaurant is charming and fascinating , located in the old town 's center .
It 's an ancient brewery which keeps a particular atmosphere .
The menu in not really wide - this is good in my opinion , because I 'm quite suspicious of the restaurants offering too many dishes ... The restaurant serves fresh food only , depending on the season 's products .
There is also a good choice of food for vegetarians , so Mike and Ann will have not a problem to eat .
The downside could be the waiting time to eat , because all the dishes are prepared at the time of the customers do the order .
But it 's a guarantee for the client : the food is great indeed !
The location is informal and the service is good , the owner and the waiters are friendly , you feel at home .
You can listen live music or a DJ on Friday evening , it 's really fun !
Last but not least , the price is good , especially compared with the quality of food and service .
As the concert finished , I heard someone call my name .
A man put a small envelope in my hand and went away .
I opened it and I could see a common C D inside .
When I got home , I played the CD on the CD player but it really was n't any sound !
At that moment the phone started to ring , I pick it up ... but no one answeared me when I asked ' Who is that ? ' .
I was beginning to get very nervous when somebody Knocked the door .
I opened it but there was nobody there !
Suddenly a loud noise was heard in the room and I woke up .
I was lying on the couch with a mystery novel in my hands!. It had all been just a nightmare!.
All over the world , the number of overweight people is growing .
What to you feel are the main causes of this ?
What are the effects ?
Obesity is one of the most important challenges of the current society due to the fact that people suffering from it has been growing alarmingly .
This essay will look at the some of the key causes and effects of overweight among people .
Firstly , food habits such as fast food and sedentary lifestyle are some of the main causes of surge in weight among people .
For instance , there are many studies by various bodies in the US show that more and more teenagers are spending most of their time in front of TV or computer playing video games , they hardly perform any sort of physical activity and also indulge in fast food .
This shows that fried or package food and complete lack of exercise are the chief reasons for increase in obesity among young people .
Secondly , bullying among teenagers and rise in heart attacks are some of the main effects among people who are obese .
For example , it should be noted that , recent studies by WHO has revealed that obese people are prone to bullying and there is rise in number of cases of heart attacks among young people with obesity .
This example shows that people with obesity not only suffer from bullying but also from heart attacks .
Having looked at both causes and effects of overweight among people , it is recommended that people take care of eating habits by reducing the intake of fast food and also take time out to exercise to lead a health lifestyle for their own benefit .
Dear friend :
How are your things ? I went to our new shopping centre last week .
I spent a really good time with my boyfriend , this place is outside the city centre of Granada , in Spain .
I liked this shopping centre because it has a lot of women 's shops inside , the facilities are quite atracctive and very up - to - day , the green zones are wide and it is supplied with a lot of wooden benches .
I bought two kinds of clothes , casual clothes for every day and outfit for an occasion to my cousin 's wedding the next month .
See you soon ¡
Best regards
BEA
Peter looked at his watch and knew he had to do something immediately .
He had been stuck in this blizzard for a lot of time .
He did n't know what to do , he tried to call someone , but the line did n't work .
He was starting to get nervous , he was arriving late to his sister 's wedding , it was probably the best day of her life and he was n't there with her .
When the first hour had passed he decided he would go walking .
When he opened the door a cold wind whipped him hard but he did n't care about it and kept going .
The sky was cloudy , the temperature was below zero , the wind made him not being able to walk and it 's now when he realized why was her sister celebrating her wedding on these dates .
He began to feel wet and that was when he noticed that it was raining heavily .
He could n't believe it , but he could n't stop walking he had to get to church .
Peter opened the door and everybody turned around to watch him .
He was wet , cold , starving and outside the weather had worsened , the road was flooded and the cars could n't pass .
But Peter did not regret having walked in the pouring rain , because he had been with his sister on her special day .
There are plenty of sports . some can be practiced indoors , some outdoors and others in water .
For me , these are the most incredible sports that anyone can perform .
Swimming is one of the most complete sports because you use every part of your body in order to sustain and advance the water .
The ideal is to start practicing this sport as children , because the oldest you are is more difficult to overcome fear , but it is never too late to learn to swim .
This sport combines the movement of arms and legs with breathing , as coordination between these parties is crucial .
Among the advantages of swimming we can highlight the following :
1 .
to delay aging , it increases memory and the ability to move .
2 . burn more calories , because in the water , the muscles work 5 times more than on outside it .
3 .
Improving the respiratory system .
4 . Eliminate back pain and bones .
5 . Relax not only the body but also the mind , so that the stress decreases considerably .
If you want to know more and learn to practice this sport , we recommend attending a specialized school , there are many good and not so expensive , where you can count with the support of a qualified instructor who will give you the confidence to start .
Hi Keiron ,
Hope you are doing well .
As per our discussion earlier on the Service Guide Sales communication , I would like to ask you if you already have started to prepare the background and sales communication materials for having these service guide and how to use them .
We are aiming to deliver the Service Guide materials in Week 25 to the marketing colleagues for translation and localisation .
The countries will have 6 weeks to localise and production ( till Week 32 ) .
Following our communication to the marketing community , ideally we should also inform the sales community with the sales communication materials and guidelines .
I propose to have a meeting to discuss the process / timeline and align our communications to the marketing and sales community .
Would you be available to meet on Monday , June 02 .
Looking forward to hearing from you .
Kind regards ,
The article is devoted to the characteristic of the objective aspect of a crime , responsibility for which is provided by Art .
134 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation .
Various points of view are given concerning concepts of sexual intercourse , sodomy , lesbianism .
On the basis of medical and legal provisions as well as jurisprudence the author formulates definitions of the mentioned actions of sexual character .
Also , the imperfection in formulation of specified article is stressed .
On the basis of more weighed and reasonable approach the new edition of Art .
134 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation is offered .
Hi Tom ,
You welcome , I 'll be very happy to put you up . I'll show you the marvellous venues which are situated in my hometown .
To coming to my accommodation , firstly you must take the National Express ' coach .
You must find the bus stop on the side of the car park .
You must take the number 748 .
Secondly you 'll get off at the Galleria .
It 's a shopping centre , which is situated in Hatfield .
On the opposite side of National express ' bus stop there 's the bus stop .
You have to catch 712 bus up .
It brings you directly to my subburn .
You must get off at London Road bus stop .
Finally you will find my apartment near the bus stop .
This is the cheapest way to get to my home that I know .
About the weather forecast for next month , I 'm afraid to tell you that the temperature might fall down .
I suggest having a coat .
If you need further details how to arrive at my apartment write to me soon .
Take care
Maurizio
There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
As you do not have to wait for set time tables and follow fixed routes .
You can go anywhere you want and even during the night when the public transport is scarce or it could be unsafe .
Driving your own car gives you more freedom in travelling and increases your sense of independence .
However , a car is not always more economical to run because for example , you have to pay road taxes , insurance , and motor tests .
Not to mention the combustible .
Generally speaking , cars generates more pollution than any public transport .
The main reason of this , is that cars use diesel or petrol , whereas trains use electricity .
It is also important to mention that people who drives its own car most the time travel on their own .
Finally , another advantage over private cars is that it reduced the traffic chaos .
To sum up , I think the future in transport is just starting up .
From 17th to 20th March me and my schoolmates , and also the 2 M , went to a trip to Sicily .
We stayed here for 4 days and we visited Taormina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala and a little part of Trapani .
We flew from Orio Al Serio to Catania : to me was the first time I took an air , and it was amazing , but at the beginning I had a little bit of headache .
When we arrived in Catania the bus driver bring us in a café to have breakfast .
Then we went to Taormina and we visited a lot of things : the Greek theatre , Corvaia palace and the Sicilian ' pupi ' , Roman Odeon and a public garden and other beautiful places .
Then we had lunch and went to ' Giardini Naxos ' and we saw the necropolis .
In the evening we went to Siracusa and we stayed in the hotel because we were tired .
The next morning we visited Siracusa and in the afternoon we went to Ortigia island where we had a little bit of free time .
From Siracusa we moved to Agrigento where a lot of us stay in the hotel that night .
In Garigento we saw the ' Valle Dei templi ' and a museum and in the afternoon we moved to ' Santa Maria Dei Greci ' .
We saw also Pirandell 's house , and after this we went to Marsala . during the evening we stayed in the hotel and in the morning we saw a museum and then we moved to Trapani where we visited the saltworks .
Then we had free time for 1 hour , but soon we had to go to the airport to take the air and come back here .
It was an incredible trip !
I have an unusual car .
It looks like regular cars but has some advantages .
First of all , my car has high speed .
Secondly , it can fly .
Besides , my car is considerably powerful than other means of transport .
It does not need a fuel because there are different forces which raise the car in the air .
My transport is blue like the sky .
Using this transport I will go to New Zeland then Australia and other countries .
I want to see tropical animals , birds and meet with local population .
Besides , I am going to look migration of the biggest animals of the world - whales .
Travelling by car is muc more convenient , as many people say , but public transport is much better for the environment .
There are now 8 billion people living on our earth and if everyone would drive a car , the smoke would be so high , that we could n't live here anymore .
Many people use public transport every day and I think this is good for our communication , because we can talk to other people .
It is also good for our environment because there is just one bus for 80 people .
There would be much more exhaust if every person is driving a car .
Public transport will increase in the future , because every year there are more trainstations , and more streets .
The Weeping Angel is a thriller full of haunting beauty and intrigue .
It unravels in the modern New York among anonymous office buildings and empty - eyed crowds .
The hero finds all his friends disappear one by one .
Looking for traces of those he loved , he stumbles upon a truth that was hidden in plain sight .
Only by looking in the eyes of the stone - cold danger can he evade the disappearance himself .
He might have tricked the monsters into a trap , but such creatures , almost too evil to be real , can never be stopped .
My favourite sport is swimming . I like it because it makes me feel free , independent and happy .
It is an individual but also team activity .
In my opinion it is one of the healthiest sport there are beacuse you can train not only your body but you can also develop your breath .
I do not practice swimming in competitions but almost since I was 3 years old .
I always had great coaches who trained me according to my ability so that I did not go never over my limit .
I have always felt comfortable as a child with my tank mates .
During these years I have changed three times around pools .
At the moment I am training at the Turin Sisport near Mirafiori .
Is a sport quite tiring but you can relax when the coach says it 's time to take a break .
If I had to give advice to someone who wants starting this sport I would tell him not to worry if he does n't feel confident .
If he was afraid of the water it is not recommended to practice this sport , or be able to break down his fear would be a great goal .
All in all I would recommend to anyone to play this sport .
It is a sport that purifies and regenerates you .
If we talk about my favourite sport , basketball will be .
I love basketball , though I rarely play basketball because it is hard to find a stadium to play basketball in Thailand .
I like basketball because it is one of the easiest sport .
Let 's talk about the advantages of playing basketball .
I think playing basketball help me to be healthy .
If someone wants to play some sport , basketball is my first advice .
It is an easy sport to play for anyone who never play any sport before .
So , newbies can understand and know the rules easily .
These are the story about basketball , my favourite sport .
It 's true that not many people consider the members of their family their best friends .
Neither do I. However , I have a curious opinion .
On the one hand , your relatives are the people who will be always part of you .
Nobody can leave a family as there will be a bloody union .
So , it would be a good choice to consider them your friends .
It is more possible losing contact with a friend than with the family .
Otherwise , it happens that sometimes you have an argument with a family member and you need to talk to a friend to be cheered up .
If you talk to a friend , who is also a member of your family , the situation could turn out to be a little awkward .
All in all , how we can see there are many advantages and disadvantages of considering the members of your family your best friends .
From my point of view , friendship is based on the honesty .
What 's more , not only is your best friend the person who never lies you , but also is the person who is always by your side .
If a family member was like that , it could turn into my best friend .
The housing situation for young people in my country
Introduction :
The purpose of this report is to evaluate the range of options available for many twenty - somethings in order to choose their housing system in my country , as well as the main obstacles they face with each one .
Moreover , it will also describe the possible housing outlook in the next years and the consequences for young people .
Who can afford a house ?
Nowadays owning your own house has become an uphill struggle unless you were willing to pay through the nose for it .
Due to the enormous economic crisis that have shaken Europe and that have intoxicated the real - estate market , most of the prices are eye - watering expensive for college students that want to study abroad or simply emancipate .
Even if they manage to save the amount of money for a flat it usually has not enough room to swing a cat .
In addition the unwillingness of the banks to lend money to anyone without a stable job is something important to take into account .
If you can not afford it , then just rent it .
Although renting is the first option for most of the youth , rents also had been affected for the housing bubble and their prices have shot up too .
Then , sharing the costs could be the solution for lots of students beyond all the problems that could arise from the communal living .
At least you 'll always have your parents .
In order to save up for future plans , a large number of early adults prefer to stay under the wing of parents rather than leaping in the dark and go out .
That could be end in constant arguments because of issues like intimacy and so on .
What about the future ?
The future remains uncertain until the economic situation gets over .
As there are no many signs for this to become real , young people must wait to start their own lives .
My favourite sport is running .
It keeps me fit , be healthy and full of energy .
When I run I feel relaxed , I forgot all my troubles and stresses .
It refreshed me .
Once , I took part in half - marathon .
At first , I could n't believe that I can do this .
But then I proved to myself that everything is possible .
In addition , I met new friends here , they are very clever and physically strong .
They teach me the techniques of how to run faster .
I keep practicing with them running around West Lake every Saturday .
After the race we get around in the cafe , drink beer and have a nice conversation .
It was a great time .
My next goal is to participate in full - marathon .
Also running improves my willpower , because I have to wake up early in the morning and run , without fail .
I become more organized , and I managed to do more than I could imagined .
I think everything is possible when you are organized . You start to build your own timetable , which make your life more easy and effective .
It helps you not to waste your time .
I think it is the key to success .
We can learn that a lot of successful people are very organized .
In my opinion , sport plays a great role in our life .
This company has the intention of setting up some training courses for staff so I came up with the idea of having a course that concentrates on company morale .
I consider this course as a priority in order to get every employee to feel motivated and involved in what this company has to offer .
I strongly believe in the idea of having a comfortable office environment , because when you like what you are doing and also where you doing it , you will do it the best you can .
I recommend that everyone at this department take the course , that way we could have the perception of all the employees and focus in what we need to improve and canalize it into profits .
This courses will last about a week and I suggest we only take from two to three hours per day so it does n't become tedious and we can keep everyone interested .
In conclusion this will get everyone feel part of the company and have everyone 's opinions .
yesterday , I watched a science fiction movie called blade runner .
The movie was first released in 1982 and directed by Ridley Scott who is the director of Alien .
The story of blade runner is about a police officer named dickard who is working as a killer for the most dangerous robots on earth which they called the replicants , and they are dangerous on human .
The film events happened in Los Angels in late 2019 , there are 4 robots in the story and each robot has his own character , and the most famous and dangerous one is called batty , he is a very advanced robot and has many skills and abilities .
Dickard the police officer killed three robots in the film , but at the end of the movie and before he tried to kill the last robot , he discovered that batty has emotions and feelings instead of his mechanism body because he saved dickard 's life at the end of the film .
Travelling has an important role in our everyday life , we need to get to work , school , want to meet our friends .
Most of those plans would not be possible , if there were not for means of transport .
But which one , public transport or our own car we will be choosing more often in future ?
On the one hand it is more convenient to have a car .
Owning vechicle is very comfortable and gives you independence .
It enable you to go everywhere you want no matter when .
You can also stop caring about how much you taking to work and on trips , being able to hide all those things inside of your trunk while it is impossible in any other means of transport ,
On the other hand , having your own car is expensive and no everyone could afford it .
For those people there is always another option - public transport .
It is not only cheaper , but also saves you from such problems as lack of parking places and reduce traffic jams .
Moreover , travelling by trains , trams or buses produces less exhaust fumes and as a result saves ozone layer .
To sum up , travelling using public transport is more beneficial for both environment and travellers .
I am convinced , that in spite of comfortable cars , public transport will be constantly developing .
Hi Sara ,
thanks for your interest , you 're very kind !
Yes , I know , it was a difficult decision to take , but I am too stressed here , I need a break , so I decided to travel to England , the country I have ever wanted to visit but I 've never been there .
For this the first think I 'd like to do when I 'll arrive is to visit the country , I want to do this during the first month , every day I want to enjoy myself visiting new places !
After I 'll need to make some money , my parents will give me some but they wo n't be enough for six months , so I must find a job !
I need to ask you for some help , you 're the only person I know who lives there , so the only one who can help me .
The first thing I must ask you is if you could find a place where I can stay , a motel or , better , a shared house . I know it 's a lot to ask but could you send me a contact of a company that is looking for a part - time staff ?
Thanks a lot
I hope to see you soon !
kiss , Gloria .
Stem cells are undifferentiated biological cells that can differentiate into specialized cells and divide to produce more stem cells .
They can also treat or prevent a disease or condition , and are used by the scientists in researches , and by the doctors .
I think it is a really good idea to use the stem cells in order to save other people 's lives , even if they come from an abroted foetus .
There are a lot of people in this world that are ill and need stem cells in their healing process , so parents that had an abroted foetus should let the scientists and the doctors use the stem cells in their research , and help other people .
Science nowadays developed a lot , and gave the population a lot of possibilities like storing the stem cells and using them to heal the future health problems anyone could have .
All in all , I suppose a lot of people disagree with this subject because it is not a good idea for them , but in my opinion it is a really good idea to save other people 's lives by taking stem cells from an aborted foetus .
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to inform visitors of Leonberg about our shopping facilities .
Findings
When you come to Leonberg you will find many useful shops .
The most popular retail stores are located in our famous mall called Leo Center .
There you can find almost anything you want from clothes to electronics and groceries to beauty products and flowers .
Furthermore , the picturesque old town of Leonberg has a number of lovely small corner shops where you can by local food and handmade products .
Even if you are interested in more than ordinary shopping you will be satisfied in Leonberg .
We provide a big furniture store , an extraordinary market garden , a well - known home improvement store , and also a large bike retailer with professionally trained shop assistants .
Recommendations
Depending on your personal interests you should head for different quarters of Leonberg .
If you prefer to walk around and get a feeling for the town 's culture , you should go to one of both historic town centers .
If you rather like faster shopping I suggest you visit our Leo Center .
In my opinion shopping is not always enjoyable , especially for men .
When the women spend the hours in the shops , men must go with them .
It 's a suffering for every man .
First , they have to spend the many and waste time witch they could spend watching TV .
Shopping is not enjoyable also , when we must buy something , in this case we ca n't find what we want , generally , people do n't like the things which they have to do .
In this situation , we are nerves and stress .
Sometimes , your shopping turn out to be unsuccessful and you are desperate because you wasted money .
But , if you are woman and you are lots of money and time you will be always content during the shopping .
If we look around us , we can see a lot of facilities .
If we think about them , we would realize that we are lucky because of the simple fact of enjoy them .
They have not always been here , and they will not be here for ever .
One of the momentous human aims is to make eternal the life as much as it could be possible .
For this reason , we are always involved in the project of improving the facilities for life , and one of the most important aspects of the project is the home .
Nowadays , we have a lot of electronic devices such as microwaves , remote contols for tv , electronic devices for cooking , personal computers , and so on and so forth .
Each one make the everyday life a bit more easy , but a real progress on home would be electronic devices that were connected to the mind .
This would be my ' home of future ' .
An inner electronic system would compose the whole house ; it would include small devices of wave reception connected , in every side of house , to a gum headband whose function would be to identify the neuronal stimuli and to convert them on radiowaves .
This headband would be related to household chores such that if you would need to washing dishes or to sweeping , you only may to think about it and the robotized system of the house would send orders to each part of the house itself .
This system would also be connected to the Internet in a ' dual output port remote of information ' .
Having explained it , I am completely sure that this outline of my ' house of future ' will astonish and marvel everyone who read my sublime project .
Dear Paul ,
How are you donig ? I remember you wanted me to tell you about my experience with helping at a concert I 've been to last month .
I am glad to tell you that it was awesome and I hope that I will be able to do something like that again . I am convinced that it was one of the best days in my life .
It all started when I applied for being a volunteer at this event .
I did n't think that I have any chance to get there , because of the big amount of rivals .
But I fortunately did it .
I attached to a group of people who were responsible for informing public about the programme and all the organisation stuff .
There were so many guests and I was afraid that it will be too hard for me to do it right .
But my new friends from this group were very polite and we worked together , so it was much easier , than I thought at first .
After some time I felt sad , because I realised that I wo n't be albe to see the bend playing at the stage , because I had to stay in front of the entry .
But after the first song , when the audience started to sing and dance , our manager came to us and told us that we can go see the concert .
I was so extremely happy .
I was having a great time through the entire concert .
After that we went to the backstage and spent some time with the band .
We took some pohotos and got autographs .
It was really cool .
As you can see , it was all really amazing .
I met a lot of fantastic people and I am still in touch with them .
I hope that next time you will be able to go with me .
Love , XY .
That was a mistake .
A BIG mistake .
Michael do n't know anything about love and sweetness .
Like everyone else on this planet ... I think ?
Anyway , you know what ?
The only thing he knew when he came to Mandy 's home was this : The world does n't turn around him .
He came and the first word he said was :
- " Shit ! "
Yes , I know , not very smart .
But this is Michael .
And Michael do n't care what people think about him .
And this is the " Mandy moment " .
- " What ? What 's again wrong with you ?
- Nothing . I 've lost my apartment 's keys .
Where are these fucking bastards keys ? ......
- ... You never change .
You always do something wrong .
This is you .
YOU .
Michael the big man , who can do everything in the whole damn world , except care of his keys , I guess ... "
I think I 've neglected to explain one thing to you ?
Michael was , at this moment , angry .
But not angry like you and me .
No no no .
Angry like a tiger , or something else who 's bad , naughty and terrific .
Yeah .
And that was how Michael was at this moment .
- " What is your problem ?
- What ?
- I do n't repeat myself a third time : What is your problem ?
- I 've no problem with you !
You 're always like that .
You 're fucked up all the time . "
He hit her .
That was all .
He taking his bag and he goes to the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Sexual Harassment
Have you ever been harassed by others ?
Their behavior may make you feel uncomfortable and disgusting .
If you have or you have witnessed this before .
You should know it is called sexual harassment .
Sexual harassment is somebody else ( maybe strangers or maybe someone you are familiar with ) bully or force you sexually .
You may get hurt physically and mentally from sexual harassment .
Today , I will talk about the problem of sexual harassment .
First , I will show you what happens when sexual harassment occurs .
Second , I will tell you how to deal with sexual harassment .
Let 's start by watching a video .
( show video )
Sexual harassment may occur in a variety of circumstances - in workplaces , school and even your houses .
The perpetrators harm the victims by words or assault .
Now you know what is sexual harassment .
Next I will tell you how to deal with it .
If you are the victim of sexual harassment or you are the witness , you should try to call for help at first .
Screaming , yelling … do some actions which will attract others ' attention .
You can also prepare some weapons such as pepper spray , whistle or electric baton , just in case .
Many people hesitate to tell others about the incident because they think it is embarrassed to tell others about this .
Yet , you should tell someone you can trust .
And then they can help you to solve the problem .
I have explained two important aspects about sexual harassment .
First , I showed you what is sexual harassment .
Second , I tell you what you can do to deal with it .
In conclusion , sexual harassment may happen anywhere anytime by anyone .
Be alert and do some precautions to protect yourself .
If you are involved , do not be afraid to tell the truth and let others help you to deal with it .
Let 's say no to sexual harassment !
A great place to eat is in " The Rivera " .
This restaurant it is near the riverside of Zarate .
First , you have a variety menu and the service in this place it is wonderful .
You begin with a
great starter and when you finish it , they bring you the barbacued meet .
Then the main course is the barbacued meet that is very tender and tasty .
The meet is not salty as
other restaurants , and they let you eat the amount of main courses as you wish for the same price .
Is a package that includes the Starter , main course and the desert .
Drinks are apart of the package .
On the other hand , the atmosphere of the place is excellent .
Rivera is a friendly and lively place
with an amazing riverside view that makes you relax and fell comfortable .
To sum up , I will recommend this place if you want to pass a great time and eat as your last day
Travelling by car is much more convenient than using public transport for various obvious reasons .
But , considering the increase in private vehicles in our crowdly populated world , it is recommended by geologists and eco - scientists that we use public transportation .
By this way , we not only contribute to saving our eco - system , we also contribute to increasing the national revenue .
When mobile phones have conquered our palms , we have no time to even meet our parents and children .
Our interaction with human beings have pathetically reduced .
Exchanging greetings , expressing emotions , updating work status , gaming , studying and more have become activities we do using mobile phones .
Cars are mostly used by people travelling for long distances in shorter time .
Inside cities and for shorter distances , nothing can be more comfortable and safe than public transport .
Using public transport not only helps us reach our destination safely , but also gives us ample opportunities to network and be with our people .
They are safer , cheaper and faster .
Even if cars outnumber users , public transport will continue to help and support us in a safe and a healthy living .
For centuries the population of the world has been dreamt of commuting anywhere comfortably by car .
How many of us stand from our bed already exhausted from the only thought of getting into a public transport ?
It was thinking about this major problem that , the governments from around the world has launched the greatest and ambitious plan .
To start with cars are going to be made by using the high technology at lower cost , therefore affordable to all .
City development is already under construction .
New motorways , streets , parking are not longer sit on the council 's offices , waiting to be signed , they are reality transforming the world landscape .
Could we ever think of such dream coming true ? All this is beyond my imagination and understanding , whereas the use of new technologies could be used to give the world a much better healthy environment and less egocentric .
Dear John
I am very interested in to start a pet - care franchise because I like pets and I think all these services would be very helpful for a lot of people in my country too .
Can you tell me more about the possibilities of taking out a Petpals franchise in my country .
I would like to know with how many initial investment I have to calculate ?
How many hours do you work in this business and when are the working hours ?
Is this more in the evening or on the weekend ?
Another thing I would like to know is how much turnover / profit can I expect in the first year ?
In your article you write from a education center with assistance for new franchisees .
Which training do you offer ?
Can you send me an offer ?
Thank you very much for you help .
Yours sincerely
Isabel
In the future our lives will be much more difficult because we 'll struggle for everything alone .
We have started to struggle alone .
We'll get lonely more and more and also selfish , too .
No one will help each other .
Everyone will get help from the machines or technological items .
Technology will be our best friends .
Despite this our appearance will change .Our fashion will be more technique .
I ca n't imagine what things we might eat in the future .
Pills ?
Just for saving time ?
Because we wo n't have time to eat delicious food and drink an exquisite wine and have a chat with a friend .
What about the relationship ?
Well , I do n't think that we will build a close relationship with anyone and building a family will be even worse .
The family might exist on paper but not in real because each member in the family will be busy and they will just send some masseges from the high technology phones they 'll have at that time .
I know , it sounds boring and pessimistic but if we wo n't change our minds imediately , the future is going to be like that , for sure .
This bar chart depicts an average of knowledge on reading and writing for female and male on six different regions in 2000 .
From an overall perspective it is notable a higher amount of illiterate women in all the regions compared with men , who are in some cases the half part of the total of women in each region .
Developed countries , Latin America and East Asia are the three regions that depict a low percentage of illiterate people , expresed below 20% , whereas Sub - Saharan Africa , Arab States and South Asia are above 30% of people who do not know read and write .
Developed countries figures are the lowest , being almost at 1% , whilst South Asia numbers rose extremely , reaching almost a 60% in the case of female gender and overtaking the 30% in the male gender .
As we can see , an unequal percentage are shown depending on the area where the people come from .
Buenos Aires is a city made for tourists , visitors can do so many activities in a small radio of the city , dance Tango , eat traditional meet or visit a beautiful library are some of them .
Furthermore there are many places where tourist can buy many things , such as a typical mate or a picture from the obelisco porteño .
But if visitors want something more than a typical souvenir , they can visit canteens or a bar where are set tango shows and take they own pictures or even buy a CD with the traditional music from Buenos Aires .
There are also places where peolpe can buy the typical clothes , dark dresses for women or a ' tango hat ' for man .
Even if you want just go shopping for clothes , there are so many places where you can go , Palermo is known as a little New York for the disigners and well know marks , and technology is set on Recoleta .
So , Buenos Aires , also know as the Paris from America , gives all visitors the opportunity for meeting Argentinian tradition in only one city that involves the history and the culture of the country .
Pontevedra in its way to become a green town .
Pontevedra has been one of the most polluted towns from Galicia for many years .
We had two factories and a great amount of traffic problems .
We did not even knew what to do with our garbage .
Finally , we polluted our rivers .
First of all , let me tell you there has been a great change in people 's minds .
We thought the factories were good because they allowed a great amount of people to work there .
Later , we realized the factories could be moved elsewhere .
We started to appreciate the advantages of walking .
Last but not least , we also became proud of our beautiful rivers .
When the new mayor arrived , he decided to move the traffic away from the city centre .
At the beginning , this was a much controversial decision .
Later , he also ordered to clean our wet zones too .
Finally , he has championed moving Celulosas factory to a safer place .
Pontevedra is going greener .
We have suffered like every other city these rough years .
Nevertheless , our passion is still strong .
We want to move away the last factory from the river .
Although we have made great strides , there are still a lot of things to do .
In many countries , it 's consider that the relatives are the close family and the only people with an individual can be just the way he is .
This point of view is based on , for example , that you shares an important bond with your family or that you know everything about some members , like your cousins and they know everything about you .
Maybe , most of us have spent our childhood with our cousins and they were our best friends for ages .
Siblings are another strong point to support this statement .
It 's usual to hear that this kind of bond is the strongest inside a family , because everybody thinks that siblings are the only ones whom you could rely on , despite not always it 's true .
I should talk in the third person because I do n't have any brothers or sisters , but a close cousins .
In my case , this role is played by them .
On the other hand , we can find arguments against this statement .
For example , the debate about the statement that you can not choose your family , but your friends .
Thus , it fits perfect for those people who have a bad relation with their families .
They have to look for the needs provided by the family in other people with whom they can trust .
In conclusion , from my point of view , it 's true that is less probable to find negative feelings inside family , like envy , refuse or hate .
So , if you tell a secret to your sister or your cousin , it 's almost obvious that they are n't going to spread it .
Even , if you look for a good advice , some members of your family could help you from the heart .
But , family not always guarantees these functions neither friends .
However , friends can be as a family and fulfil all this functions , too .
Therefore , I only would like to remark that family not means relatives , but those people with whom you can feel as at home .
That is , in any place suddenly you can find someone who could become in your most close relative .
I decided to take one class of Liceo Oberdan to visit a Miramare harbor reserve .
It is a lovely place not far from our school , and I think it 's interesting in his natural habitat .
I decided to do this , in according to the biology teacher .
During this year she had explained the harbor world , in particular the world of Miramare , and I describe the same things under the geography aspects .
I was just a bit worried because in this class there are 28 students , but they are very respectful and clever .
We took the local bus and we arrived at ten in this place .
Here we found some very expert guides who takes us in a good touring along the park and the harbor reserve .
Every students were interested in the information and they asked a lot of explanations .
In this day the students had the oppportunity to hear very interesting things , but not as they were in a class during a traditional frontal lesson .
They had improved their knowledge making experience in the field .
I think that the students will not forget very soon what they have learned .
In recent years , whether using internet is beneficial or not has never failed to attract people 's attention .
While many people believe that internet brings a vast amount of problems such as reduction of interaction between people and some bad information resources ; in contrast , I have a strong position that internet brings manyfold benefit than drawbacks .
People should first recognize that searching information these days is much more convenient than in the past .
We must come to library to pay a lot of time finding information we need on the shelves the earlier time .
On the other hand , we can assess the information with only a click button nowadays .
Clearly , the assessment become much more efficiently with computer and internet .
Yet , perhaps the strongest argument in favor of using internet is that the vast amount of information contended in it .
All the information in the world can emerge immediately after a click .
Admittedly , some knowledge is not accurate and logical enough , it still offers us many other useful sources .
Simultaneously , some sources contended pornography and violent information which make many people afraid of using internet to search information .
Nevertheless , it remains a good way to reserve and supply information which hoped to have more flows in the future .
I think , one of the important historical places in Japan is the Kiyomizu temple in Kyoto .
It is well - known with a great beautiful Buddhist temple in Japan and it 's also famous among foreigner .
Kiyomizu temple was built in the middle of Edo era .
It has five stairs and one of the tallest historical building in Kyoto .
People can see a great Japanese view from there .
It is a great and famous sightseeing place and it also is an important place of Japanese culture .
Kiyomizu temple was used many times as a background of a lot of Japanese novels , paints and historical dramas .
Artists think the top of the temple is good for making beautiful , nervous mood of stories or paints .
Also , the temple became a Japanese proverb which is " feel like falling from the top of Kiyomizu " .
It means " very scared and nervous " because the temple is very tall and it makes people such a feeling .
Dear Mr Brown ,
I am sending you useful information about places of interest in Katowice , which you can show to your group .
I would recommend one of the most appealing scope , which is situated in really attractive part of my city .
Starting with The Blue Palace you can visit some other old buildings .
Hi !
How are you ?
Last weekend Fran celebrated his birthday in his conuntryhouse .
He invited all of his friends .
Many people were playing in a swimming pool when I arrived , and other people were eating Mexican food .
Everything was perfect and the weather was hot .
Next week I am going to prepare a similar party for my birthday .
It wo n't have a swimming pool but it will have a barbecue .
You are invited of course .
Dear Sir or Madam
I am writing in response to your advertisement which I was published in the local newspaper .
I would like to apply for a job at summer camp .
Currently I study Computer Science at Adam Mickiewicz University in Poznan .
I am energetic , creative and reliable person .
I have an experience of working with children .
I worked at at nursery school in London last summer , what led to improval of my English skills .
There I learned how to work with young children .
I am also very creative person , so I will not have any problems with organising activities and competitions for children . I am reliable person and I can work under pressure of time .
In addition , I am used to hard working , so I can also help in the kitchen .
I am willing to learn new skills and develop current , so I will surely be suitable candidate for this job .
I am enclosing my CV , where you can find more details about my experience .
I look forward to hearing from you
Yours faithfully
Piotr Sobczak
Dear Director ;
Hello , I saw the job application for the summer camp and I 'm really interested on working with you .
In the past , I have done many summer camps for kids in between 5 and 9 years old , so I already have a lot of experience in this kind of job .
I am conscious of the essential elements you need to be familiarized with when it comes to treat kids , such as , patience Charisma , kindness , empathy , etc ; and I would be delighted to be part of your team .
I really hope you consider me as a good option for the job .
I 'll be happy to receive your answer .
Sincerely ,
Regina
Hi Shannon !
It 's nice to hear about you , as soon as you arrived there are some secure options to you .
First of all , you can use a taxi and give the address you have to the driver , this is an expensive ( but easy ) option .
On the other hand you have the public service called Metrobus , in this case you will hop off the bus a few times , when you arrived you must find the A - line , go to the patriotismo starion ( C line ) , then go to the delta station and walk to the # 76 of Acrone avenue .
If you love the extreme travels I recommend the Mexico 's city subway , it 's easy because there is a station in front of my house , so you need to go to the a-2 subway and go to Génova station ( it 's important to say that in the airport you have access of each one of the options )
If I were you I would choose the subway because wearher in Mexico is too hot , so , I think you do n't want to feel the sun after your bored trip .
If you need more information about it , please call me when you arrived .
Best wishes .
Omar .
In the last ten years , Brazil has created a wide range of governamental programmes .
Educational and medical assistance , as well as infraestructure improvements are some of the recent advancement .
One of the best examples in education has been a scholarship programme called Science Without Borders .
It offers students a unique opportunity to study abroad aquiring an international standard qualification .
In addition to this , it provides them with access to the newest research developments .
As a consequence of this investment , the state is contributing to the improvement in the career of Brazilian professionals .
On the other hand a problem could stem from the lack of incentives to the nationwide educational institutions .
This problem would be the low level of the national education .
Therefore , in order to avoid giving rise to any further complications , Brazilian authorities should bear in mind the development of both , national and international programmes .
As a result , the quality would be guaranteed .
Dear Sir / Madam :
I am writing because I recently see your advertisement and I am interested in it .
I am having some free months and I want to gain some money .
I am studying Civil Engineering and I am a very energetic person , and I think that this ability is essential for the job that you are searching .
Other important aspect it 's that I am a good organizer and I am a good team worker .
Another important reason is that I want to have somequiringe money for personal things .
For all the reason that I describe to you , I am sure that this summer good would be good for me , and for the Summer Camp .
I think that it is a really good option to achieve experience and for doing different and interesting things , like organise sport activities , and funny activities for children .
I leave here my personal contact information and wait for a positive answer from us .
Yours sincerely ,
Selene Porras .
Topic : A Horrible Nightmare
At the evening , my classmate phoned me and said , " There is an exciting film on TV now ! "
He did n't mention it is a horror movie .
When I watched until the middle of the film , it is scary .
But I could n't find the remote control , I could n't switch off the TV and I watched the whole film .
I went to bed and sleep .
A while later , I discovered I was in a huge old museum .
There were a lot of ancient things such as clocks , cars , weapons .
Then , some skeletons and dead people came out and chased me .
Fortunately , I got an old machine gun .
And shoot all down .
But I fell into a grave .
There was very dark .
I screamed my lungs out .
I woke up in surprise .
At last , my mother comforted me and gave me a glass of warm milk .
She told me not to watch horror movie again .
Dear all ,
I found your addvertisment in the newspaper and I am very interested in working in your summer camps .
I think I am the right person for you .
My name is Misa and I am 25 years old .
I am studying the Czech Agriculture University for the last year .
For several times I have already been on the similar position on a camp and looked after the children aged 8 - 12 .
I usually played games with them and talked to them for the whole days .
In the evenings we played special games which we usually had not played before yet .
Because I want to improve my language skills I want to go with you on a camp .
I heard that the children which attend your camps are from all over the world .
My biggest dream is to speak French fluently .
I am a very good hard worker and I do not have any problems with working in kitchens and preparing the meals for the children and my colleagues .
I am looking forward to your reply .
Kind regards .
Plan
1 ) tell to Alison that I 'm glad to help her .
2 ) explain which dishes Italians usually and what time of the day .
3 ) conclusion
Hi Alison , of course I 'll help you .
I think it 's very interesting discover how foreign people usually eat .
It is another way to discover one culture .
Italians to start the day generally they have a strong coffee and some biscuit or slide bread .
It 's typical eating pasta as a starter at lunch .
Which is cooked in different ways .
It is common having meat as a main course .
To finish the lunch in Italy we eat fruit .
In my country we have a dinner late as a habit .
It 's more common eat pizza .
We have it as take away or we go in some pizzeria .
I hope this information can be useful for you .
Take care
Maurizio
About me
Hello !
My name is Theodor Forsberg and I am 13 years old .
I live in Stocksund with my mom Anna - Karin and in Djursholm with my dad Lukas and my little brother Jonathan .
In my spare time I like to play hockey and be with friends .
I play hockey almost every day and I love it . I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half so I was not as good as everybody else but that did not stop me .
I started to play hockey when I was nine and a half so I was not as good as everybody else but that did not stop me .
I have played a lot of other sports like Karate , Soccer , Tennis and indoor bandy .
A lot of my close friends that I went in stocksund skolan and that I played hockey with went to Samskolan but that is a little bit too far away so I decided to go to Friberga instead .
I really like the school and it is going good so far .
I have always been really good at English .
And I think that I am that because I watch a lot of tv - shows on English
The thing I like the most about myself is probably my hair , legs , mouth and hands .
-THEODOR FORSBERG
Have you ever been worried when you do n't have enough time to study in the day ?
Or maybe you do n't have a study plan that works ?
Well here , there are some advice or ideas that have worked for me .
First of all , make a to - do list of all your activities and routines .
That 's the easy part .
Do n't forget to recognise the most activities and tasks for you .
It 's very important , because if you do n't do that , so it 'll never work .
You have to put a time to do your tasks .
For instance , when you stay at university class or something like that , you should remember how much time you have to do it .
Finally , it depends on that works for you , because you have to be constantly remembering the time that you do your tasks .
It was late night and Michael went surrounded with deep dark to the edge of the forest .
The visibility was very poor because the moon was hiding behind dark grey shadows , but Michael went on the memory .
Suddenly , a thumledown cottage emerged from the darkness .
Michael up two little steps and heard wail of the wind .
But it was n't the wind .
Someone was singing a sad song .
He felt a range and a fear of disclosure . " Why is she singing ?
Is she mad ?
The Nazis can be everywhere , " he thought and unlocked the door with a little key .
" Stop with the singing !
" he whispered , " someone can hear it . "
Then he calm down and took a little packet out of his pocket and put it on the floor .
There were two slices of a bread and a little apple inside the packet .
He was starving more then ever since he had hidden a young Jewish woman .
On the other hand , she was related to him by blood and how could he said No ! when she came and bagged him for help .
She said nothing and made herself invisible .
He entered decided that he will stay over the night .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
well since my chillhood I always love weapons , my father gave me my first rifle when I was 7 , but it was until I was 15 when I found my real passion , and it was the archery , since that day I am proud to say that I am an archer , and that the archery is my favorite sport .
I just love when you take your bow and prepare to shoot an arrow , and before shooting it your are part of the bow , and you feel that the bow is a part of your body , after that , when you shoot the arrow you are able to see the curve that it makes before hitting the target , I would say this is why I love this sport and why I enjoy it so much .
if I would have the opportunity of giving some advice to a person that is starting in this sport , I would tell him to do not give up , because this ai nt an easy sport , and that is more mental than physical
I think that you made a great choice by visiting Timisoara .
One of the most beautiful place that you can visit in this town is The Latin - Catholic - Dom , located in Unirii Square .
I should present a little bit of history of it .
After more than seven hundred years , in 1733 , the latin - catholic bishops residence was moved from Cenad to Timisoara , where the first cathedral became the church of jesuists monks .
The design of the actual Dom was realized in baroque style of Vienna .
The cathedral hasa height of 55 m. The Dom was rise at rank of first church of Timisoara by the empress Maria Tereza in 1756.What is very interesting to see is a painting made by Michelangelo Uterberger showing Saint Gheorghe riding and fighting with the basilisk .
The visitors programme is from Monday to Sunday , from ten o'clock a.m to six p.m. And a phone number where you can call for more information is 0040212345678 .
PEOPLE LIVES WILL CHANGE DRAMATICALLY IN THE NEXT 50 YEARS .
This essay discusses the advantages and disadvantages that we will find the next 50 years .
It will consider some relevant items which will be completely changed in the future , as well as arguing and explaining the pros and cons of everything .
First of all , one of the biggest changes in a medium term will be the transport .
Roads transport will die away as you know it nowadays .
Instead of it , imaginary road network will be built in our air space .
Furthermore , environment will suffer the terrible effects of current lifestyle .
Consequently , protected clothes , which will be made with materials and NASA technology , will be worn by future population .
This will be so because of the pollution , the radiation existent and the increase of global warning .
On the other hand , the benefits of healthy will be important .
In fact , the development of different vaccines would be possible to get over a great deal of diseases .
To sum up , it is vital that nowadays thinking of our future .
If we develop our different knowledge areas , we will achieve a better world .
It is high time we changed our lifestyle .
My idol was , is and will always be Justin Bieber .
I remember the first time that I saw his videos , I did n't write his last name correctly and I could n't find him on YouTube .
It started when I was 12 or 13 years old , his music meant everything to me .
He was always talking about follow your dreams and never give up .
In 2014 I met a couple from One Direction called Larry Stylinson but they ca n't " come out " because of his managers .
I admire them because no matter what their managers make them go through , they always find the way to show us how much they love each other and how much they want to be free .
I really hope this " hiatus " , this is how they called their break , they can be happy and spend time together without fake girlfriends , managers or the media around them .
I want them to be happy .
Anyway , talking about Justin again , I 'm so proud of him , 2016 is his year and no one can deny that .
Famous people live completely in a different way than unpopular people .
It is believed they are extraordinary , perfectly beautiful and incredible happy like we see their in magazines and TV .
Everybody longs to be a well - known and admired person leading rich and carefree life .
Unfortunately , truly it is n't so amazing like it seems to be .
There are a lot of disadvantages of being a star , of witch normal people do n't realised for example not having a private life .
There are a lot of various viewpoints and I would like to consider them .
Famous people haven't got private life .
Almost every their mystery come out and they are still judged , criticised or joked .
Journalilst and paparazzi constantly follow them and try to catch them in a stupid situation and enhance ath the cost of them .
Everybody makes mistakes , but their mistakes are wtitten and known by the society , what is unfair and harmful .
They deserve to have a normal life , have mysteries , a moment of peace without interest around them .
Being all the time in a centre of attention is incredibly overwhelming .
It can lead to being touchy and gloomy .
That is why a lot of big name suffer from depression or even try take their life .
On the other side , there is a price of celebrity and they should just reconcile themselves to this .
They got so lot compared with unpopular people , that 's why I think it would be unfair , if they have also private life .
People can not have everything and live like they want .
They ought to apprecciate what they have and stop complaining aboout their life , because there is plenty of people , who dream to be them .
Famous people have to consider how many humans suffer from famine or work very hard to earn their living .
They have not got expensive cars , detached houses , they ca n't afford travelling and their only entertainment is watching TV .
They should remember they are lucky devils not like they often think - victim .
To sum up , It is hard to simply claim , that famous people deserve have a private life and being left alone by paparazzi or not .
Everyone from time to time need a moment of peace to relaxed and recover their strength .
However , nobody has everything they dreamed ; it is normal , that always in our lives something would be annoy us .
Famous people have to notice , how much they have , apprecciate it and stop complaining about not having a private life , because it is not such a disaster like they often think .
Day by day , the power of consumption increases more and more and one of the areas you can realize this is in the traffic .
People who have facilities to buy or finance something and looking for convenience , have a great desire to buy a car .
The bad quality of public transportation and the lack of options like underground and train , helps people choose to use a car .
These things makes we think if the public transport has a future , after all to do all the things you need in your routine like to go to work , to go shopping or just to go out with the family , is more comfortable by car than by bus .
Cars nowadays have technology that allow both drivers and passengers to have a better travel while listening to a music or use the internet without having to spend hours standing during the journey .
The government needs to invest in better conditions of the public transport , with more options to the transportation of citizens , in order to make it easier to go from a place to another , and hardest the decision to choose between car or bus .
Everything has two sides and the choice of transportation is not an exception .
People have been debated about whether private car or public transport is the first choice in recent years .
While reasons can be given to justify the latter , I am in favour of the former .
Firstly , travelling by train , metro or bus can lead to the reduction of gasoline consumption .
As a result , they offer low fee and play an important role in the environment protection .
It was reported that for one hundred kilometers running , each car was consumed ten to thirteen liters of gasoline , and released a certain proportion of air polutted .
Meanwhile , with the same amount of energy , bus carried fifties of people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people with the massed transportation .
Secondly , it could not be denied that travelling by car is convenient , however people who agreed with the idea point out that high quality and modern public transport such as Shingasen in Japan or TGV in Europe are much more comfortable .
Trains or MRTs
can also satisfy passengers who could not travel by plane and require to take long haut jouneys .
There are some places in developing countries , for example in remote or highland areas , people have not seen a car for many years , they have no choice except old buses to travel .
In conclusion , public transportation is still the first choice of people in the future .
Nowadays higher education becomes more and more necessary for starting a good career .
Let 's consider the attitudes to education and study in Russia and Australia .
There are some similarities ; however , differences in the educational system cause differences in the attitudes to education .
University education is valuable in Australia , just like in Russia .
In general most of employers prefer applicants which achieved an academic degree .
This attitude is quite similar in many countries .
During our last English lesson we talked about the future for public transport .
It was not an easy task to figure out if there is a future or not .
The most important argument was that travelling by car is much more convenient .
The fact that you can travel anywhere at any time is undeniable .
If you want to buy some vegetables for your dinner you will have to wait until the next train arrives at your station .
Due to the fact that our lifestyle is getting faster , nobody will have the time .
So in the near future there will be no longer a use for public transport .
Michael was one of the greatest drivers of all time .
He started his career when he was sixteen years old through kart competitions .
After only three years he passed on Benetton formula one team and two years after he won his first driver championship .
After won another title he signed a contract with Ferrari team .
At that point his work become very hard and stressful because at that time Ferrari was n't a very good car in fact that car was only able to go fast in a straight circuits .
Michael showed up his strength and his attention to details working close days and nights with his engineers .
Three years later after intense work Michael restarted to put his feet on the podium .
In 2000 he won his third driver championship with Ferrari and also won it consecutively for three years .
Then Ferrari with Michael decided for a new collaboration , so the greatest become a test driver tried to improve the car out of the racers .
In the meantime his mind always thought at Mercedes because of his youngest dreams .
Like every German , since he was a young driver , dreamed being a driver championship with the national car .
To summarize he arranged a meeting with the head of Ferrari and the media press because he would like to announce his defenitively
retirement .
This unfortunately was only an excuse he was only pretending to retired as he already signed a contract to drive Mercedes .
At the end of the conference Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
So many people around me think that makes not any sense spending community taxes in public transport .
These persons usually give arguments such as that the public transport is never in time , or that is difficult to get your destination using it and without having to take 3 different routes or even that public transport is not as suitable for a made up short notice trip as can be a car in property .
In my opinion these arguments depend on how efficiently designed is the public transport system , having in count number of routes , timetables , cost of the tickets and facilities for users who use it frequently .
It 's quite well known the benefits that a good public transport system gives to the community : an important reduction of contaminant gases , a hight decrease of acoustic contamination as well as , as consequence of having less cars circulating by our streets , an increase of pedestrian areas used by pedestrians for healthy activities such as walking , running or cycling .
All these benefits surely will contribute to a better future for all the habitants so let 's give a chance to the public transport .
My town is called Bra and it is a small town situated in Piedmont near Langhe .
The city began to take care of the environment only in the last ten years when the studies created technologies for not produce pollution .
In this area there are many fields where were built wind turbine for use the wind and creating electric energy .
In the roof of the supermarkets are situated solar panels and it exploit the sun for produce energy .
This means of renewable energy are better than the old methods because they do n't pollute .
All surfaces are used in the better way possible .
There are many green parks where you can do sport and other activity without pollution .
The cars are n't use more because there are many places where you can rent the bicycle and naturally it is free .
During the winter the means of transport is efficient and not very expensive so the people can do n't use their car .
The text discusses about some kinds of Asian Bamboo that have a unique form of flowering and seeding cycle , these cycles just happen at long intervals and all the members of the species tend to flower and then seed at the same time .
And if we consider the speech where the woman said that at the present this phenomenon is a problem because this bamboo is the main source of food to the Giant Panda that still lives in the jungle .
the Giant Panda is an endangered specie , the pandas have to survive to the hunters and the destruction of him habitat by the humans .
Besides , when the bamboos flowering and seeding they die , so until the new bamboos grow enough to be eaten by the pandas takes a long time and this fact forces the pandas to move to new places in order to look for food .
Therefore , the risks of the extinction to the Giant Pandas are real .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
My name is Fabio Rendón and I am from Spain .
I am on the point of finishing my Engineer 's degree in Mining Engineering , specialization in Energy , at Vigo University .
I am currently carrying out my Final Project as well as preparing the First Certificate Exam , planned for July and June , respectively .
I would love to improve both my practical knowledge about renewable energies and my English level , and I firmly believe that the Erasmus internship programme could be the best option for me to achieve these targets .
Thus , the aim of this letter is to explore the possibility of realizing an internship in your company .
In this programme , the trainee carries out different tasks supervised by a company tutor and also advised by a university tutor .
The trainee receives a grant to help to cover subsistence cost , so the company is not required to pay him a salary .
Furthermore , as the programme is endorsed by European Union , the trainee disposes of accident and liabiliy insurance .
As for the duration , the internship can last from a minimum of 2 months up to 12 months , being 3 months the period covered by the subsistence grant .
I will be completely available to do the internship from next September on .
I can assure you that I will put all my effort into learning and making the most of my stay in your company .
I hope you will consider my application , and look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Fabio
Dear Jo , I do n't know if your is a good idea .
Now Italy has quite problem with the occupation , it 's very difficult to find a job and the most people find a job in supermarkets .
If you want to try , you can ask in some hotel : you are a native English speaker and you can welcome hosts at the reception .
I live in Valpolicella , a famous land for the wine , and I had already worked in a four stars hotel for high school .
IT was a good experience , the hotel has every comfort you can imagine : a reastaurant , a S.P.A. , a gym , indoor and outdoor swimmingpool , a beauty center and a church .
The personal were n't so much helpful , but someone luckily gave me some advice , especially the porter Artan .
He was amiable and liked Metal Music like me , so we always spoke about our favourite groups .
I do n't know if he still works there , but I 'm sure that you can find a great support in him .
Valpolicella has many location that worth to see : first of all Lake Garda , a lake with the famous phallic shape which divides three different regions ( Veneto , Trentino and Lombardy ) .
Orlando Duque , with the desire to come to the World cups of 2017
Colombian became the first diver to win a world cup in High - Jumps .
Orlando Duque //Red Bull
Orlando Duque , the Colombian diver , is the champion of high - jumps of the FINA World Cup 2014 , stated that since 2007 he is thinking about retirement even though he feels with force and desire to go to the World cup of 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
" I am thinking about retirement since 2007 . I have been lucky because I injured , I got better " , said Duque during the press conference of the World Series that this year will end up in Mexico on 17th and 18th October , after the competition of Bilbao ( Spain ) .
Duque , who was born in Cali on September 11th of 1974 , took a break in his career because an injury in his right leg in 2011 and after that , he returned in 2013 with the purpose of win the World Cup of Barcelona and the World Cup of FINA .
" I was 40 years three weeks ago , I feel motivated to train , while I have the motivation I can continue ; now I have no an exact date ( … ) I just have set 2017 in Guadalajara " , said Duque , who was the first sportsman who won a world championship of falls from height .
" Jumps have been my life , I have spent all my life in the jumps and it motivate me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duque when he pointed out that he still has several screws in his right ankle and he is still lacking recover completely .
" The event of the Natural Well of Ik Kil ( Yucatán ) of 2011 was the last one that I had before the accident ; now , I am getting over the accident and I feel at the 70 per cent " , explained the Colombian sportsman who noted down February , 2015 as the date to return .
The Colombian high - jumper presented in Mexico the one that will be the last stage of this series which is promoted by an energy drink in the Natural Well Ik Kil , in the Mexican state of Yucatán .
The Natural Well Ik Kil , which is located three kilometers away from the archeological zone of Chichén Itza , will be the final one of the Jumps season , 2014 and in that season Duque and the Mexican Jonathan Paredes will face each other in order to be between the top five spots of the season .
The Britain Gary Hunt already secured the prize of this series and from the second to the sixth place will be disputed with the Russian Artem Silchenko , the American Steven LoBue , the Colombian Duque , the Britain Blake Aldridge and the Mexican Paredes .
" The plan is to win this competition because I always compete to win .
I am located in the fourth place , but we are so close to the second to the fourth ( in points ) so , the idea is jump very well even though the Natural Well is a difficult because it is dark " , explained Duque about his plan for the event in the Ik kil on 17th and 18th October .
In the male test , the high - jumpers are thrown out into the water from a height of 27 meters in height , whereas in the female competition the launch pad is placed 20 meters away .
My favorite sport is running .
One may ask why among all those possible activities , this one was chosen .
Of course I do not count running indoors , but only outdoors , while the breeze is blowing in one 's face during the exercise .
That is what I call a good activity .
There is not exactly a good day for running , for even the rainy days are excellent for a good run .
If one has a sunny and windy weather , it is nice because the sun warms one up and the wind helps keep it fresh .
On the other hand , if it is rainy , the cold water cools it down and make one feel less tired during one 's time .
This is my favorite sport for it improves health in some many ways and boost the resistance and quality of life .
The first times may be hard , in that they require a preparation a sedentary person does not have .
There can be some pain and almost everybody becomes really exhausted at the beginning .
After the first trials , however , improvements are shortly noticed and the results come quickly : better breathing , uninterrupted and quiet sleep , and an unmistakable sense of well - being .
It even helps reducing your belly !
Despite being a common and easy to do activity , running needs some care to prevent injuries and other disturbances as well .
Efficient sweat expeller socks help one reduce the uncomfortability and keep one 's feet in a nice temperature .
Notwithstanding , a formidable pair of shoes makes a huge difference if one plans to keep practising the sport for a long period .
Go to a doctor , ask him to analyse the type of step to make up with an ideal footwear .
This way , there will be less trouble when practising the exercise .
I must say that , as a runner , I do not regret it at any time .
Everybody can do , it is practical and simple , and the goals can be set in accord with the person 's needs and restrictions .
Do not hesitate to go out and try it out !
Take that pair of snickers and go for it !
I always considered football as a piece of art .
Does not matter how hard the players tried to win , the only thing that matters is the result .
Players must be considered as a paintor working in a piece of art .
Only results will be recognized at the end .
It 's not the efford they have applied or all the hopes they had .
There expectations will be considered unuseful .
Poeple wo n't stare a paint at a museum thinking how hard the artist tried to do a good job , they will judge it only .
Do they like it or not .
The crowd in the stadium only wants their team to win .
After that , if they played a good game will be a plus .
Everything after a successful result will be a plus .
So if someone ever is woundering start practising this sport , they should be aware that lots of people will be expecting them to win .
I would recommend them always remember that , so if things do n't result as they expected , they wo n't feel disappointed .
It 's all part of the game .
We are people and all of us must have private life including celebrities .
There is a great number of politicians and film stars who are followed by paparazz who are trying to know more about their private life .
I agree that film stars and famous politicians must have their free time because they are working for people everyday .
They must have some free time to have a rest without being seen .
It is quiet hard to have a rest when journalists are trying to know some exciting things about your private life .
On the other hand famous politicians and film stars have chosen such life .
It is a part of their everyday life , they are used to be on public and they are used to say something about themselves on cameras , so all the people will know about their life .
There are some moments when celebrities need some time to be with their families and friends and journalists must not touch such moments .
Everybody must have free time for yourself .
Hey Jo !
How are you ?
Good to know from you .
You want to come to Spain ? You should !
There is a lot of things to visit here .
You could do a tour of all the cities of Spain ' cos every one has something special that you must see .
Starting for the top , like Bilbao or Asturias .
You could do that and then , finish it in Barcelona , were I live .
There I could be your tour guide and show you the best of the city .
Finally if you want to find a job for three months Barcelona is a good option to stay .
There are a lot of places where you could work for a short period of time . Beeing a witress or something like this is well paid and not so dificult to do .
Hope that you follow my ideas and you like Spain
See you soon !
Valeria
In the modern world , the company which has excellent stuff is more competitive , and these employees are usually motivated .
Therefore , good leaders should know how to motivate their staff .
It is clear that staff would spend more time on their tasks if they were motivated by their boss , while unmotivated employees are more likely to spend less effort in their jobs .
Generally speaking , there are two basic methods of employee motivation : rewards involving money and non - financial rewards .
Many leaders believe that money is the best , however , from my own perspective , the non - financial rewards are the best approach to motivate employees and I will prove my opinion in this essay .
I had never been very frightened until one day that something strange happened .
One night , I was talking with my sister about her last trip around Europe , her best friend , Michael , also was there .
My sister claimed that in her trip , she had seen completely astounded buildings , but while she was talking , we heard a very loud scream .
We did n't know what to do , so we only exchanged glances , then we decided to go out and see what had happened .
Outside was getting very cold and the sky was dark , so we could n't see anything but nevertheless we continue walking through the trees when suddenly we saw a very big shadow in front of us .
In that moment we started to run , except Michael .
When we got in the house , my sister and I realized that Michael was n't there .
We were very surprised and scared at the same time .
Ana and I decided to go outside to look for Michael , when we went out , he was in front of the house , doing strange sounds , when he saw us , smile to us in a malevolent way , then made us to back inside .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My favorite sport is basketball .
I have noumerous reasons why I choose this sport as my favorite .
One reason why I love this particular sport is because it 's based on cooperation .
For example , if you play basketball and the ball is passed regularly then your team is more likely to win because passes cause confusion and exhaustion to the opponent team .
My advice to anyone who is starting this sport is to simply have fun .
On the other hand if he chooses to play professionally then he must try hard .
Regular exercising is potentionall so that he / she can build up strength and endurance
To conclude , I hope my advice should be helpful to new starters of the sport .
One of my favourite restaurants is one located in a delightful town called Ubeda .
The whole town is gorgeous and you seem to be in another age of history .
The restaurant has a characteristic decoration indeed because you seem to be inside a train .
However , the most impressive thing is the game of flavours that explode inside your mouth .
My favourite one is a golden egg made of foie .
The connection between quality and price is plenty balanced .
In fact , there are always plenty of people every day so I recommend ordering at least one week before going .
I know from personal experience that it is worth tasting the gourmet sampling menu .
I really think it is suitable for the class because each one of us could know in advance how would pay to eat there and besides this could taste the main courses of this restaurant .
Without shadow of doubt I am absolutely sure this could be the best option for our class .
I'VE NEVER BEEN SO THRILLED
I 'm not a great fun of films based od fiction , unrealistic facts and events .
I have always preferred to relax during some series or soap opera , but after watching ' Flushed ' I change my point of view .
If you haven't seen it yet , after reading this short text you 'll go to the cinema if you only have a chance .
THE BIRTH OF NEW STAR
I guess that a name Ann Smith tells you nothing .
And that 's obvious because it 's the first serious production of this young , prospective director , whose ' Flushed " became a worldwide hit .
It is said that a well - known cast enabled her to be highly granted for her piece , but I have some doubts about it .
THE STRENGHT OF SPECIAL EFFECTS
And that 's why I find this move so excited .
An enormous amount of additional attractions for viewer provided me with unforgettable feelings .
Everything came us a surprise and you did n't expect that this or that action is just taking place .
The movie requires from us to be strongly concentrated on what is going on and I find it to be one of mostly conceiving factors for those who still have some objections .
The director gives a choice to broaden our mind and to come up with our own conclusion or maybe imaginable ending of the gripping story .
RECOMMENDATONS
For me there is no better movie to be presented in our club .
Taking into consideration our interest in the field of thrillers , under no cicumstances can we miss it !
The profile of millions of recent graduate and professional people in Spain is a young person , well prepared and without work who are thinking of going abroad as a good chance to get a job .
To work abroad can offer you a good opportunity , maybe it would never happens in your own country , instead .
Furthermore , as well known , salaries are higher in other European countries than in Spain , so your life conditions may increase the same as your career ladder .
On the other hand , going abroad without your family might be a really bad experience , because you may thoroughly miss them , maybe because you are not able to visit them as much as you can due to living far away from home .
The weather may be a disadvantage , as well .
For example , if you go to work to England you can see off the bright and sunny Spanish days and say a big welcome to the frightful English weather and depression .
To sum up , the disadvantages of going abroad are higher than the advantages , but every cloud has a silver lining .
Maybe , many people who have studied did it to get a job opportunity in their own country , but life is life .
All About me
Hi ! My name is Ester , I was born in Danderyd and
I have not moved since that .
I have got one sister , she is 15 years old and her name is Tina , she is also going in Fribergaskolan .
I also have a little rabbit which is named Frippe , he is so cute and cuddly .
But my dream is to own a horse because I love riding .
On
Fridays and Saturdays I go riding at the riding center
named " Djursholms ridskola " and at Sundays I often go
to my " carer horse " , it 's like your own horse for a day ( or more ) in the week and mine is Saturdays .
My carer horse is named Wiggins but he 's called Viggo .
Viggo is a black , quite small pony .
He 's a little bit lazy but loves to run fast , so he is lazy in a smart way .
I love him and I hope he loves me back .
When I was eight years old I visited Thailand , it was wonderful and we lived at a hotel so close to the beach , I could nearly touch the sand from the pool .
We rode on Asian elephants and dived in the water .
One day we were out to three different Islands in a diving- group .
One of the islands was a cave you had to swam into it , it was very beautiful .
When we were in Thailand we saw many different animals , everything from big leguans to rainbow fishes and deadly sea - snakes .
Every year at the sport - vaccination me , my mom and my sister are going to Switzerland to go skiing in the alps , it 's wonderful and really fun .
We have never seen a marmot but I so want to .
We have went to Champéry a couple of times .
In Champéry you can ski over to France , that is awesome .
We have also went to Verbier , I loved the cabin we slept in there .
It was very big but was cozy at the same time .
Three words that describe me best is perhaps , animal lover , happy and a perfectionist ?
It 's hard to say something like that about yourself .
A weakness I would like to eliminate is that I often think or say " I do that later " and never doing it or say the same thing when it 's time to do that .
That is really annoying for my mom and others .
I like food , especially Italian food , It is my favorite food to eat .
And of Italian food I like pizza ( thin with tuna ) or some delicious pasta the most .
My favorite restaurant is " La Piazza " in Djurholm and it is of course Italian , I have actually been in Italy twice , in Rome and Florence and in a small town named Lucignano in the countryside .
I think that 's my favorite country too .
When we were there last summer , I saw an endangered and rare bird which is called Hoopoe .
It was beautiful and had like a mohawk of orange feathers on its head .
I like to read too , my favorite type of books is horse books or just random books its hard to explain but I mean , books with daily action not sciene - fiction or romantic .
Some of the books I like is named only way is up and steal the show and is written by Emmy Abrahamson , I think she is a very well author , another author I like is John Boyne who has written the terrible thing that happened to Barnaby brocket .
Right now I read a book called " the maze runner " it is very exciting .
When I grow up I want to be a vet , it 's a dream come true for me , I hope I will go to other countries like Australia and job there as a vet for a couple of years . I have never been blood scared or something like that and I would love to have a job I think is fun lifetime out .
Another dream job for me would be an art - director .
I love to design presentations and edit things at the computer but also in real life like my room , clip - art and more .
Parkour is a discipline in which its main proporse is to train your body and mind to be able to pass through a point A to point B , in any kind of environment , the safest and faster way without causing no harm to your body .
Parkour was developed in Lisses , Frace , around the 1980 's .
One of the faundations used to develop Parkour was the Natural Method created by Georges Hébert .
Basicaly , the method is based in develop the main foundations of moviment of the human body , they are : swim , run , walk , jump , quadruped moviment , climb , lift things , balance and defend yourself .
Raimond Belle was a former Vietnam souldier and worked as a fireman in the French army .
He had a great background in gymnastics and , sice he was a teenage , he used to do a lot of exercises .
The roots of Parkour was developed by him and he taught some of Parkour thechniques to the fireman which he used to work with .
His son , David Belle , was taught some of the faundations of Parkour too .
David and a group of friends tried to adapt this techniques to the urban environment and then the actual Parkour was born .
Some people say that David criated Parkour but , in fact , his father develop all the idea of the discipline .
David adapted it to the urban environment and created new moves .
Parkour is n't just a physical discipline , there is also the philosofical part . Altruism , " be strong to be useful " ( it is actually a frase Natural Method ) , develop your body and mind so that in a dangerous situation you will be able to save yourself and other people and so on .
Therefore , is due to its philosofy and the joy that I fell before , during and after a train , this is why Parkour is my favorite exercise .
Nowadays our society has become very lazy due to the use of the car or the motorbike .
There are less people who use the public transport in the city because they prefer travelling by car rather than in public transport .
For this reason , the use of public transport is going down , and some experts say that there is no future for the public transport .
For lot of people , travel by your own car is more comfortable than travel by public transport like bus or metro , because you do not depend on a schedule , that it is very common when you take public transport .
Conversely , when you travel by your own car , you save a lot of time during the journey .
However , public transport has also advantages .
On the one hand , public transport affords you to waste money , because the price of the ticket is not very expensive .
On the other , travelling by metro or bus pollute less than going by car .
The reason is that when you use the car , you normally go on your own and when you travel by metro or car lot of people are travelling at the same time as you .
In my opinion , there are more people who travel by car every day , even for short journeys .
For me , people have become very lazy and they prefer the car rather than puiblic transport , because you can take the car when you want and go where you want whotout spending hours waiting for the bus .
The consequence of this is that in the near future the public transport will disappear .
The company ensures the quality of water from production to distribution .
The product will be registered with Ministry of Helath and SriLanka standerds Association and adhere their rules and regulatiuon for production , storing and distribution .
We will not compromise the quality of the production process or the product for any cost .
The company will ensure that , the low negative environmental impact due to the production process .
The company will set the retail price same as other bottled water products in market .
But we will give a good price to retailers and hotels to sell our products more in market .
The direct supplies to offices , households and hotels also will be given good price with the delivery service .
We will rent water dispensers with a maintenance services to required customers in future to attract more customers .
During the last century , our way of life has changed completely , even in villages .
For example , cars are the main kind of transport because of this most of the families have more than one in their houses .
However , changes always has a negative side .
According to the last studies , pollution increases this year in the biggest cities whereas it goes down in villages .
On the other hand , cities are more worried about how to recycle their rubbish than in villages .
To resolve this trouble , my village has created a plan to teach its population how important it is to take care of the environment and how to do it .
For this reason , we have new containers to separate all rubbish : we have to throw away bottles , cans and cartons into the yellow ; paper and cardboard go to the blue and there is another one for glass .
Food and other things are thrown into the green container .
The council also has put over one hundred bins around the village to keep clean our streets .
At the school , children are learning how to spend less water or electricity at home .
Turn off the lights when you do n't stay in a room or do not waste water while you are brushing your teeth are some of advice .
I hope these simple actions can be used for other people because the environment needs that we work together for a better world .
Let me introduce our city curiosity .
Our town is often connected with Tomáš Baťa .
He made our town well known and he had a shoe factory built here .
Name of the factory is Baťa .
How interesting !
Anyway , he built a skyscraper , which is called 21 .
And what is inside that building ?
There are some offices .
But that 's not the most interesting thing !
Tomáš Baťa had own office , but do you know what is a little bit strange ?
His office is built as a lift !
But that 's great !
He had to control his employees and this way did n't take him so much time .
But that 's not all ...
When you get on the last floor , there 's a large terrace and cafe .
You can see a beautiful panorama of our town .
It 's an unforgettable experience .
You can offer a delicious coffee , tea or cake and you can watch the beauty .
It may not be your cup of tea , but I think it 's the most interesting and beautiful place in our town . I 'm looking forward to see you !
When visiting Copenhagen during summer time there is a huge variety of shops and restaurants that will give you a sense of the Copenhagen lifestyle .
Start your day by joining the many joggers along the city lakes , there is a small cafe , " Kaffe Salonen " , where you can grab a coffee to - go and enjoy the morning sun on one of the many benches looking out on to the lakes and many birds .
Afterwards , take the bridge over the lakes and enjoy a full day of shopping .
Lining the streets are small second - hand shops , cafes , markets and boutiques that are daily visited by the local people .
If you get tired of wondering the streets then you can always enter the big shopping store Magasin for more indoor shopping .
The shops close at around six and eight o'clock in the evening .
When you are tired of shopping take the bus to the West Side of Copenhagen where there is a vast choice of restaurants , everything from Italian to Chinese to Danish cuisine .
If you like an evening stroll or a night out , walk through Istedgade for a glimpse of the old Copenhagen and the nightlife is offers .
Do we need fashion ?
Fashion , a popular topic .
We all wear clothes , do we ?
And most people think about what they wear , although some do n't care about there clothing .
What happens when we all just have to wear the same clothes ?
Do we really need fashion ?
I talked about this topic with a few other students and asked them what there opinion is .
In the following paragraphs I 'll tell you what they told me .
The first question we discussed was : ' Does it exist just to make money for clothing designers and manufactures ? '
Their opinios first varied a bit here .
An argument some called was:'In case we remove this whole industry , then there would be an humangous group of peoole unemployed , and that would be a problem . '
The others answered on this with the question : ' When does a company starts making something , just because they want something to do ? '
This question made the other group doubt a bit , they did agree that a company does n't just start making something to have something to do .
This made them all agree that fashion is there for a reason , and not only for money .
Next question we talked about the following question:'Does it have too much effect on models ? ' They did n't have to think about their opinion , they all directly said ' Yes ' .
They told that if you wanted to be a model , you had to fit in a size of clothing which is really small .
There is immense group of girls who really want to be a model , caused by the fact that they do n't fit in this clothing yet they have to lose weight .
Much girls are losing too much weight right then because they want to be ' perfect ' and got anorexia and those things .
The following question which we talked about was:'Does it have too much influence on young people ? '
Here they all directly responded with a ' yes ' too .
In their opinion young people , also themselves , were very busy with fashion and clothes .
An example on which they all agreed was:'In case you just met your new class , and you had to choose next to who you had to sit the most people were going to sit next to the girl or boy with the trendy clothes ' .
Some said that it even happened that people just bought a particular kind of clothing , just because they thought they would have more friends then .
The next question was:'Does it make society materialistic and competitive ?
The students were a bit doubting but agreed on the fact that people who have stylish clothes are usually the most popular .
And there 're a lot of people who want to be popular , so they are going to buy trendy clothing .
The last and probably the most difficult question we discussed was:'Does it affect the way you dress and the kinds of clothes you buy ? '
They all said it kind of did affect however they also bought clothes they liked .
I asked them the question:'If you liked a piece of clothing but your friends did n't , would you then have bought it ? '
They all said yes , but with a little doubt .
So , we do kind of need fashion .
But where do we decide on which clothes we wear ?
And do you have to like your clothes or someone else ?
Maybe we should keep in mind that we should wear clothes in which we feel okay .
It was a lovely and sunny day .
I was gardening since the beginning of the morning , when the postman arrived .
At that moment , my dog was kidding with a ball that was small and green .
The postman took the letter from his bag , and then , gave me the letter .
I was so surprised !
I was not expect any letter .
Suddenly , I felt so nervous and I did not know why .
That letter has changed my whole life .
I totally do not agree with the statement that there is no future for public transportation because of car existences .
General public are using the public transportation more than before .
students who are not allowed to drive still using the public transportation and they will always do .
Moreover , the traffics on areas such as down town enforced people to use the public transportation as train , since the trains are faster .
Insurances are so expensive in north America , most of householder are not using the car because of insurance , and also because of adding cost as fixing the cars , changing car oils and etc .
Furthermore , Government are enhancing the public transportation by services they are providing with lower cost . the fair for raid in public transportation are more less than the cost of driving the car at the same distance .
Finally , none will argue that the benefit of using cars over public transportation , but that does not excluded the public transportation .
Hi Paul ,
how are you ? I hope that everything is all right .
I am writing as I promised .
The concert was great !
The best I 've ever been to .
Although I was watching it from backstage , the atmosphere was the same as I 'd have been watching it in front of the stage together with other fans .
There is a lot of work during the concert preparation .
We had to check if everything is correct : sound , light , special effects .
Besides , we have to watch if the band have everything that they need : something to eat and to drink , I was responsible for it .
It was the hardest thing !
I had to satisfy all of whims of the stars .
It was an unforgettable experience . I will never forget it .
The opportunity to meet your idols in real was the most exciting .
I will tell you everything when we meet !
Hugs and kisses ,
Ania
CLAIM
Attachment we return you back text of the doctoral thesis of , directed by Dr. , requesting you to fill out the detailed report of evaluation , also enclosed .
We explicitly point out that this report is compulsory to proceed with the necessary arrangements for the deposit of the thesis .
If you have any incident on receipt of it , we kindly ask you to inform us , to put it in order as soon as possible .
Yours Sincerely
Vacation is what we have waited for three long months of hard studies , homework , tests and more .
Even though we have finished the term exams , they have just given us a week free .
I did not do everything I wanted because I was forced by my parents to go to Boquete .
The day we finished our last exam , I was not sure what to do . First a friend was not talking to me , because someone told her a lie , so we went to yogen fruz to talk , then I went to the gym and walked to Gabo 's house and then Dani 's .
From there we went to the mall and for last to Juanca 's house .
Friday , I spent the day with my mom and later I went to a friend 's house with Juanca , Oliver , and others .
Saturday I helped a friend with his party and made 64 dollars .
Sunday I went to the mall with the same people .
The group is named Hogwarts
From Monday till Friday I was in .
Boquete where I did nothing and Saturday I came back .
That night I went to Oz with my friends till 2 in the morning .
The last day I went to Nashla 's pool and ordered 50 chicken wings .
I did not do much
The summary of my vacations is that the time I spent with friends I had a good time but when I was with my family y got bored .
I do n't know if you remember the Nastaran thing .
But the same as I thought you 'd never love me for much long time , if you could ever do it , I always thought that Nastaran would be the girl of my life , if there were any .
But I lost her after a little kiss from the cheek in the first date .
Of course after that I never thought that I ever had the chance .
But once one of her friends told me that before the kiss , everything was to be ok .
And I believed her .
And since then it 's the most pain .
I know it may seem as a meanness of her .
But it was n't .
Tonight she got the admission from Harvard .
Since I have a specific feeling by now , I thought of sharing it with you .
I miss sharing things with you .
And I used the English 'cause it would be more spoiled in Farsi .
Belarus is not a popular tourist destination nowadays but a lot of people would be surprised to find real medieval atmosphere in Grodno , a western city of the country .
Founded in the 12th century , it came through all important events of Eastern Europe history , from Tatar invasions till the World War II which was a real disaster .
Two ancient castles remind us of the times of kings and nobility , quiet pedestrian streets show us the life as it could be in the 1800s .
Grodno is situated on the crossroads of great trading ways that 's why one could hear Polish , Jewish , German , Lithuanian there .
Its multiethnic population was the reason to organise and held the Festival of national cultures every two years .
It 's worth visiting because traditions of the ancient Belarusian , Tatar , Russian , Jewish shown alive make us feel history itself .
City of different religions , different nationalities and " talking stones " is waiting for you .
REPORT ON SHOPPING FACILITIES IN MY TOWN
The reason Lagos remains a mega city is because of its abundant tourist centers .
The beautiful seaside and natural games reserve or Zoo makes it very attractive to tourist visitors .
A pleasurable tourism is not complete without a fascinating shopping center that has several facilities .
ATTRIBUTES OF SHOPPING FACILITIES
There are lots of shopping centers in my town with their own unique characteristics .
These include facilities like ample vehicle parking lots with very low charges or almost free of charge , elevator systems to access any area of the shopping malls in the case of carrying very heavy loads of purchases and relaxation spots like Cinemas and gaming centers for kids .
In addition , most shopping malls do have enough space for their customers to move around without getting any clustering of people ; as this is a statutory requirement to building a shopping mall .
SHOPPING RECOMMENDATIONS
As a matter of fact , Shop - rite is one of the best place in my opinion , that I would advise people to visit .
It products are more international and they offer a lot of discounts to tourist visitors .
Besides , this shop is not too far from the known natural games reserve in Lekki area of Lagos .
Another shopping center is the magnificent Lagos Island market .
This is where you would find several shops that sell most African traditional artifact .
I will rather advice tourist to pay this market a visit to enable them have choices of priceless products .
CONCLUSION
I hope from the explanations , I have been able to convince you with respect to my opinion about the shopping centers in my town and their possible facilities that abounds as you take your time in considering visiting them .
In developed countries , four wheels gain high appreciation in everyday transportation .
In capital cities of Europe one can easily notice how many people prefer their own means instead of the pushing crowd of public transportation .
It is however well known after a plethora of scientific publications that cars harm the environment dramatically .
On the other hand , modern citizens like to be part of green revolution and carbon footprint has an effect in everyday decision making .
Many organizations and public authorities encourage workers to use public means of transport to and from the job place in order to minimize greenhouse gases emissions and save natural resources .
As a result , before private transportation reaches its pick for 21st century , it is more probably green mobility overlaps it and dominates in people choice .
There is great future for public transport , same for bicycling and on foot travelling instead of cars and other polluting machines .
Dear Harry ,
I have just received your letter .
I 'm pretty excited to be in London from the 11th .
I 'm arriving at the train station in the morning at 6 o'clock .
Do n't be afraid not to recognise me because I haven't changed a lot in two years , but for your confidence I will be with a bright orange suitcase .
I 'm waiting for meeting with your family and in this case that we will be staying with Eileen , I want to bring her something .
What can it be ?
I would like to visit Big Ben Tower and many other places that you will propose , but I do n't really want to see common tourist sights , so if you could show me something that not everyone can find , I would appreciate that .
Write to me as soon as possible .
Yours ,
Ann .
Best places to young people visit in New York ?
I am doubtless it is an easy task : here you can visit many entertaining facilities , where you can find technology or culture , for example , and there are also many places to eat , dance , etc .
The Statue of Liberty is by far the most famous building at the city .
The great view it provides is incredible .
The Times Square is a good site for buying too , although the excessive quantity of advertisement is a little bit annoying .
Finally , the Metropolitan Museum of Art is a good place for people who like history , antropology and viewing a lot of types of arts .
Talking about places to eat or dance , near the Grand Station you can find the ' Num Pang ' , a good place to eat sandwich .
Remarkably , teenagers like eating this and it is where you can find one of the best .
Around the Central Park , there is one of my favourite bakery : '
The Bouchon ' .
Many types of candy and cakes can be found there .
If you need more information , please tell me .
Have a good travel !
I utterly agree with the statement : travelling by car is much more convenient , because you can go wherever you want without waiting for a bus or train at a bus stop or station .
I think that travelling by car is also more inner and comfortable because you only travel with people you know .
Talking about money probably car is more convenient , even if you have to pay for fuel , highway and everything that is necessary to the maintenance of the car .
As a result , if you use public transport , you have to pay an expensive subscription and different tickets .
There is no future for public transport because buses and trains are broken and dirty and people prefer to avoid them .
So people prefer travelling with their own means of transport instead of paying to travel in a terrible way .
On the other hand , if we do n't use public transport and every person use a car , pollution will increase a lot .
We can also say that with cars you have to find a parking , so you can waste time and sometimes pay for that .
Eventually we should use public transport to reduce pollution , but they have to be more checked and repaired .
I agree with the statement , fmous people deserve to have a private life without life jouralists following them all the time .
Fame is a choice of many people , it was their dream .
But it does n't mean they haven't got some rights to have private life .
Many of them have got family members , who do n't want to have anything in common with fame .
Usually journalists also following them all the time .
It 's very important to remember if you 're famous , you should protect your family .
Sometimes happens , that journalists write some silly gosspis about famous people , which are not true .
It may be a danger for family of a celebrity , politician , famous person , because of them some could broke up .
But on the other hand , being famous is a free choice for many people .
They want to be rich and famous and they know , that journalist will be follow them .
But sometimes it does n't depend on us .
If you 're a queen , member of royal family , from your birth you 'll be observing by press and magazines .
It 's a price of being famous .
Altought it does n't mean , that press should write about privacy .
Public activity is one of the most important thing .
In my opinion , the television has an important role in the society because it can influence in people 's life .
I mean people watch television to entertain themselves but others maybe watch it to learn a new language with different programs that television offers or just put subtitles to make it simple .
A lot of important news can be shown to people around the world by TV .
It 's important to know what it 's happening in the world because it can enrich your knowledge culturally , politically , etc .
Besides you need to know if a conflict is developing at the moment or if many severe situations are being occurred in your country .
Children learn a lot of things with cartoons , it can help them to improve the speaking and to know new vocabulary .
The television is one of the most important media .
So , for that reason I think television can entertain and also educate .
I 'd like to add that television can be the refuge of a person if it 's sad or the break of someone 's on its free time .
Watching TV can be funny and nice but watching it in excess can be bad and not healthy for your life .
I always believe I can become an engineer and computer technician to invent more things since I was small .
After I receive more and more information about some successful engineer and inventor such as Steve Jobs , I realize that no matter who you are and how smart you are , you can not live without a healthy body .
Consequently , I believe physical development is the necessity in secondary school life and I was so grateful for providing me opportunities of extra - curricular activities .
I like the feeling of getting sweat and a great passion in swimming .
Therefore , to maintain my body healthy and my interest , I keep on joining the School Aquathon since I was secondary one . I participated the same events each year .
It allows me know my body state and whether I have relapsed .
Besides it gave me a motion to train harder and never have a thinking of giving up that I need to keep my swimming training every year and reminds me of the importance of a healthy body .
Also , under the harsh training , it trains my willpower and setting goal .
I learnt setting a proper goal as it is a significant factor to success .
This goal push me forward to do better and better each time .
I realized that you will make a concession if you do not improve after take part in School Aquathon and saw others got improved but not just me .
I reckon learning and trying more kinds of things can change my school life to become more colorful .
School work and examinations gave me huge pressure so I found a way to strike a balance that I learnt playing windsurfing .
In my eyes , windsurfing is special and indispensable to me .
When I step on the surfing board , all my vexation and misgiving were gone .
Under the recommendation of my instructor , I joined the Joint school windsurfing competition .
On that day I found something wrong with my position on the result board . I was shocked and decided protest for the wrongdoings of the race committee .
After several meetings , I got my position back and I have learnt that we should believe ourselves .
Also I got trained my body and become more healthy .
The hottest issue nowadays is the global warming .
Therefore I paid more attention at global warming and ways to deal with it .
It is part of my dream that I wish I can have an invention to solve the problem in the future .
To know more information having a green lifestyle , I participated in the Green & Organic Health Run 2013 .
Also , I learnt communication skills with friends .
One of the purpose of this event is to encourage running to have a healthy lifestyle , so I got a better physical development .
To have more different experience , I have joined the " Dialogue in the dark " experiential exhibition .
In the total dark environment , I experience the feeling of the visually disabled and the difficulties of their livings .
After undergo this experience , I can totally understand their needs and I got my new goal of helping them in the future .
I get a greater passions in engineering so as to create some device to help them to have a more comfortable life .
Also I have learnt the communication skills with others and be considerate .
Under the colorful school life , I undergo different type of experience and I finally set my career goal to become an engineer or a computer technician .
I think it is not a good engineer who only got skills of engineering .
Therefore I reckon my experience can trained me to be admitted as a suitable candidate of engineering and I will work hard to achieve my goal .
People differ from each other and everyone have various professions .
Being a politician or a filmstar has something in common : those people are famous .
And , as a draback of being acelebrity , they are followed by papparazzi almost everywhere .
But do n't they deserve to have more private life ?
I think that journalists should remember about the private life of famous people which is deserved to stay in secret for other people .
There are a lot of cases known when journalists would make it difficult for a celebrity to leave some place because there were so many of those journalists .
And for some people it does n't really matter if it was found out that someone was in a bar for example as long as their films are really worth watching .
Besides , being foollowed by unknown people ought to be quite a scary experience .
Some people would say that it 's necessary for usual people to know how the politician lives so they could know if he should be trusted .
That 's for sure an important thing to know for voters .
But as for film stars , is it really necessary to know how exactly they live ?
Dear principle ,
I am writing to join English course in your school to improve my English and help me to find my job .
I have been learning English for 10 years .
In school my first language was English .
I can speak English good but not fluently .
my listening is goood and I can understand .
I do lots of grammatical mistake when I am speaking and writing .
I like to read books and travelling to different countries and knowing there culture .
I have two kids they go to school , I would like to join English course in the morning from 10 am to 2 pm of anyweekdays . I want to start the course as soon as possible .
I look forward to hearning from you very soon , if you have any question you can mail or contact me .
Thank you ,
Yours Sincerely ,
irf
It is a fact that the public is getting worse year by year specially here in Peru , however we have to think about the benefits that public transport has , for instance it can be a cost - effective way to get to work , so there will be no space for public transport in the future ?
Hundreds of people take buses at any time , one of the main reason for this is that they have not got their own car .
As a result , not only is public transport the option they have , but it is also the only one .
It 's known that over the years the system have improved and new means of transport have been offered such as trains and trolleys all of them with just one objective to transport a mass of people at a quick time .
On the other hand the number people who can afford a car and the cost that it involves have gone up over the last few years and one of the main reasons they have it because of the comfort , also they claim that they can get their work faster than public transport .
Michael sat in the bus and take out his dairy to calculate how much he have to invest in the tennis court .
A girl came and sat in the seat next to him .
She asked him when the bus is going to depart but Michael replied that he was also not aware of the departure time .
The bus starts after half an hour and Michael start talking with his parents over the phone and discussed his business .
The strange girl who was sitting next to him was listening to music and looking outside trying to ignore the details that Michael was sharing with his parents .
It was a 13 hour journey and the girl wanted to talk with Michael and so she offered chips but he denied .
After some time the bus stopped for 5 min and Michael bought two chocolates , chips and a soft drink and offered her a chocolate .
The girl accepted the chocolate with a smile and asked him where he was going ?
This is how they start their conversation and while exchanging conversation , they felt as if they know each other for a long time ... they got attracted towards each other and in the midst of that they kissed each other and even exchanged phone numbers .
Their bus was about to reach their destination next morning so Michael offered her to drop at home and the girl agreed with a smile .
At that time they felt not like parting but they have to and Michael dropped her home and returned back to his own home .
After returning home , Michael flash backed what he did in the bus .
Michael took a deep breath and look at the entrance door that was still open .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Sir :
I am writing with regard to an advertisement that appeared in the local newspaper recently .
This advertisement requeste a group of young people to work in summer camps all over the USA .
First of all , my name is Lorena and I have twenty - three years old and I am from Spain and I would like to job in your summer camp because I can improve my English level and earn money ; my English level is so good due to all this year I have been in English academy to learn the language and now I am going to take another certificate ; and just like that I will be able to communicate with children .
Secondly , last year I stayed in a beach summer camp and there were children aged 6 - 13 , besides my partner and I prepared water activities when the weather was good , against ; when the weather was bad we prepared puzzles games , adventure games , etc .
The advertisement talks about work in the kitchens ; our summer camp was little because it was in a small town so we had to cook children food and I could do it without problems .
I look forward to hearing your response .
Yours faithfully .
Lorena .
Michale will never forget the day as long as he lived .
It was on Saturday morning around 10.30 .
He went to the church on that day .
It was the Seventh day Adventist church which the ritual was to worship on Saturday .
He was there not because he was a Christian , but his presence was because of a girl he had a crush on .
Honestly , as eight years old boy who knows Christianity close to nothing , his knowledge of Christianity was lower than a 3 year - old child .
Anxiousness got the better of him as he prepare himself to enter the sanctuary .
In his mind , the only reason I was there was just to see the girl he had my crush on and to know some of her church friends .
The boy had to push himself and break the ice as the time went by .
Uhhh , I am starting to get lazy .
WHATTTT I MISSPELLED MICHAEL!!Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Public transport means travelling around the world and cities by using trains , buses , taxi , airplanes etc .
Some years ago people believed that private cars would be the main vehicle to move around but nowadays , due to economic crisis , most of the people have changed their minds ; they believe that public transport would be the main way to move around in the future for many reasons .
First of all , travelling by cars is more expensive than travelling by public transport ; cars should pay for gas , insurance , repairing , environmnet fees etc ; travelling by public transport is more ecological and cheaper .
Secondly , people who use public transport are safer than others who use private cars ; if they drink more than usual and drive their cars ; there are a lot car accidents due to drivers are drunk .
Finally , the traffic jam is much less if people use public transport than using private cars ; the developed countries have built a public transport system so to avoid traffic jam , why people not using it ?
In conclusion , public transport will not be affected by using private cars .
I strongly believe that in the near future public transport will be the main vehicle to travel around the world , safe and cheap .
Michael had just woken up , he felt a Little bit thirsty so he went to the kitchen for fresh water .
He saw his brother watching TV as usual .
As he could n't sleep anymore he dressed up and brought his brother to the park .
His mother would be probably working , she was a realtor and would be selling a house .
It was a windy day so they kept their jackets and scarf .
When Michael and his little brother , Jackson , arrived at the park , noticed that there was n't anybody around .
The park was sealed by a green tape which said " danger zone keep away " .
Suddenly two people dressed as astronauts were leaving the park and advertised to the young boys to go to their house and wait until these unfortunately event was over .
Tom and Jack were curious about what had happened but they did n't know from were to take answers .
While they were walking back home they heard a journalist commenting what incident have happened to the park .
The only thing they could clearly heard was : - But this can only be caused by the contamination , although these windy day hasn't helped .
Jackson stopped walking and get distracted by a beautiful dog , Michael continued on his way unaware Jackson was n't following him .
Almost arriving at home and mulling over the thoughts take his own conclusions to what could might have happened .
And wanted to share them with jack but ...
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Well , I think what this guy is trying to say is that it does n't matter if you have thousands of friends on Facebook if you do n't even know half of them .
What I think it 's stupid is that most people use to hide their faces from behind the screen and no one wants to appreciate a sunny day anymore !
What I disagree about this video is because he is generalizing too much .
I think it is cool to have a social network , and there is nothing wrong to let kids enjoy the technology that became part of our generation .
However , they must be controlled and especially by their parents .
I believe the old values should have been taught for children in schools .
The thing nowadays is , if you disconnect from all of the things we have , people make fun of you and say that you are old or just do n't know how to deal with the modern world .
Well , it is possible actually , just like we did in the 1990s .
I 've experienced this , so that 's why I am saying .
The internet has caused me depression once , I felt really alone and I used to be someone who I was n't in the real life , but I learned how to deal with it .
I am afraid more people pass through for the same thing
Some people like shopping .
Some people love shopping and some people can not live without shopping .
I Am from the first type of people .
I like shopping .
I care about fashion a little bit , so sometimes I go on a shopping spree and I spend a lot of money in some clothes shop .
But somebody has to go with me , because it would be boring with nobody .
Shopping with someone would be great .
After that , we can go at cafe and take some good coffee .
A lot of brands are generally good .
Some of brands are excellent and really cool in my city .
For example H&M. It is brilliant shop .
There are all of styles of clothes .
Sportswear , elegant clothes and of course accessories .
Everyone can find right his styles , so I recommend it .
In the summer time , Milan offers a variety of facilities and services , especially for young people .
Visiting the centre of the city is really fascinating : Piazza del Duomo is one of the most suggestive squares in Italy with the particularity of the white marble facade of the Dome and his multitude of pinnacles .
The surroundings are dedicated to the fashion : you can find the most important shops for whom Milan is known in the whole world .
In the same area , people often have the chance to attend free concerts of Italian singers and some foreign artists .
The Sforzesco Castle is another suggestive historic monument and the green Sempione park is one of the best place where people can practise sport or can attend a yoga class in the middle of the wildlife .
Finally people can experiment the Milanese nightlife in the area of the Navigli , which are really crowded from 19 till late .
Here you can experience the typical Milanese aperitif , during which you can have a cocktail while eating whatever you want and you can get to know many young people .
Thriller name : Killer shadow
The review :
Jack Pollard a street fighter known as Crazy dog lives downtown LA .
He has enemies who want to kill him .
One night when he is walking aimlessly in a privacy alley he sees a shadow which gradually comes to him .
At first he does n't care but suddenly sees it in front , an owner - less shadow .
He turns his head around to find the source of shadow but ca n't find anything so he feels fear but controls himself and yells : who are you ?
Hey if it 's a kidding , stop it , it 's not funny .
Suddenly , shadow covers him and crazy dog falls on the ground and dies .
The police announced checkout is the murder motivation .
A detective named James Reilly wants to find out the reason for murder and to arrest murderer .
He realizes crazy dog killed an innocent man named Joe Mendez last year but his body was not found .
In Mendez house in the suburb , Reilly found some old photos showing the sequel of criminals .
They all were tortured viciously before death .
It was around 9 PM when Reilly was there .
Suddenly he hears a weak voice whispering ; do not try to stop the shadow , let it kill the criminals or you 'll die .
He checks everywhere but ca n't find anyone .
He sees a shadow out of the house and follows it until it stands at the end of graveyard .
He goes there and sees a pile of garbage quickly brushes aside it and observes a hole in the ground .
He goes inside it and discovers a half decayed body that was compatible with Mendez identities .
He understands that the shadow was ghost of Mendez who wanted to take revenge on Mendez 's murderer .
I think this thriller is exciting because it shows a ghost with killing ability .
I think since this idea is creative people will like to watch it .
Alison read the note , smiled , and immediately put on her coat .
She knew what does that it meant , Jason was alive .
She kwew that he will be staying away for so long but she will wait .
She loves him and any World War was able to separe them , because she was pregnant and this baby was coming , it was a boy and his name was going to be Taylor just like Jasons ' father .
Alison took a pen and a piece of paper and wrote an answer for Jason , as fast as she could because the postman was leaving in one hour .
She was so excited and happy , she did n't kwen what could she write for her lover , she noticed that he was alive so she just wrote ' Dear , please take care of yourself , we will be here waiting for you , i 'm pregnant , it 's a boy , if you let me his name will be Taylor as your fathers ' name , I have always loved you and I always will , do your best , come back as soon as you can because I need you , love Alison ' .
She could n't stop smiling because she had just noticed that she would n't be alone anymore
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in Pamplona , and to outline some recommending shops that might appeal tourists with different interests .
Shopping Facilities
As might have been expected , a main city as Pamplona is well equipped to deal with a large number of tourist and residents going shopping .
Within the town centre itself there is a wide selection of stores offering local crafts , fashion clothing , food or wine .
In addition , several car parks have space for 2000 automobiles and are conveniently located on the centre with easy access and cheap rates .
There is also an extensive local bus network in order to provide services to all the suburbs around the city .
Special shops
Although most tourists come to Pamplona for the famous festival of " Bulls Running on the street " , many become passionite about the cuisine of Navarra . As a result , a few shops such as " LA VINOTECA " and " DELICIUS " have dedicated to selling selected top wines and typical food .
Both shops are located in " Castillo Square " and their staff speak English .
Moreover , a store known as " KUXUMUSU " offers all kinds of bulls - related souvenirs and genuine pieces that explain the Basque Country 's culture .
Recommendations for tourists
I would strongly recommend that any tourist , no matter about their interest , should visit the special shops aforementioned .
There is little doutbt that they will not only find original products , but will also enrich their minds .
Famous people should realize that if they try to gain famous all the time and waste their time on it , they will not have their own private life .
But they are surprised .
In my opinion , celebrities should remember that if they want to be famous they , probably , will be chased by paparazzi .
On the other hand , they are still normal peolple , who have families , partners and friends and they sometimes want to have a few private minutes , without cameras , media , newspapers , flashes and spotlights .
Probably , they want to go on holidays without recognise by other people , without giving autographs and taking photos .
Moreover , from time to time they prefer to leave house without make up and beautiful clothes .
Wahat is more , I am sure , that most of them do it on purpose because their main aim is the famuos .
And celebrities well know that they have to be controversial cause that is the best way to achieve their lovely famous .
So big names try to go somewhere without guards , without make ups to show themselves to cause some juicy gossip about them to gain famous in the easiest way .
To sum up , famous is ambivalent and people who want to be famous should realize it before become a star .
Dear Sir ,
I 'd like to apply for the position in your summer camp .
I found the advertisement on you website and I 'm sure that I 'm the person you are looking for .
Although I 'm Italian native speaking , I 've been studying English for seven years ; furthermore last summer I spent two months in Philadelphia so I can communicate quite well in your language .
I 'm really cheerful and hardworking , and I have good marks at sport .
I link a page of my school magazine where you can find my CV .
In addition to that , I love children and I usually look after four children , aged from seven to eleven , every Saturday .
As I enjoy cooking , I 'm suitable also for the work in the kitchens .
I have saved some money to pay the air fare .
I live in Italy , so I ca n't easily meet you for the interview , but I hope we could manage for an interview on skype in the next days .
I 'm available every aftenoon from 5 to 8 p.m. , while in the USA is morning .
Could you please answer me with an email ?
Thank you for considering my application .
Yours faithfully ,
Serena Palerma
What is fame ?
How is it to be famous ?
How the famous people feel and what they miss ?
Do they deserve their private lives ?
Of course they do .
I absolutely agree with the statement .
Everyone deserves his own privacy , own peace , time just for him and famous people too .
I understand , they are rich , their lives might seem interesting , even more interesting than ours , but they are not so different , they are not better than us , ordinary people .
Many of journalist or photographers think when they write some gossip about politicians or when they take some " curios " photos , it 's ok .
But it 's not .
They may hurt these people , they may ruined their life just using a bad word .
It must be really stressed when you ca n't come anywhere without journalists following you .
And also it must be really uncomfortable for friends or family who go with you .
It is a big pressure .
Of course some of famous people might like this feeling that they are so likely and favourite and they , who do n't like it they have a posibility to protect their privacy better or more or pretend that journalist following them do n't exist .
If I am honest , I have to say , I would not be famous if I would lose my life .
I like my student life without followers .
My town is a very good town for taking care of the environment .
My town , City X , is a very green city .
Only cool and good cars are allowed .
People will be fined if they throw garbage on the streets .
This town is a very strict town .
Our town is full of green plants everywhere : in the school playground , between the roads and many other places .
My town uses only uses electric cars because they do n't dive out carbon dioxide .
Smoking is not allowed .
Farting in the open air is not permitted .
Plastic substances should be reused .
Plastic bags should be bought in shops .
Most people use leather or fabric bags for their everyday life .
Dogs are also not allowed because they fart and are not clean .
People with dogs will be sentenced and will suffer heavy consequences .
People who smoke will be jailed for 20 years .
City X helps reforestation in many countries and places such as Brazil , Java , Sumatra , Peru , Guyana , French Guyana , Surinam , Bolivia , Uruguay , Paraguay , Colombia , Venezuela , Equador , Chile , Indonesia , Bali , Malaysia , Singapore , India , and many more .
Public transport is going to face a huge decrease in the near future .
New technologies are changing the way of thinking private cars in a new much more save and ecological way .
On the one hand , public transport is well known by their large amount of benefices like less pollution and more economical aspects .
Moreover , large crowded cities using underground or bus are usually a good way to avoid traffic jams , saving time and stress of sad drivers during commutations .
For that reason , fomenting the use of public transport has been the main concern of most of modern governments .
On the other hand , huge technological improvements in car features like self - driving , electrical engines , solar power and others , have created a new perspective of conceiving the way we interact with cars .
Usually , cars need one hundred percent of our attention during driving . Resulting as a huge disadvantage of cars compared to public transport because we are not able to enjoy driving time by doing something else at the same time we are driving .
However , that is really close to change by Google 's Self - Drive Car which is a new technology able to drive our car to any destination without humane intervention .
Furthermore , the car could be empty and go anywhere we command .
That exiting news open a new world of possibilities for the use of cars .
For instance , imagine going to work and order the car going to park home after take your children at school .
In addition , many other improvements like electric engines from Tesla are getting new benefices to this new concept of Intelligent - Cars .
To summarise , cars are going to be so independent , ecological , cheep and intelligent that we will never take a public transport again .
My name is Tove .
I like to play soccer , dance and sing . I like to dance because I can do a little bit whatever I want when I dance and only a few people is judging me .
I like singing because it can bring happiness .
I like to play soccer because I get to hang out with friends and train at the same time .
My favorite food is sushi , and my favorite drink is a pink drink with Pineapple in it . I like sushi because it is fresh and sweet and at the same time it is sour .
The drink is so good because it has a lot of sweet flavors and it has pineapple in it .
I want a kitten but my mom is allergic so we ca n't have one .
I was born in July 25th 2003 .
I have a brother named Markus who wants to be a professional tennis player when he gets older , he is 17 years old .
My mom 's name is Katarina and she likes to sing , she turns 50 this year .
Her favorite food is crab and her favorite drink is a good white wine .
My dad 's name Björn and he likes Tang So Do and to swim , he is 52 years old .
His favorite food is grilled steak .
Dear Paul ,
we did n't seen for a while so you do n't know much about me lately .
Last month I was training at a concert by decorated the scene and seriously came out better then I expected to .
The bulbs were red and the ground was full of yellow flowers .
Seems simple but looks beautiful , sometimes the simplicity is the most perfect accessorise .
I was happy helping those people , because money from the tickets were donated to a nursing house .
Nowadays people care more about themeselves and making good things for some of them is wrong !
I 'm sad when I see a nursing house but you know , there , people will never talk whether they do bad or good and in the end of the day , they will not care only about themselves and their insecurity .
Being there is like having your own family .
I hope , in the next project you 'll be there helping us !
We need more caring person !
Dear Jo ,
I am really happy you write to me for some advice and I am very honourated that you want to spend some time in my country .
Now you have got lots of free time and I think that you must make a really good tour of my country .
Firstly you have to decide if you want to visit the North or the South part of Itlay because if you do a full immertion tour of the intire Peninsula you visit neither a half of all you have to visit .
If you decide to visit the North part I think is good if you start from Trento and his new museum about nature called Muse .
It is very beautiful because it is structured like a mountain ( and so you can start from the last floor and then you go down visiting other floors ) .
Then you must visit my city , Milan .
There you must see the center of the city because we have the Dome ( the Church ) , the gallery near the Dome , the little hidden church called S.Satiro and , at the end , the Sforza 's castle .
Then you must visit Venice the city on the water where every part of the city is a little treasure .
If you like the Egyptian story you can go to Tourin where you can find a huge and beautiful museum about Ancient Egypt .
If you want to visit the South part of Italy you must start your trip from Florence , the bithplace of the culture , then you must go down to Rome the capital city of my country .
After that you have seen the Coliseum , the Basilic of S.Peter and the Trevi fountain and so on you must visit Naples .
In that wonderful city you must visit the statue of Jesus Christ called " il Cristo velato " made by marble and then you must visit the centre of the city , full of fantastic features that make this city really particular like Spaccanapoli , Hidden Napoli , S.Gennaro 's treasure , S.Severio Church and so on .
If you are a little bit tired of all this trip you can go to Sicily where a beautiful and special landscape can welcome you .
There ale lots of things to visit in Sicily and the most important cities are : Palermo , Messima , Siracusa , Noto , Ragusa , Trapani , Agrigento ..
The idea to find a job that lasts thre month is great ..
I think you could work as an entretainer in some tourist villages roun the country .
In that way you colud improve your way to make a relationship with people and also it could be a great help for your theatrical experience .
I know that you are a brilliant photographer and that you want to improve your hability , so I think that you could do some photos during your trip and then you could send them to some experts .
Honestly I think that it could be hard ( just because you haven't so much time ) but I know that sooner or later there will be a photo event ... It 's not much but you can start from it to let other people know about your talent .
I hope that my advices will help you and I also hope that you have a great time in my country ! !
Let me know if you enjoy yout tour and take lots of photos ( I want to see them soon )
Lots of kisses
Marty
Nowadays , people have different viewpoints about whether the most principle concern of choosing an occupation is salary .
Personally , I disagree with that the money is the most important consideration for deciding a job , because there are several factors equally important .
I believe that other considerations are as important as money .
Firstly , the core values and the reputation of the company are necessarily concerned .
Working in a company which is built up with good core values and has an excellent reputation could easily obtain the fulfillment and keep passion in job for a long time .
We would believe that this job is worth contributing to for life .
Secondly , the co - worker relationship and the atmosphere in the workplace are extremely important when choosing a job .
Having a kind boss or friendly colleagues , for example , can bring workers the senses of belonging and enjoyment from working , hence the working quality may arise greatly .
Admittedly , money is necessary for people 's daily lives , satisfying their basic demand .
For example , the expenditure of food , drinks and commodities need the support from the steady income .
Furthermore , we may need much more money to have some activities , such as worldwide travel or outdoor camping for days .
In addition , in the life - long consideration , health - care would be increasingly important with people getting older , hence enough amount of money as a stable income could not be disregard .
In conclusion , while salary still plays a role and certainly affects people 's choice of profession , I believe that money does not outweigh all the other factors .
Karate gave me a new purpose of life .
This is one reason why it is my most favorite sport .
There are various reasons why I am absolutely fascinated by this martial art .
Behind every single movement you will find gracefulness and power .
Once entering a class , you are able to fully concentrate on the sport .
There are certain procedures in the beginning of a class which encourages you to empty your mind and be ready for class .
Especially in our hectic world it is very important to find to yourself and just listen to your body .
As a martial artist you start to get a great fitness and your balance will improve a lot as well as your flexibility .
Many characteristics will increase immensely such as confidence , self - defense or responsibility .
You will find that you will not only benefit from those in your normal life , but also in your job .
Karate can be started by anyone and any age .
However to see any improvements you should attend regularly and at least twice a week .
Only then it starts to make great fun and you certainly will not regret that you have taken it up . Enjoy ! !
Good Morning :
I 'm writing to apply for one of yours advertisement publised in the local newspaper last week .
I mean , the " Usa Summer Camps " .
I 'm 31 years old , and I have had the priviledge of working as a teacher all my live , so I am an experienced person capable of taking care children .
Due to my experience as a teacher I am sure that I could have any difficulty in organising sports and inventing a wide range of activities in order to entertain children .
As well as , take part in activities about cookering .
In addition to this , I bear in mind to improve my English through my work and of this way be able to teach the children some basic skill about this universal language .
I would be grateful if you would send me more information of this work and you can get in touch with my on 671234567 .
I look forward to hearing from you early .
Yours faithfully
Hi Anne ,
I 'm so happy to hear from you and pleased that you 're coming .
I look forward to seeing you when you arrive here .
Personally , I think the best month to come to Italy is April as the weather is temperate .
In my opinion if you want to meet people of our age I suggest going to the most famous local or places of the city .
How about going out with me and my friends ?
We can see each other in the centre and then we visit the city all together .
April is a very nice month .
Although the weather can change more easily , so you should bring different kinds of clothes both heavy and light .
The perfect outfit can be a pair of trousers , a t - shirt and a jacket .
Thanks a lot for your invitation and if I was n't so busy , I would travel around with you .
Anyway , I 'll wait for a message to tell me when you are arriving .
Best wishes ,
Aurora
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing with reference to my stay in your hotel last week .
I wish I could express my dissatisfaction with the facilities .
I am afraid to say the room was dirty and untidy .
At night , the noise was annoiying , I was not able to rest properly .
Besides , the phone did not work properly , it was imposible the use of it to call the receptionist .
In addition the elvetor was out of order .
There were six of us from a school , and we all agree the stay was unpleasant .
In the end , to my surprise , the price was more expensive than I expected as it was announced in your web .
It seems a tax was the excuse , but in my opinion this is a deceit .
I regret to inform you that if you do not offer my apologies and a compensation for all the disturbance caused to me I would go to the main authority .
I look forward to receiving a prompt reply .
Yours faithfully ,
Angel
All about me
Hello ! My name is Emma and I 'm 13 years old .
Now I am going tell you some facts about myself and my life .
I was born here in Sweden , actually right here at Danderyds hospital , but I lived in the city back then .
When I was about three years old we moved here , to Danderyd .
I lived in a yellow house , not far away from where I live now ( probably just five minutes ) until a year ago when we moved to a much bigger house .
I live here with my wonderful family based on my mum Aylin , my dad Tom , my two really annoying brothers Hans and Oliwer , and my two cats Tiger and Smilla .
Hans is 10 years old and Oliwer is 7 years old .
In the middle of the summer we always go to Gotland and stay at a farm , in a little house .
I go by cycle to " Fribergaskolan " every day together with my friends Tekla , Julia and Bianca .
I really think it is a great school with very kind teachers and students .
I like to dance a lot .
On Monday and Thursday I dance at a dance - school here , close to " Mörby Centrum " , called C - style .
I dance a mixture of street dance and show dance .
I also like riding horses , that is one of the thing I often do when we are at Gotland , by the way .
Right now I 'm actually in a riding course every Sunday .
We are just three girl , and I think this kind of riding is so much more fun than riding at a stable with big groups and so on .
I really like Spain , we have been there like six times and the reason is that my dad has a project there and sometimes he has to go there for a week or less and we have the luck to be able to join him .
I really like to eat sushi and other Asian food , like noodles .
My favorite restaurant is a restaurant in Stockholm at Östermalm called : " New Peeking " it 's an Asian buffé and they make the best food .
My favorite subject in school is probably Swedish , English or biologi .
My favorite book is right now : " The fault in our stars " because its a really good subject and it is sad but great story .
My favorite movie is maybe " TED " or " Grown ups " because they are really fun movies with some sad moments .
On the holidays and after school I 'm often with my friends and family .
I have a lot of friends in my new class and I knew almost everyone of them in my old school ( called Kyrkskolan ) .
One of my other big hobbies is photographing .
I got one own camera , it 's a Canon .
The biggest accident in my life was probably when I was three years old .
It was midsummer and my mum was outside on the terrace .
I wanted to go out to her so I open the door on the wrong side by putting my long finger and ring finger in the little crevice .
Suddenly a powerful wind make the door blow up and squeeze my finger really hard .
I screamed and it started to bleed really much .
My fingers were almost cut so my dad wrapped my fingers in bandage and we drove to the doctor as fast as we could .
They had to sew my finger but in the end everything went fine .
And today I got normal fingers .
I like animals very much and I want to become a vet when I get older . I have got a lot of animals in my life .
Three words who describe me best : committed , animal lover , loyal friend
That was the most important fact about me .
Emma Öberg 7A3
I live in Camden .
In camden every block counts with three or four containers to recycle paper , plastic , glass and old clothes .
Also , every flat or house has a recycling bag to recycle paper and a plastic container to recycle organic waste .
The council recollects , once a week , door to door paper and organic waste .
There has been an extensive campaign to limit the amount of water used to water plants and to wash cars .
What is more , people are encouraged to collect rain water to use in these activities .
Public transport was made accessible by reducing the fares and making it free for students .
Nowadays there are a lot of information about healthy , in order to have good food habits , sleep the amounght of hours recommended by specialist doctors , etc .
For these reasons I consider that could be a good option doing any sport that you like or you may be interested in .
In my case I really like doing spinning , I use to do it only twice per week but now I do that every time I can .
I think that in particular , spinning is a hard sport activity because when you was approximately 1 hour over your bike you 'll probably feel taired .
During the process people works a lot their legs , mixing different positions and speeds , And the most important thing , the musis is always running .
If you want to lose weight this type of sport is perfect because it belong into the aerobic exercises to burn the calories that we get eating fast food whereas it is suitable to people that only just doing exercise to entertainment .
Furthermore from the first time that I was in the gym I have known nice and friendly sportsman who try to give me advice not only how improve my techniques but how avoid injury .
Although it is kind of hard for young people who finished school finally , to understand that it 's definitely not finish yet , education do n't stops from then on and it is one of the most important things to continue going to school .
On the the other hand , young people in Bosnia do n't really have the opportunity to choose , if they want to go or not .
They finish school at the age of 23 - 24 including a further study without a chance of work or anything else .
To this , I think , it is a way which goes in the wrong direction .
Try to motivate people for education , studying and school is a very hard thing if they all know all those Imaginations are not going to happen anyway , whereas people in Switzerland have to choose very early in which direction they want to go and what their possibilities look like .
Therefore , education should be reachable for everyone , in my opinion , as long as possible , but only if the goal and possibilities are clear .
Only if all of that is guaranteed the motivation will rise .
Now shopping became one of the best way to spend time with family or friends , but not everyone like it .
For the most of men shopping is so boring and exhausting , but for the women it can be the best way to make better their mood , because they are so happy when they buy many clothes on sale , cheaper than in regular price .
I think that the shopping is not enjoyable for everyone when in the shops are a crowd and very long queue .
Then you spend more time in the shop and you will be more tired .
In the big shopping centre your pocket can be stolen by pickpocket and you can lost a lot of money .
Personally I really like shopping , because I am interested in fashion and I like look good .
So for me shopping is very enjoyable and I always forget about my problems when I try on new clothes , which suit to me .
But I do not like wasting my time too , so I usually do shopping in Mondays , because after the weekend shops are always empty .
Nowadays the technology and the society have changed in different ways and most people have more free time than years before .
This could be good , allthough some people say we need n't all this time and we have to work more .
First of all could be said that the society is spending more time doing relaxing things such as going to the beach or meet friends , and some experts say that we have to spend more time working or studying because people is becoming lazier .
In contrast , the technology have been becoming more useful and it could do works that we had to do some years ago and having more free time could be better for us .
Another point is that we can meet more friends or visit our family if we have more free time and that is allways good .
In other words could be said that if we have more free time our lifes would become better because we can enjoy with friends and do thigs with our family .
Frome my point of view , having free time is perfect because we can do more things that we are fond of and our quality of life would icrease
Hi James ,
how things are going ?
I hope you 're fine !
You ca n't imagine how I 'm excited about tripping to the UK !
After all those letters we sent each other , now we can meet for real .
I 'm looking forward being there to spend some time with you .
I 've never been to London and what 's more I 'm scared of big cities , therefore I 'll literally stick to you wherever we 'll go !
I 've been searching for a lot of stuff we could visit once I got there , for example Piccadilly Circus .
At a glance it seems very original and particular , is n't it ?
I think it would be fascinating go sightseeing around there and I could find some souvenir for my family .
Oh and given you 're a huge soccer fan like I do , what about planning a match involving some friend of yours ?
It would be amazing !
If you manage to organize it beforehand I 'll have the time to prepare all soccer stuff ( boots etc . ) .
Shortly I 'll give you some other information .
Write back soon ,
Mario
My name is Sylwia .
I was born in Polonne , a small town in Ukraine .
My school is located there .
When I was 17 I moved to Kyiv .
I study filology .
A few years ago I worked as literal editor .
Now I am working as a jornalist at National Radio .
I hate my job .
You may ask why is that .
I 'll tell you .
First of all I get less than 100 dollars for my work .
My programs are for the old people in different villages .
My colleagues are brain - damaged .
I want to grow .
But instead I am writing abour stupid decorations , illnesses and other boring stuff .
Next year I 'll be a PHD .
I was going to be a scientist , but I 'm not sure anymore .
I want to have kids and family .
I 'm trying to choose the best time for all these .
Can I cope with all that by myself ?
I 'm not sure .
I feel awful .
Sometimes it 's hard to believe that everything will be OK .
My country was attacked by Russia .
God , save us from the evil .
Teach us how to love .
Friendship is one of the most valuable sentiments for people , especially for people who are in school days .
Making new friends and sharing interests with others are always exciting parts of social life .
When it comes to the best way for students to make friends , some support that participating in community activities or traveling are preferable , however , from where I am stand , joining a sports team is the undoubtedly the best choice .
First of all , for the energetic students , doing sports is their favorite .
Therefore , joining a sports team from where they can share same interests and relax is the easiest way to know each other .
Training in the same sports team , the students can not only release them from whole day 's pressure , but also can build up good relationships with others through the communication and exercise .
For example , the champions of Olympic Games , China 's famous synchronized diving athletes , GuoJingjing and Wu Minxia , the two girls enjoy a really good friendship .
They became to know each other because they both joined the same sports team , and then after exercised and played together ; they finally become two enviable friends .
Additionally , cooperation and coherency are always the main essence of a sports team .
Here , students learn how to work together , how to fight for the same goal through tacit teamwork , how to contribute to the whole team instead of just thinking of self , and even how to negotiate or discuss with others , as well as how to be patient and rational .
Although there may be some argument or disagreement among students , I always think that everything is going to be okay because the sports team will be coherent .
Finally , joining a sport team will provide a long period of time for students to get along with each other .
However , if students participate in community activities , for example , doing volunteer job in the town 's library , they would not have sufficient time to communicate with each other since most of their time is full of working .
Meanwhile , students can play with each other during traveling , but only several days are deficient and most people will not keep in touch with others after the trip .
Sorry that I haven't been in touch for a while , but I 've been really busy lately .
How are you ? have you something new to tell me ?
Is everything ok with your family ?
Well , I have a good news for you ! I met a wonderful girl last weeck when I went to the cinema .
I was in the queue when I saw her wearing a stylish tight black dress .
She is perfect , with her long curly dark hair , and her pale skin .
She has a wonderful body , but in her face you can see the perfection .
Her slanted eyes and her shiny lips are gorgeous .
I want to introduce her assap !
See you soon .
Take care ,
José Luís .
" The Good Samaritan "
My country 's media this year celebrated a doctor who works in Afghanistan .
His name 's Roberto Cairo .
He set up a hospital in Kabul to take care of the mine 's victims .
He was decorated by the Italian President last June .
In my opinion he 's a hero of our times .
He left his job in a safe and comfortable Italian hospital to move in a country that lives a civil war .
He 's very brave to work in one of the most dangerous places of the Earth .
His charity 's saved many lives .
Every day he works hard to give support to the people injured by the mines .
In my opinion we need to thank people like him .
We never forget what he 's done , we must n't forget what he 's done .
Dear Mr. Leader ,
I am writing to you , because I 've heard that you 're planning a trip to our city - Katowice .
We have so many interesting places to visit , but if I must limit to only one I chose the centre of the city .
It is renovating , but you can see many beautiful buildings .
First of all , I have to show you our theatre and if you want to , we can go on an art .
In this theatre perform fantastic actors and I would like you to see their best play which is " Jackyl and Hide " .
Besides btilliant actors they have incredible decor and it 's perfectly situated , that is very near to the bus stop .
I hope you 'll enjoy our city centre , there you can entertain and learn something about our city .
It is really interesting place and I think you 'll appreciate this .
In case of any questions , please , write me an e - mail I answer them with pleasure .
Yours faithfully ,
Dominika .
I agree with this statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Some people like to do shopping every day .
Some do not like but it is a personal business .
Some people go shopping to feel better for themselves .
If they have bad day or if they have a good day .
Tend to be people who are dependent on purchases .
I personally love to do shopping and spend my money for new clothes .
Wednesday , September 30 3015
Dear Mrs. Tejada
I am writing to apply for one post in the summer camps at USA .
I heard about in my English class of my university .
I am in 5th semester of Industrial Designer , and I have 500 points in my TOEFL .
Apart from my studies , last year I went a camp of my career where I was helping in the welcome for the new students of the career .
Take part in the camp was wonderful because I helped for planning the activities .
Finally I a master in the kitchen I really enjoy made desserts and I was in a course of cook the last summer in fact I have experience in the kitchen .
As I mentioned above I have experience in camps , I speak English so I just want an opportunity for show you .
And I know my abilities with kids , I am patient , confident and organize people .
Perhaps most important , I offer a history of proven results so I am suitable for the job .
Please give me the opportunity to work with you .
If you would like to know more about me , please contact me at your earliest convenience .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours Sincerely
Alejandrina Guerrero Montanez
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby
I am writing this letter to apply for the post of the staff advertised in the Tuoitre newspaper of 13 March .
Since graduating from University of Eduaction majoring business English , I have been working for a food joint stock company on a contract basis .
I have particularly interested in dealing with various types of foods and meeting new people .
In addition , I am willing to work long hours for your cafe .
I would welcome the chance to work as a part of your cafe where I will make a small contribution while developing my English skills further .
Meeting new people and setting up new social relationships are also the temting point attracting me .
In addition , your cafe is conveniently located near my home which takes about 10 mintues to go on foot and i have 2 days off a week that gives me opportunity to challenge a new job .
I am available for interview on Monday morning next week and i am looking forward to hearing from you soon
Your faithfully ,
Thao
Dear Billal ,
I hope this email finds you well !
Last week , my friends and I were selected from the class to go on a fascinating trip to a contemporary and magnificent museum .
At this mind - blowing place , we looked and gazed at the phenomenally awe - inspiring and unbelievable fossils of ancient dinosaur bones up to 100 meters high !
We also made brilliant mini statues of a type of dinosaur , I did the T - Rex and my mate assembled a Raptor .
I luxuriate the manufacture of the spellbinding models and the gift we get to pick in the dinosaur shop .
I enjoyed this unforgettable experience to the meseum , and hope you can take your time out to go one day !
Kind Regards ,
Jon
All about me !
My name is Claudia , I 'm born in Sweden .
my parents names are Jan - Erik and Jessika , I have one older sister and one older brother , they are twins and they are 22 years old and their names are Kevin and Tilde , I have two dogs Ebba and Leia . old .
Leia is 6,5 months old and Ebba is 9 years old .
My favorite thing to do is play sims 3 and sims 4 and listening to music , my favorite music type is rock and of course my favorite band is Green Day and of course then my favorite song is stray hearts(Green Day ) .
My FAVORITE movie is Breaking Dawn part 2(The Twilight saga ) .
My favorite subjects are English and music , mostly because I love to sing and play guitar .
I love Disney movies like Mary Poppins and Peter Pan , but I ca n't see dog movies because if there 's something sad like the dog dies then I will cry .
My favorite books are of course all the twilight books(I ca n't choose one :3 )
One my free time I play guitar and dance and sing .
If I do n't do that then I am with my dogs or with my friends or just at home playing sims ! AND THE SIMS 4 CAME OUT FOR LIKE TWO WEEKS AGO AND I AM SOOOOO HAPPY ! :D My favorite food is sushi .
When i grow up I want to work with music in some kind , but if i do n't work with that then I want to work with animals !
I think the most beautiful building that I have visited is the " Monumento a La Bandera " .
It 's placed in Rosario , Argentina .
It was built on June 20 , 1957 by the architect and engineer Angel Guido to celebrate the Flag Day .
In the same place where Manuel Belgrano first raised the Argentina flag on February 27 , 1812 .
It has a tower of 70 meters with a viewpoint on the top , and it is famous for its big flag and the crypt in tribute to Manuel Belgrano .
Inside the " Monumento a La Bandera " you can see historical objects about the history of Argentina , in the underground it 's the hall of honor of American Flags .
If you want to enter to the hall of honor or enter to the monument it 's free but if you want to go up to the viewpoint , unless you are younger 5 , you must pay an entrance fee of 10 $ argentines .
The building is open from 9:00 to 19:00 every day .
Hate them or love them , villains are the funniest part in every story board .
Since I was a child , my favourite characters are being the cruellest one .
Why ?
Obviously because in every story , book or movie , despite heroes are weaker than bad characters , they always win !
What a boring situation !
For example , in Terminator 's movies villain was always stronger and more equipped than hero , but at the end of the movie the righteous wins the battle .
Finally , latest movies are based on cruel , bad , dirty and strong character ! Enjoy them !
In recent years , social media sites have developed and interpenetrated our society as the essentials rapidly .
There are enormous numbers of users all over the world , and social media sites such as Twitter , Facebook and YouTube are utilized for acquiring some information , contributing ideas , sharing photographs and communicating between individuals , individuals and organization or between organizations .
While social media sites change our society more convenient and more comfortable as compared with the past , they simultaneously accompany some issues .
There are two advantages and a disadvantage of the current social consequences , and I mention conceivable effects of social media site in the future .
Bulgarian parents can choose when their children start school- at 6 or 7 years old .
Before they start school they have to finish preschool .
Usually children go to kindergarten up to 5 years old , and after that they start preschool .
In this case they start school at 6 years .
Some children start school at 7 years old , it depends on when they are born - at the beginning or near the end of the year .
The Bulgarian school year starts in the middle of September .
So if the child is born in the first few months of the year , parents can choose when their child will start school at 6 years and few months or 7 years and few months .
Most Bulgarian parents are not agree their children to start school at 6 years old .
However , Bulgarian government was thinking change the law so all children have to start at 6 years old .
I think I ca n't compare education of children in school or tertiary education between Bulgarian and Australia , because I still do n't have children and I am not studding in university in Australia .
Let me introduce you to my hometown , Kortrijk .
Kortrijk is a small town , located in the northern part of Belgium .
It is also the Dutch speaking part of Belgium .
Kortrijk is nearby the French border about 15 minutes by car .
The town has 100.000 inhabitants .
It was built in the 11th century and is well known for its shopping area .
Ou
After a day of shopping , you can go at one of the many restaurants Kortrijk has .
You can choose between several types of food such as Japanese , Italian , French and many other food .
Of course you can eat the typically Belgian dish mussels with French fries .
In summer Kortrijk organises little concerts .
The concerts attract many people from all over Belgium .
Now Kortrijk is changing a lot .
The last few years a lot of building has been done in the area .
New bridges have enriched the town .
Many green zones have been implemented .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
last week , I was on holiday with my family in your " New Holiday Village " .
Unfortunately , our holiday did not live up to the claims made by you .
We had a number of problems ; the first one is concerning the number of beds : You offered space to sleep for six persons so we excepted six bed , but we only had five .
So , two of us had to share one bed , which is hardly acceptable
The other problems is about the offered excursions : You promised a number of attractions , but two ( the walk up to the mountain as well as the visit of a historic castle ) were not available .
Unfortunately , we also had problems with nutrition : In your brochure it was told that we will have a number of restaurants around , but in fact there was only one which was , in addition to that , really expensive .
This is in our honest opinion not acceptable , because in the brochure you talked about more than one restaurant .
To sum it up : We were not very pleased with our holiday as we could not enjoy some of the things you promised to us in the brochure .
We are the opinion that you should not offer things which are in fact not available .
Yours sincerely ,
Anna Olsen and family .
How people 's lives will change in the future ?
It requires a rich imagination to try to put a view of the future , first of all the means of transport will change , depend mainly on the solar energy or the nuclear energy , a flying public transport bus will be a fast ride to work , you will need to supply your car with spinache after they invent a spinache - using car .
Also the food will change in the future , capsules of your favourite foods will be available at the future in the mobile supermarkets , these capsules turn into your lunch as soon as you put a small amount of water on it .
In the future water will be very expensive to the extent that you will have to work three hours of overtime everyday to be able to pay for half a liter of clean water , but the one thing that will never change in the future is the smile on your mother 's face when you surprise her by cleaning your bedroom without using the robot that belongs to your older brother .
I think today 's television is still a good value , because there is more choice than ever before .
You can see whatever you want , whenever you want!There 's always something to watch for everybody .
Of course I think that we should n't watch too much television .
I think that 's the only negatieve point from today 's television , because maybe there 's too much choice !
Some people just watch tv the whole day long , and stay in their houses .
They just ca n't stop watching television , because there 's just so much what they like to watch .
I think that we should promise ourselves that we just watch maximal 1 hour TV every day .
In that way , we can enjoy all that new technology from today , and all the enjoyable tv - programms !
This photo shows me and my best friend .
It was taken on the embankment of Khabarovsk .
On the background you can see the river Amur .
On the left you can see people on an observation area .
They 're enjoying the view .
I was very excited because it was my first visit to Khabarovsk in the summer .
The city looks beautiful in this time .
By the way , in that day Everybodys were celebrating the Day of the City .
Afterwards we went for a walk .
We felt happy because we have not seen for a long time .
We used to engage in dancing and singing .
When we were schoolgerls we used to spend all our free time together .
We are living in different places now .
Luckily , we are in touch .
It 's not difficult today !
Lots of modern messenger like WhatsApp , Skipy , Vier make it possible for us to talk , chart as much , as we want .
13 July 2014
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing in response to your advertisement in SUMMER CAMPS USA to work in different situations .
I am available in summer whenever and wherever .
I have qualification in children , I am a teacher graduate by University Carlos III of Madrid . I have experience in adventure sports , I like the country and mountain .
I also have a certificate of lifeguard .
I have experience with children between aged 10 and 12 , I have worked in the South school Centre for two years .
I have always had a natural ability to work well with children .
I think that this job I will enjoy working with the children and trainer staff .
I speak English very good , because my mother is from UK and my father is from Canada , although we lived in Spain in our home always spoke in English .
My CV in enclosed .
I do not have experience to work in the kitchens , but a like cooking , I am living alone I do housework myself and meals .
I believe that I am suitable for this job because the sport , the children and the country are parts of my hobbies .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully .
This year is the last one before going to university .
After so much time at school some people think they need a break .
On one hand , it is true that leaving school means passing from the basis to your future profession .
After sixteen years of continues work , it is the perfect moment to take a rest and enjoy your life by travelling .
To know about other cultures and get new knowledge completly different from school .
However it could be a great time to work and earn some money for paying university or simply for saving it .
On the other hand , maybe if we have a break until university the routine of working and studing every day could break .
So when univerity starts , people will become busy , the routine will not be the same , and as a consecuences the marks will be lower .
to conclude , I think after school we need apply for university in order to continue working in what we like .
The year off should be taken after university studies
As the number of traffic accident has increased dramatically over the year , finding the best solutions has putted the government under pressure to whether implementing stricter penalties or using alternative regulations .
Personally , road safety can not be ensured with either former or later methods .
Instead , it should be a combination of various actions .
As a matter of fact , severe punishments can partly decrease the rate of offences .
Nobody wants to pay an expensive fine or spend time in prison , so fear of punishment might be effective and prevent people to make the offence a second time .
Moreover , one 's penalty also can be considered as a mirror that people can look at and avoid doing the same things .
The main offences are driving over the speed limits , drunk driving , driving without licences .
Its penalties , depends on the severity , could include fines , licence suspension , community services or imprisonment .
Consequently , those punishments make the drivers have to concentrate on driving only , therefore , minimize the amount of accidents .
By the same token , a sole method could not solve the traffic problems as driving offences are not the only reason that cause traffic accidents .
Authorities should enact more safety policy on road and ensure by improving the quality of traffic facilities .
In many developing countries , government rarely attach special important to both the quality and quantity of the traffic system , especially in rural areas .
People easily get accidents when driving in narrowed or severely damaged streets .
Furthermore , vehicle collisions are rising greatly due to number of unclear road signs .
Traffic education is also an compulsory measure , especially to young generations as they cover majority of offences .
People should be educated carefully about all the safety regulations and laws when they get driving licence , the more they know the rules , the less risks are taken on road .
In general , betterment of reducing traffic accidents is important .
Therefore , it should be considered carefully on how to combine both severe penalties and many other regulations .
Public transportation once used to be a convenient and inexpensive way to transport oneself in the city .
However , the increasing number of car ownership has been taken place of public transportation , providing more convenience to get around places to places .
Traveling by cars gives flexibility in our schedule .
We do not have to concern to catch a bus or train at certain time .
We can get on a car whenever we want to go to places and drive .
Such convenience of cars can enables us to use our time efficiently .
However , cars can not take place of public transportations just for that convenience .
Maintaining cars is cost associative .
Driving a car requires to fuel gas , and gas prices are becoming more and more expensive .
In addition , cars require regular maintenance such as oil change and checking tire pressures .
Mechanical problems can often be a costly problems .
Unlike public transportation , one has to be responsible for his or her tool of transportation , and it could be expensive sometimes .
On the other hand , the public transportation is inexpensive .
Not to mention not everyone can afford keeping a car with their budget .
In other perspective , cars require to drive .
Driving is not everyone can do .
For example , people who have disabilities and certain diseases are not able to drive .
Children under certain age are not permitted to drive .
For those people , public transportation can be an optimal choice of transportation .
In conclusion , cars are convenient , however , it is not for everyone use .
Therefore , the public transportation has its own means of existence , and there is a future for public transportation .
Dear friends !
Our congregation has carried educational family camps with the support of NNNs Integration programme for 8 years .
We have a hugeexperience in organising seminars and camps for families with disabled children .
For many of children participating in this camp is the only opportunity to spend time with the coevals and to feel fully - fledged members of the society .
Words fail to express emotions that all participants experience .
Health improvements of some children can be considered a miracle .
All children get a lot of positive emotions spending time together and learning how to be tolerant .
Reduction in financial support from foreign charity foundations leads to make our camp not possible to happen this year .
Our budget is fixed for only 75 people , it is almost twice a number of participants last year .
We do n't know and we do n't want to know how to refuse a participation in the camp to children in this situation !
We want all our children to go to this camp , so we set up a donation project .
The greater amount of money has already been collected thanks to the trustee board of " NNN " community , but we still need additional $ 13000 .
We are asking you not to stay indifferent to disabled children and to provide feasible help .
( Essay )
The idea that newspapers will diminish by time due to people 's perspective toward surfing the internet for the worldwide news does not necessarily mean that it can be taken for granted .
One of the most controversial issues nowadays is that a large sector of the society deals with newspapers as a daily routine .
They ca n't withstand one day without skimming through their pages with a cup of tea in the morning .
To the best of my knowledge , it is a way of behaving more than a way coping with the latest technologies .
To begin , the reason for decreasing the popularity of news papers is that most people , recently , rely on being online most of the time to follow the latest news all around the world .
The second main reason is that online news is often free of charge .
Thus , people read news at any time and for free .
On the other hand , newspapers are presented in a definite place , with limited time in addition they are daily payable .
While some may claim that credibility is the main reliable aspect of publishing .
It is obvious that the daily newspapers having a respectful reputation are the ones which could be accepted by thousands of people .
In this respect , newspapers seem to be more credible than numerous websites that make up fake stories much more than publishing real news .
Furthermore , reading habits have their own taste , specifically for those elderly people .
They enjoy turning the pages and reading the headlines using their eyeglasses .
That marvelous tasteful generation ca n't be buried alive as they have their own experiences and influences upon the modern society .
In light of the forgoing discussion , it appears to be true that the internet is an incredible aspect toward globalisation even in daily news worldwide .
However , the newspapers still have their lead in that perspective .
It can be suggested that combination of both arenas will positively influence the ways of delivering news .
Last week one friend of mine told me about a new cafe that had just opened near my house and that she thought it was a magic place .
At first , I did n't belive that this place would be as amazing that she said .
However , I accepted her plan and I met her at " Wonderland Café " .
I have to be honest and recommend all of you this magic place .
It has almost everything that you need in a cafe , comfortable chairs and sofas , beatiful features and a really good - taste coffee that they serve in most of twenty different ways and with all toppings you can think in .
Althoug the most important thing is that there were not only friendy staff but they look like if they were having tea in Wonderland , with Alice and the White Rabbit .
I strongly recommend this café if you want to enjoy an excellent coffee with a careful decoration and brilliant performances in which you can participate while having a drink .
You will love it ! !
I 'm 50 years old and I 'm living in a little city named Monza .
At my age is very important to keep fit so I ride twice a week .
This sport is not so hard , give me the opportunity to do an activity that is not too expensive and could be done outdoors and not in a closed sportshall .
When I came back from my job , in the afternoon , I wear something comfortable , take my bike and go away over the street alone with my thoughts and no one could disturb me .
Whenever I go out with my bike I stay on the way for two hours and I enjoy so much this time for myself that I 'll remain outside for ever .
For everyone who would like to start this sport is important to remember that you are alone with yourself and must have the power to improve the time you 'll stay out and never give up .
The visit is a movie in which two grandparents get to know his grandchildren for the first time .
They have never met his grandparents because her mom had a fight long time with them even before they both where born , that it caused not to know more about each other .
The girl is making a film for a school project about the journey about knowing his grandparents .
Then both kids realize that something is going wrong with them .
because sometimes they start acting really weird and after 9:30 pm weird things happen to them , then both kids understand that his grandparents are hiding a really big secret .
I think this thriller will get your nerves out of you , the movie reveals many things as it continues it 's actually so good and for those that are scared about thrillers , this movie is more like suspense and I really think you can enjoy it .
When facing a decision on whether to shop in a shopping center or in small stores , many people will choose the shopping center because you can buy all types of products at once .
Others , including myself , believe that shop in small stores is the premium choice .
In the following essay , I will outline two reasons to support my view .
First , small stores provide products with more unique feature and different selection .
That is to say , most small stores may have their own logos on mugs or even T - shirts and it is more likely to find handmade products in it .
For instance , my friends once bought a nice scruff with cute animal figure in a small store and I really like it after she showed me .
Therefore , the next day she brought me back to the store , we found out that they did not have the same scruff because it is the only one .
Although I was disappointed that I could not have the same scruff but this is the fun part that shop in small stores , you can always find something unique .
Second , it is true that shop in a shopping center is fast and convenient because one can buy all types of things together .
However , most shopping center provide limited selections and sometimes the price is expensive .
In conclusion , I prefer to shop in a small stores because it is more likely to find the one and the only product while it also provides a sense of treasure hunting .
The changes on television are evident , it could be because the society are changing too .
On television we can see what people consume .
If tv 's programmes are a lot of rubbiss , is because some people prefer those .
So , we have to take care of it .
Maybe , there are a lot of repeats of old programmes , but some of them are still watched for a long number of people .
And sometimes , programmes are so aggressive and gives people bad messages .
On the other hand , there is some channels , which show documentaries and programmes about specific subjects like science , math or history .
And there are musical channels too .
I think there are good tv 's programmes , but people do n't give them the value that they should have .
There are a lot of old programmes , but it is n't a problem .
The television has still something important to show .
I am writing to congratulate on the excellent Dumplings Festival which I attended in Cracovie last November .
I spend a great time with my friends , but I have a few comments concering the organisation .
I was far from impressed by all dumplings which housewives prepared .
In my opinion dumplings with spinach tasted great .
I am impressed a cabaret who performed during the festival .
Them jokes were very funny .
However , there are a couple of small sugestions .
First of all , the vanue itself was very crowded and parking almost impossible to find .
It could be a good idea to find a large location .
I saw a parents with children but kids did not have many attractions .
I would like to suggest fire special animators wgo will entertain kids .
In addiction tickets were too expensive .
you should think about reducing proces or prepare special discount for xample for students .
Once again please accept my compliments on a job well done I hope you find my suggestions helpful and I look forward toa n even more successful event next year .
Yours faitfully
These days , the use of technology is increasing , especially robots .
According to Russell and Norwing robots are especial machines that have intelligence to executed activities on their own or by command ( as cited in Chijindu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
They represent an innovation that has changed the world in distinct ways and have implanted in different areas of society ; for example in security , health , army forces , education , industries and agriculture .
Consequently , positive and negative social impacts can be observed by the population .
More accurate surgeries , emotional bond and increase of communication are examples of positive consequences .
Negative impacts such as the human dependence on robots for doing basic activities and pollution of environment can be cited .
This essay will describe the positives and negatives social consequences of the robots , and possible implications in the future .
Each day , the environment suffers different problems caused by the global warming and human are the unique guilty of this issue .
We need to analyze and investigate the main problems to find solutions which may get better our world .
First of all , transport is the most relevant carbon dioxide 's emitter .
As we know , in all cities a lot of cars are used every day unnecessarily .
Probably , if we used up public transport like bus instead of private , we would reduce the greenhouse effect because of the CO2 produced .
Secondly , the huge amount of litter floating in the rivers and sea 's water destroys the ecosystem and has a high visual impact .
Sometimes , cities get rid of rubbish throwing it to the water .
An easy answer could be building more landfills .
Last , I 'll propose a solution of a common and near problem .
Reusing things that we do n't utilize ( like clothes , furniture … ) and give them a ' second life ' .
I think we must be down to earth and creative to cut down our daily trash 's production .
To sum up , it 's necessary to solve the environmental problems to keep safe our planet , so we had better start resolving closer issues .
If we avoid them , the earth will get worse .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm happy that you wrote me to ask some advice .
Well , to travel there in Brazil , you have to choose some places to go , because here we have a lot of beautiful places to visit and have fun .
To help you , I need to know what do you prefer to do .
If you want to go to the beach , I 'll tell you to visit the Northeast 's beaches because there are the most beautiful beaches in the entire world .
You have to pass some days in Fernando de Noronha .
For these places , the best season is the Summer .
One other place to visit in Summer is the pantanal .
There you will see one of the most beautiful biome that you have seen .
In pantanal the weather ir hot and wet , and we can drive into the river deeper in the wood and see the wild animals like the alligators .
If you want to come here in the Winter , you have to know the South .
There , you will see beaultiful cities with European architecture and you will find nice wine factories .
For work , I advise you came to Sao Paulo .
Here , you 'll find most of kinds of temporary job , like in restaurants , bars , etc .
I hope that I helped you and see you soon .
Chinese , Spanish and Portuguese no one of those languagues are so popular as English is .
Over 1 billion people around the world speak English as a second language because of that it is considered the universal language .
Nowadays , it is an obligation to get a better job .
I will discuss the importance of English as a second language in Brazil .
Even though , study a language become easier because of the internet , fluency is harder to get when you study by yourself .
Brazillians need learn English because it opens doors in business and in higher education .
In Brazil , regular schools teach for students the basic aspects of the language and do not let them emerge in the language .
It can explain a little bit of Brazil 's lack of English speakers .
Learn English as a foregein language will make a huge impact in brazillians ' professional life to get a better position .
To conclude , Brazil has deficiency of English speakers .
The brazillian educational system should be aware to develop more students ' language skills .
Learn English as a second language will help brazillians to get a better job and have more opportunities in their careers .
It is a rich , graceful and delightful language to learn .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
To the national championships in swimming , she was preparing since last summer .
Taking part in it and gaining the best place was her biggest dream .
Especially since the previous national competitions when she suffered a shoulder injury and could not start .
After all , this is a hard work from an early age and on the list of players does not enter by accident .
But the daily duties , which she had as a teenager , and the murderous workouts till midnight , built in her the strong will to fait .
She knew that besides her , the race will be attended by the best girls from all over the country .
Dressed in a swimsuit , she was waiting in front of a swimming pool for the next judges command .
Only a few seconds separated her from the jump to the water .
The judge ordered to take place at the sites .
Anna looked again toward the audience , where her the best fans in the world were sitting - her parents , friends , coach and friends .
They all were keeping their fingers crossed .
She swam so fast , like a former fish , not a human being .
In the water she feels like at home .
Only after a while , after a few quick and short breaths occurred to her that she fulfilled her biggest dream .
Anna won first prize , regained confidence .
It was one of the happiest day of her life .
I would n't like to be a teacher since I do n't like children a lot .
I am not as patient as a teacher has to be with all his students although only some of them are naughty .
Many of my friends are teachers , they like their job despite the fact that they often have to deal with lively children or lazy students and heavy parents .
These people sometimes think of their sons or daughters as innocent angels who spend a lot of their time with inexperienced teachers with no qualifications .
Teaching could be a stimulating working environment for students and teachers if it involved a rewarding career and the improvement of teaching skills .
In this case , teaching would n't be monotonous and with no opportunities or prospects .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to ask you if your school could organize an individual course in English for me .
I study English for two reasons .
First , it is necessary for my job ; second it is my hobby .
I have been studying English for ten years . I make sense of the reading , but I am not good at listening and writing .
My pronunciation is not always correct , as a result I have some problems with listening . I know English economic terminology very well but my everyday English is rather poor .
However , my grammar is not that bad .
I score 56% in my last test .
I would like to sign up for a summer course for three months .
I enjoy visiting museums , travelling in my free time .
I prefer learning on a one - to - one basis , because it is more comfortable for me .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Sincerely ,
Evgenia Ilyina .
dear sir ,
my name is marcos , I would like to apply for the job in the summer camp .
I actually love outdoor activities , I have been practicing rock climbing for nine years now , and start with motocross since 2010 also i consider myself very nice with children and teenagers . when I was a child my father and I used to go camping almost every two weekends , till four years ago , because he is no longer be able to stay out of the city , but he taught me all that i need to know to suvive outthere , so , I really know how to do things in the woods .
Also I am chef , so I can assure you that I will be helpful in the kitchen , I have been cooking for a large amount of people for 7 years in a really big restaurant .
I will committed myself to do the best to make your summer camp one of the best
sincerely
marcos rodriguez
It is said that no future for public transportation . I think it when I was young , but it is changed while I am getting older .
But it is changed recently , I fell down and hurt my knee , so that I can not drive by myself .
Now I need it again .
There are a lot of benefits by developing public transportation .
First , it is more convenient .
Most developed countries developed the public transportation system to low the impact of growing population .
Then , it is cost effective .
Shared cost let the huge expense on developing and building the public system possible .
Finally , it is environmentally .
Public transportation is proved less energy consumption .
I still think the public transportation system will be growing on in such a crowded era .
How long haven't you use public transportation ? do you agree that there is no future for public transport ?
I personally think so , the reasons are as below :
First , As we all know , Cars play a very important role in our life , the more and more cars come into our family .
Also travelling , of course , that 's a big part of the function of the car !
The very well developed highways , roads , city streets provide a good foundation for the cars , look at the North America , the highways were developed anywhere , it 's really your own lose if you do n't drive a car , drive on them(highways )
Second , Human start to learn driving at the age of 16 , and they can master the driving skills very quickly ( within a month or two ) , soon they can drive to wherever they want to go , and we also see people at the age of 80 still drive to their destinations as they got used to it .
so who care to bother taking the public transportation anymore ?
Third , The public transportation sucks , when you think about it , you can picture the crowded subways , dirty buses , and the difficulty / hussults between the public transportation transfer in your mind .
The wasted time also should weight in , whether it is waiting for the trains , or waiting for the delayed buses , not to mention the longer time it takes compared to travelling in a car .
And driving your own car can be very convenient too , it can right come to your own garage .
All in all , Public transport is not as fast as a car can be ; it 's not as convenient as a car can provide , so it 's future is in doubt .
I agree with this statement that being safe is better than feeling sorry .
There are the three following reasons .
Firstly , no one like to be sad .
Life is full of good things why do n't we look to the full side of the cup instead of looking at the empty one ?
Being sad and sorry will destroy your life , because you will not be able to work , eat and live in a good way .
All of this will affect your life badly , maybe you will lose your job or your health will not be good anymore .
Secondly , Eveybody seeks safetiy in their lives .
Look around you , crimes and death are srounding us , all this people are dreaming to live a peaceful life without all the aspects of killing and sadness .
People are fighting as they can to only reach a calm life where everyone of them can be safe .
Thirdly , I lived two years without feeling safe and comfortable .
The war in my country make me feel no longer safe .
For that reason I beleive that being safe is absloutly better than sorry . I will always remember my dad telling me to calm down , saying that the life will go on and oneday all of us will be satsfied with this life .
In conclusin , I think that all of us should see through rose -tinted glasses and be happy , because you live a calm life without anything makes you sorry .
Be someone famous for a day
If I could change places for 24 hours with a famous person , I would like to be Paula Echevarria
I start telling something about Paula Echevarria , she is a very pretty and famous actress , she also writes in a fashion blong , she is 34 years old and she is married with David Bustamente who is a popular and hadmesome singer in Spain , they have a daughTer , her name is Daniela and they are like a perfect family .
I have chosen Paula because she is popular , famous , rich and she has the perfect husband but above all I choose her because she is friendly , intelligent and she is always smiling .
Therefore she has everything good aobut being a celebrity but the most important is that she is a great person .
Let me conclude by saying that I would like to be Paula for one day because Not only is she a good professional but also a wonderful role model to be followed by everyone .
I would like to talk about my hobby of breeding birds , this hobby is very pleasant to me and also for many people , especially when you have different kind of singing birds like canary or finches … .
This hobby give me pleasure and good sense of nature , especially when I wake up with the sound of the singing birds in my house .
At present , I have three kinds of birds , one of them is yellow canary , the second one is finch , and the third one is combination of two kinds of birds , Each bird has his own special voice .
I 've started this hobby since 2007 , and since then I have tried to have many different kinds of the singing birds , I spent one day in the week to take care of them , feeding them , cleaning the cages , change the water .
I would like to recommend this hobby to many people , because it give us the sense of nature , and fills the house with the joy and happiness .
By increasing the veriety of cars with new technolgy , people 's demand hasnt ' stop .
But are these new comers will be placed by public transport ?
As technology enhanced the life system in any way possible , people become more dependent and ca n't avoid it beacuse of many different attractions that these cars have .
Another reason for using their own car is that easy access in a second .
Furthure more , there are advantages travelling by a car , like seeing the scenery and also the costs is less in compare to plane .
But it 's not possible that every one have and use their own car .
In this case there will be a huge chaos .
Trafic jam will cost a lot , such as pollution which certainly cause more health problems and will make expense not only for us but for the others as well .
The solution is public transport again , which enhance the pace of life and make easy accsess by subways and special roads .
On the other hand , by increasing the population we should revise the regulation with the fast pace of technology .
To sum up , as thought the cars are too covenient to some extend , but the cost will reduce the benefit .
So for sure we will use public transport but maybe with some changes .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in response to your advertisment for the job in USA summer camps .
I am interested in applying for this position .
I am 25 years old and have just finished the university as a sport teacher .
I think I am suitable for this position because I am hardworking and energetic .
I also have the proficiency ( CPE ) degree and I have been to the USA several times so my English knowledge is good .
Furtheremore during my studies at University I have worked in 2 projects based on sports activities for children aged 7 - 13 , organising them .
Except from that I am getting well with children and have no problems to work in the kitchens to .
This job would give me the opportunity to pactise my skills and get more experience with children as well .
I am free for the job from the 20 of May until the 15 of September .
I am available for an interview every day from 3 to 7 p.m.
I am looking forward to hear from you .
Your sincerely ,
Aris Drechsler
Speaking English is becoming essential for students and workers .
For this reason , school of English are opening in all the big cities as well in most towns .
Studying English in your country let you continue working or studying without change your habits .
Anyway , it must be taken into account that English courses are often very expensive , and you have to study in a constant way to improve class by class .
In fact , usually there is just one class per week , and it is not enough without studying by itself during the week .
Studying English abroad is the better alternative , but it have advantages and disadvantages .
On one hand , living abroad will be probably non cheap , so it could be needed to find a job , but it would be at the same time an advantage : working with English people would help you improve quickly your speaking and listening .
On the other hand , living abroad you 'll need to speak English all the time and you 'll have the opportunity to learn English in a short time , and in a not boring way .
So probably , if you have the opportunity to stay abroad several months , you should do it , to learn English and live a different experience .
TIPS FOR TOURISTS
The aim of this report is to give some advice to all of you who like shopping .
In order to improve the time you spend on it we will recommend you to star in one of ours malls where you can find at your disposal several facilities , from the most fashionable shop to the most traditional .
First of all , coming to a mall will help you to deal with them , also , we have to rate positively the wide range of services you can find here : restaurants , coffee shops and some free areas to spare .
Another advantage is that you will find most of the shops you can find in the city centre but you wo n't get lost while you search them .
For all of you who have kids you will also be interested in the different areas which take care of them for free as much time as you need .
I would strongly recommend this at the nap time to allow them to relax , otherwise you will have to leave sooner than you expected .
In conclusion , you will save , time , money and a foot ache so accept my advice and try to enjoy the rest of the time of the city .
I am going to write about a short story that I have read from the book : And all for love .
title : The kimono .
Written By Herbert Ernes Bates .
There are two main characters .
The plot is about a man , Arthur , twenty - five yeras old , engaged to a nice girl .
Arthur went to London to an appointment for a job interview .
The company requested him to go back three days later , so he was looking for a hotel that someone had recomemded him .
He got lost and asked about the hotel in a cafe owned by Blanche , a beautiful girl .
He was delighted with her and fell in love immediately .
This changed his life forever .
He Forgot his engagement and went to live with Blanche .
But all was not as wonderful as the expected .
twenty - five years later he regrets his decision and wonders what would have happened if he had not met Blanche .
I chose this story because even though this novel was written in the early twentieth century , the underlying theme , is still current today .
And also I would like to highlight that reflects the importance of every decision we make and how it can change our future .
" Atacama 33 "
" Atacama 33 " is a recent American movie that tells the real story of a group of miners that keep trapped in a mine 700 metres underground in Chile for two months .
This group had a leader called Mario Casas starring Antonio Banderas .
The film is well - developed and shows the audience every little issue and difficulty that miners had to go through .
However the first 17 days in the movie could turn a bit tedious because the director focused in every single feeling of the trapped men and their families .
After that lapse the rescuers found the place where the miners were hiding and the moment for rescue them started .
The characters were perfect as soon as they were people from Chile and Bolivia that were involve with the real accident .
Antonio Banderas made an excellent work acting as a desperate leader committed with the local people .
Despite some details , I think you ca n't miss this film if you want to know the truth of the recent miracle called " the Chilean miners " .
It is universaly known that shopping is not always enjoyable .
However , other people think in the opposite direction .
I agree that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Everyone know that shopping is a good way to spend time and get positive emotions or just relax .
Even though shopping can make bad affect on our health especially we can feel tired or exhausted in the end of hard day .
At the same time there are one more opinion that shopping is always enjoyable .
People declare that shopping can make our mood better what in consequence will make as fun .
As for me I do n't agree with these people .
Quite often in the shopping centre is not enough air and as the result you can get a headache or just feel bored .
In conclusion I would like to say that there are different views about shopping and it 's not surprise because we are all different .
Do we need the internet to enjoy life to the full ?
Internet has been developed a lot for the last years , and we can use easily for doing any tasks .
But it is a good invention for the world ?
To answer these questions we have to analyze giving some positive and negative arguments .
On the positive side , the use of internet helps us to find easily and quickly a lot of information that talk about all the topics .
What is more , we can only have to press one computer key to find what we are searching .
For this reason the most people have Internet at home .
On the negative side , the use of Internet can be a waste of time in our lives ; this happens because although search is faster , we can distract looking at other things on account of the attractive of the Internet .
Following the above argument , this is the danger of spend hours and hours surfing the web and not being in real world enjoying the live .
To sum up , the Internet is a good and efficient instrument if we know the correct use of it .
If not , it could be a waste of time that can produce the opposite meaning of enjoying the life .
Nowadays it is very frequent to meet new person coming from abroad who speak different languages and speak about their home countries .
This makes us curios to learn more about foreign countries and their cultures .
But to learn new cultures we must know their languages , especially if we want to travel .
Due to globalization there are more and more multinational companies that require employees who can speak at least fluent English but if a candidate knows more languages he can have more career chances and achieve top level positions .
In my opinion it is very important to speak several languages not only for above reasons but also to train brain , to have the opportunity to find a job abroad and , why not ?
, To have more fun with friends whom we now in our summer holidays abroad .
Unfortunately it is very difficult to learn foreign languages when we are adult so it is extremely important to teach and to study them since kindergarten age .
The doorbell rang insistetly , It was Saturday , in the earlier morning and I still was in bed .
The last low sound of the doorbell finished to wake me up."I am not dreaming " I thought , ¿ Who is ringing at this time?Then I jumped out of the bed and went down fast the upstairs .
I still was in pyjama , so I did n't open the door fast .
First I asked " ¿ Who is ringing so early?¿What 's happen?Suddenly , a family voice shouted me throughout the door .
You do n't think opening the door at your little brother¡Oh brother!I shouted and I ran to open de door .
What are you doing here ?
and He held me strongely .
What amazing surprise!I was very emocional and was about to cry .
But You were in Ireland , What are you doing here?I wo n't expect you .
I would want to do a surprise sister!I miss you .
I am so far from home .
It is sometimes very hard for me .
Oh I miss you too and I was looking forward to you .
I'm very excited because of you are here .
We are finally together .
It 's for three months since I was in Ireland visiting you .
I hope you are a lot of time now with me .
Yes .
I 'm going to stay one week .
I'm on holiday school .
Dear Jane ,
Thanks for your letter , it was so nice to hear from you !
How are you ?
I believe it is amazing the project that you are doing .
In answer to your question about the use of internet beyoung people of our age , I think it is very helpful to get information easier and quiker .
Although , it plays a freat role in removing the borders on nations , in a matter of seconds we can now communicate with people around the world , whether for important business matters or just talking to a friend .
Nowadays , the Internet is very useful , it has many ways of helping people such us with their homework , using Google , or entertainment websites like Youtube , emails websits such as Hotmail , and the number one social network site , Facebook .
Evidently , we can not imagine how much time we spend online , because we are the whold day connecting , in our houses , moviel phones and computers at work .
If there is anything else you want to know , drop me a line anytime .
Love ,
Stefania
My favourite way to travel is by train because I love watching scenery through the windows .
I think it is a bohemian trip too because the train use to be one of the most appreciated means of transport in the literacy .
When you take a train , you can read and feel like Phileas Fogg in " Around the world in 80 days " .
I feel better when I travel over ground because I have fear of heights .
Although experts say the plane is the safest means of transport , I continue thinking It is very dangerous .
Probably , I 'm afraid of planes because the media use to show plane accidents more often .
The boat is a very beautiful way to travel , but I 'm sure when I travel by boat in the future , I 'll feel anxiety because I 'll be surrounded by water .
In conclusion , my main problem is the concern about how safe is the means of transport that I take , so , the train let me to be more relaxed than other ways to travel .
Volleyball is a complete sport where you can exercise all your muscles .
It 's a sport where two teams play on a court , which is separated for a central net .
The players have got a ball which has to cross at the other side .
Each team has got a limited number of taps to return the ball .
The ball , usually is hit with hands and arms , but also with any part of body .
A feature of the volleyball is that the players have to rotate their positions while they are getting points .
In fact , I enjoy playing volleyball because it is a fun sport which you can practise with a lot of people , eleven people concretely .
I suggest at the new players of volleyball that they have to start step to step .
It 's a sport that looks like easy , but you can injure easily .
Put comfortable clothes and suitable shoes .
Young people may confront some health issues , making bad choices , like for drugs and alcohol and also a negative body image , including crash dieting , eating disorders and obesity .
Nowadays they have to work through a lot of issues while they are in their adolescence , they begin to have lack of self - esteem , depression , social pressure , and all this can cause a lot of problems .
I 'm going to write about the obesity , a lot of people do n't eat correctly , they consume a lot of junk food and this cause effects in their health .
They have to realice that if they continue eating that way and not doing any exercise they are more likely to have differents diseases .
Maybe a lot of people that are fat do n't have the time to do exercise , or they have other reasons , but that is not an excuse , they have to have the habit of eat healthy food .
Another problem is like the junk food is really cheap , even cheaper that the healthy food , and people prefer to buy something cheaper and that 's a big problem .
They need to create a new lifestyle habit to reduce the obesity and have a better body image , they should have a healthy eating , and physical activity .
All this to be in your perfect healthy body .
I went to a workshop about the light controlled synthesizer .
To get to the place they were holding the workshop in you had to come to the Chester Beatty library and then the guides arrived and led you to it .
On the way there everyone who participated in the workshop stopped to buy some snacks .
We were told to choose biscuits and the guides paid for us .
When we reached the workshop the kids and I were told to put on protective glasses and given booklets with the instructions .
We were taught how to solder two wires together and how to solder a wire to a vero board .
We were instructed to make a badge that flashed different coloured light by using solder to attach the led and battery hatch to the badge .
Then we had to follow the instructions in the booklet to make the synthesizer .
At first I was quite confused but then one of the instructors came and helped me out .
After that we had a snack and then went on to assemble all the parts together .
We put them in metal boxes and turned them on .
Each synthesizer emitted a loud noise .
When the light sensor is in the shade , the synthesizer emitts a lower pitch , and when the sensor is exposed to light the synthesizer 's pitch raises .
I worked as an Advocate ( Solicitor ) for a period more than four years and from those jobs I gained lots of experiences about minute taking , dealing with clients , arranging meetings and handling cases .
I am a proficient user of Microsoft office packages .
In my first placement I had to deal with lots of cases relating to violation of children rights .
I worked voluntarily for some cases about Juvenile justice like ( speedy disposal of cases , abuse of their rights while they were under custody , custodial death etc . )
I worked on a project about how education the fundamental rights for children under 14 years of age is denied in some community .
This job is related to subject of my interest .
I my second placement I had to perform lots of administrative work including typing .
I had to work as a liase with clients as well as the company officials ( since Shriram Law Consultants is a part of Shriram Group of Companies ) .
The article and the lecture are about the attitude towards taking medical experiments on animals .
The author claims that the main aim of the scientists is to reduce human suffering even if it demands research conducted on animals .
The lecturer opposes this idea , as , in her point of view , medical experiments on animals are not to be taken .
Firstly , the author informs us about impossibility to discover new types of drugs .
The lecturer answers back , saying that different types of medicine have different impact on different species .
Secondly , the author suggests that it is impossible to replace experiments on animals with anything else .
The lecturer disagrees with that point of view , because it is possible to introduce computer substitution or do research on tissues .
Thirdly , the author considers such tests to keep animal suffering to a minimum .
The lecturer argues that as a biologist she used to see animals suffering without appropriate amount of anesthesia .
The topic of the two passages is about future use of hydrogen based fuel - cell engine .
The article states that the most efficient substituer of internal - combustion engines will be fuel - cell engines , because of their several advantages , while the lecture refutes this point by stating hydrogen does not have so many advantages .
First of all , the reading passage says that internal - combustion engine relies on petroleum , which will be depleted soon , but hydrogen will not deplete easily .
The professor contends this point by explaining that hydrogen is , in fact , not easily found .
She adds that it is not directly usable , because hydrogen should be obtained in pure liquid state , which technologically is very hard to be kept under -200 degrees celsius .
Secondly , the article states that this hydrogen use will solve pollution problems , inasmuch as it does not use carbon dioxide , but water .
The professor contradicts the idea by saying that will not solve the pollution problem , because it requires to be purified in order to be used .
She explains that in the process of purefication , a big amount of coal and oil is burned , which pollutes factories rather than the environment .
Finally , the article says that the use of hydrogen is highly economic , because it requires only half of the energy of internal - combustion powered cars .
The professor says that the claims in untrue , because the material , from which the cells are produced , is very expensive .
She explains platinum is very hard to find and without this metal it is impossible to produce hydrogen .
An Unexpected Success
I am a fairly calm person and I am interested in reading every kind of books therefore I have a quiet life .
Last Spring , however , something happened which surprised everybody , especially me .
My little sister wanted to learn to play the piano so she joined a music school which organised a concert performance at the end of the course .
I went with her and I waited for her the whole lesson .
It means that after some months I was able to read the sheet music .
But a few months before the play , disaster occurred !
My sister had fallen down her bike and hurt her wrist .
Unfortunately , she could no longer play .
The teacher said to me ' Could you play in the place of your sister ?
You are able to read the sheet music and I think you will learn to play the piano in a while . '
I was absolutely terrify as I had to show .
However , the teacher persuaded me to try to play the piano .
Only then did I realise that I was keen on playing .
As a result I spent the time playing the piano until I felt far more confident .
The day of the concert I was so nervous that I could n't stop walking .
But when I started , I relaxed and felt like I was the only person in the theatre .
At the end of the play , everybody applauded , never felt I so well .
I am going to play definitely the piano for a long time .
A person who I admire
One of the person who I admire is Martin Luther King .
He was a pastor of Bautist Church and he fought against the dicrimination of black people in the Unated States in the 60 's .
He founded the movement for the civil rights and to free a black people to the racial segragation and equality .
He participated a lot of times on the meeting , like a leader , he went against the law for several times .
He had decided not use the violence in this kind of movements , because he was concentrated about fought against the Vietnam War and poverty .
The other reason for Martin Luther King was the right to vote for the afroamerican people .
One of his most famous speeches was " I have a dream " , where he discrives the equality of the society beetwing waith and black people , where all people can live together .
He was murder in 1968 , in Menphys , he was 39 years old .
Report on shopping facilities in my town :
Introduction :
The aim of this report is to assess the most interesting shops for tourists and make some suggestions .
Shopping facilities :
Most people are satisfied with shops in my town in spite of being quite small .
However , the relation between quality and price of the products are believed to be the most essential points to visit Cáceres .
In general , shops are condensed in a specific zone so that tourists can find what they are interested in very easily .
Suggestions :
In general , tourists think shops should be opened during middayas they are foreigners and like to buy things after watching sights around the city .
It is thought that the best shops in Cáceres are found in the ancient town as it has a medieval charming which involves visitors in that moment of the time .
Conclusion and recommendations :
Overall , the majority of the tourists prefer to buy typical products from the region and besides it is very enjoyable to taste a meal in San Juan Square while people walk around to see the main clothes shops situated in the main street before to go to the heritage town .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm glad to read you and I wish you to come to Russia for you holidays .
You know that Russia is a big country and there are a lot of places to visit .
In our country there are few different climate zones with very rich nature , various cities with old and prominent history and culture .
I 'm pretty sure that your journey to Russia will be a very good and interesting experience .
First of all , you can come to Moscow .
As you know , Moscow is the capital of the Russian Federation , it 's a very fast , energetic city with lots of things to do and to see .
In the city there are a lot of museums and art galleries , theaters and clubs , few parks which priveds different events like open - air concerts or public muster - classes .
Of course , you must visit Red Square , the Kremlin and Saint Basil 's Cathedral .
I strongly recommend you to book on - line tickets to Big Theater and visit it 's opera or ballet .
You know the Big Theater is one of the oldest in Russia with very rich traditions of ballet school .
Maybe you remember the famous Diagelev 's seasons which were popular in Europe in the beginning of the 20th century .
Nowadays artists of the Theater try to keep that old school and develop their mastery .
In addition , few years ago the Big Theater was restored and had gained it 's original appearance .
There is no necessity to describe all sightseeing in Moscow , you easily can find it in the Internet , I just want to say that I 'm sure , you 'll like it a lot .
After Moscow you can visit town of the Gold Ring .
It 's a range of the oldest Russian cities which were centers of the principalities during the ancient period of Russian history .
Here you can feel the spirit of antiquity and the huge contrast between Moscow and provincial Russia .
You will understand that people here and there are very different and styles of their lives are dissimilar .
Hello my friend
You know last week Alex and I went to my favorite band concert , it was really fun , the whole band line up played about an hour and a half , it seemed to me like just a few minutes .
They played all the greatest hits from the 80 's and some other songs from their new album .
People were really excited about the show they just has three attire changes but the show was amazing , the lights and the sound was fantastic .
I could n't wait to listen to my favorite song until they played it , it was the best experience ever , I wish you could be there to see that .
Hope you have the chance to see each other next month .
Wtite soon
Regards .
Terry
DEAR MARY ,
NICE TO HEAR FROM YOU AGAIN .
IT 'S BEEN SO A LONG TIME SINCE WE WROTE TO EACH OTHER .
HOW ARE YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ?
MY FAMILY IS VERY HAPPY TO MEET YOU !
I'M GOING TO GIVE YOU SOME INFORMATION ABOUT PUBLIC TRANSPORT IN NAPLES AND I HOPE THEY'LL BE USEFUL .
I DON'T RECOMMEND YOU GETTING A TAXI BECAUSE IT 'S TOO EXPENSIVE .
I THINK THAT THE EASIEST METHOD OF TRANSPORT FOR YOU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEAR THE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SQUARE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THAT YOU HAVE TO CATCH AND YOU HAVE TO GET OFF IN CHIAIANO STATION . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STATION SO WE WILL TAKE A WALK UNTIL MY HOME .
ABOUT THE WEATHER I CAN SAY THAT NOW IS STILL HOT , BUT NEXT MONTH WILL BE COLDER , SO I SUGGEST THAT YOU SHOULD PUT SOME SWEATERS IN YOUR LUGGAGE , AND ALSO SOME HIGH HILLS BECAUSE WE'LL GO TO THE DISCO !
ALL THE BEST ,
SILVIA
Some people claim that universities and colleges should not spend a great deal of money on sports and social activities , as their budgets should prioritize classes and libraries .
However , as educational institutions , universities and colleges have an obligation to provide a wide range of knowledge to their students to help them develop academically and socially .
let us look at an example for a univesity student .
The student had a great deal of assighment and projects , so he spent more time to access the libabry , becoming more ambition to study books and using a computer to search latest information .
Sometimes he felt tired to do papers , going the gym to play basketball .
Therefore , not only did he get high score in the reports that absorbinge a great deal of knowledge at the libabry , but reduce the study stress and maintain healthy in the gym .
I had a similar experience .
when I studied in the university , I sit in the classes hour by hour in a day .
When I finished classes , I would like to access the health center not only to do exercises , but I could maintain healthy .
University , I also have a lot of assighments , so I like to go to libabry to study where is more quietly , spacious and internet accessible .
That 's why I like to go to school in terms of good facilities and widespread information to facilitate me to be a successful person .
Sports and social activities can greatly improve my efficiency .
In addition , my academics education also stand out in my student life .
For these reasons , I maintain that universities and colleges should spend enough money on academic education and social movements to prepare students for their future development .
Academic education will always be at the heart of a university .
In universities , sports and social activities should by no means take the place of a focus on academic study .
I believe that universities and colleges should spend adequate budget on academics as well as sports and social activities .
Teenagers usually do n't know what to study because they feel confused .
It is a great life stage but at the same time is difficult , sometimes teenagers have problems with their families , with themselves , as a result they do n't know whah to choose .
Many times when people leave high school and they go to University , they realised after several months that the career they had chosen it is not for them .
In the other hand when teenagers take a year off is helpful for them to become mature .
You can work , travel , going to an exchange study , rest and do something that you are interested .
A lot of people think is a waste of time , but that is not true .
When students enter University after they have taken a year off fewer people leave the career after several months because they know themselves better .
I 'm interesting in doing a course in your school .
I 've been studying English for eight years and now I want to improve my English level because I need it in my job .
I have an intermediate level and I 'd like to speak English better because my pronunciation is n't very well .
My grammar and writing are good but as I 've said early my pronunciation is awful .
I 'm available to start the course immediately and I want both an eight - week intensive course and an one - month summer course in August , when I 'll be on holiday and besides I 'd like to learning in small groups because the teacher can focus on his pupils better .
In my spare time I like reading English books and going to the shopping with my mother .
Twenty years ago , no one would think of the inventions of Ipad or smarthphone and how they could change our lives , but today , these items have become the necessities of our daily lives ; nowadays , many people just got into the habit of carrying their smartphones no matter where they go .
Advent of science , whether it is in the scientific research or in the designs of consumer products , has changed our lives and will definitely keep changing our lives in the future .
Ipad , smartphone , genetic food engineering , all of them have one thing in common -they changed our lives dramatically .
Take genetic engineering as an example , on the one hand , it helps farmers to produce more corps and meats , on the other , it makes people believe that scientists can help in finding more efficient ways in producing more corps and poultry in the future , resulting in an unprecedent increase in human population , which brings pollution to the environment .
To cope with the problems of over - population and pollution , people need to dramatically change their lives in the next 50 years : they may , among other things , face tight birth control and environmental protection measures imposed by the government .
It is sad to say that the future generations have no choice but have to adapt to the changes in order to survive .
Dear mr , ms
My name is Stelios I am a 15 year old kid and am sending this letter to apply for the job at USA SUMMER CAMPS.I believe that I am suitable for the job and I hope that you 'll agree .
To begin with , I am a fluent speaker of English . I've worked in a noumerous camps the previous summer .
As a result , I could be very helpful in oranising sports and activities but I could also provide assistance in other places including kitchen .
Furthermore , I am cheerful , energetic , and I am doing well with kids .
To conclude I believe that I am ideal for the job and I would love to work with the USA SUMMER CAMPS so the kids who go there can have their best summer holiday .
yours sincerely ,
Stelios Metaxas
I watched the film one month ago and it has really impressive and engrossing effects .
The film tells about a movie shooting and adventures of filming team which is in Bolivia .
They try to make a film which explains how Christoph Colomb conquered to America and mention about what Colomb 's aims were .
They come across with some problems while they are shooting the film and this supply quite a few strong highlights .
The both of them are imperialism and poverty .
Actually , they want to describe the history of discovery and conquest by a critical perspective but while shooting the film , appear some protests against the privatization of water and the team fall into a chaos and then film starting to give some social , politic messages .
The messages are very important which effect me .
The private companies try to keep public 's all water which is vital to live , rain is in danger ; Even the rain …
The crucial point is transformations and exprerienced contradictions of the characters .
In our imperialist and capitalist World , we need more films or arthistic influences which mention the problems about our life and realities .
I do n't think that there is no future for public transport and I agree that travelling by car is much more convenient .
If the government provide good transport infrastructure like modern and comfort buses , traffic free Metro lines then people would rather to use public transport than travelling by car .
Now a days worlds are facing the big issues like climate change and carbon emission .
Government should promote the good mode of transport in order to reduce carbon emission and people would be encouraging to go green .
Many times because of huge traffic congestion on road we waste our time . while using public transport like Metro save our times .
There are many city in world , planning to car free days and promote to use of public transport .
Department stores are found in all big cities .
There you can find almost everything you want .
In this fast - moving world , shopping is the one of the most important things but I strongly believed it is not always enjoyable .
First , shopping complexes are full of branches of big chain - stores , so this can be boring to walk through them for a long time .
Second , if you ca n't control your shopping habits , you will buy more and more things you do n't need , so that you can have a problem with your budget .
In my opinion there is the reason that shopping is not always enjoyable and full of pleasure .
CONTRIBUTION TO A LONGER PIECE
I always love writing .
I have always loved reading .
You never know what you are going to find when you are reading ( or writing ) and less if you are doing it on the Internet .
There are such an interesting websites and blogs where you can find out something very useful that you would have never expected or unsurprisingly , missinformation .
WHY BLOGS APPEAL TO BOTH READERS AND WRITERS
Many people will find blogs and websites useful in order to meet new people .
We now that making social contacts can be sometimes a problem for a wide range of people , who sometimes find it a lonely and dauting experience .
However , on the internet you can find not only meeting points but practical and very thought - provoking articles in blogs .
In my experience , being under the screen of a personal computer will you be able to show and exchange ideas or opinions easily as if you have to do in front of someone else .
However , both readers and writers not only do it as an altruistic and philantropic way but to get fame and popularity at the same time . Blogs and websites could give them the chance to became famous if they really appeal to a large amount of people and they will abe also available to earn money thanks to the publicity .
Consequently , we should never blind trust in everything we see or read on the Internet .
THE BLOG I FOLLOW
To give an example , I usually follow a blog whose main task is to inform about novelties of new and old series , characters , new seasons and when they will be ready to watch them again .
If they give us reliable information or not , it usually depends on the source .
That 's the point of Internet .
You must n't take everything into account .
To clarify what the situation is , it is truth that not everybody may be interested in blogs or websites but the fact is writing or reading in a blog could give to people a practical way to communicate and share preferencies , beliefs or thoughts , however , more or less reliable .
Peter looked at his whach and knew that he had to do something immediately .
Firstly I want to explain why those words came to Peter 's head .
He was hunting a hot day in summer in the country near Monfrague with Jon , a friend from Madrid .
Jon did n't use to go to the countru , so he did not know how to walk over the stones and he was afraid .
After to drink water form the bottle , he fell over the gress and Peter saw that Jon 's leg was broken .
There was a lot of blood and was then when Peter looked at his whach and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He thought that they must go at the Hospital quickly , so Jon would have a great problem if he lost more blood .
Jon 's face was white and his lips were blue .
Finally Peter ran to the car and went to pick Jon up .
Two hours later they were in the room of urgency of Cáceres Hospital and the doctors were curing Jon ' leg .
If Peter did not had run , perhaps Jon should have die
Dear Volunteer Co - ordinator
My name is Farit .
I 'm writing to you in connection with your volunteer project , whose
description I have found at the http://http://europa.eu / youth/. I would like to know are you
accepting applications at the moment .
Your project is very compelling for me .
I wish I would
take part in it . I could help you with teaching math together with computer programming
in engaging and interesting way . I 'm passionate about math and programming .
I 'm 25 year old male from Russia .
Currently I am working as a python programmer .
Programming language is great choice for teaching kids to program .
It 's easy , beautiful language .
Programming is fun and math concept absorbs much easier through it .
I have bachelor degree in mathematics ( I 'm a math teacher ) and master 's degree in computer science .
Please let me know if you are looking for volunteer and if you are considering
applicants from Russia .
I will be happy to send you my CV and motivation letter .
Looking forward to hearing from you
Thanks in advance
Farit Blokhin
P.S
Would you be so kind as to tell me applying deadlines , program start and end date .
I have a sending organisation " Centre for Youth Studies - Higher School of Economics "
( accreditation number 2014-XT-16 )
Hi , my name is Henry and I would like to apply for the job .
Nowadays I am living in Aberdeen ( Scotland ) but I am from Spain .
There , I studied Geology , when I finished my degree I decided to move to Aberdeen in order to improve my English and travel around Scotland .
I am an adventure Geologist , so I like to know new places and over all the things I love the Nature . I would be happy to visit USA because I have never been there , I think is a too rich country , it is very big , with a lot of people that I was glad to meet them .
I have two little brothers , two nieces and one nephew , so I am around for children and that thing I love it .
My brothers , nieces and nephew are an important part of my life , so I am always playing with them .
I often try to play with the children interesting games , I think the games are a funny way to teach interesting things both children and older people , that is why I invent new methods to introduce the science in the children 's lives .
The favorite game for my brothers is called " coca boom " , with this game I showed them what is the chemistry , we cough a " Coke " and " Mentos " sweets then I put the " Mentos " into the " Coke " and I taught what happens when you mixed two substances .
Also , I think I would be a good person for the job because I like the Nature , I could teach them a lot of things about the Geology , a camp is perfect to introduce at the boys and girls in the stones and minerals .
I would be happy if you considered me in the case there are vacancies .
Hi !
my name is Filip Jönsson , I 'm 13 years old .
I have a sister whose name is Andrea Jönsson , she 's 16 years old .
My parents are divorced ,
my parents name is Susanna and Peder .
I have three dogs , one at my dad and two at my mom .
Their names are Harry , Alice and Bonti .
Bonti is very old she is 13 and she are feeling pretty bad , so I do n't think she will be alive so much more .
Harry and Alice are seven and one years old .
I play basketball on my free time and hanging out with my friend from my old school .
We all have things in common like driving scooter .
We have a lot of fun .
I have moved a lot in my life , as I said before that my parents are divorced and because of that I have moved a lot .
My favorite place on earth is Hawaii .
I will never forget that trip .
On our hotel there was like a water park , it was enormous .
That trip made me a lot of friends , I 'm still holding the contacts with them and this trip was two summers ago .
We all liked it so much so we are thinking going back there sometime .
there was this amazing beach , we could hire paddle boards , snorkel gear , kayaks and other fun water things . and one day my mom and I went out early and hired a kayak and went out on the water and we saw sea turtles .
I had hired a snorkel gear and a water camera , so I took pictures of sea turtle on the bottom .
After a week we went home .
My favorite book is the hungergames .
When I got it I read it five hours in a row .
I like that book so much because it is pretty realistisk and it can happen in real world sometime .
It 's pretty scary of all that happens in the book , all dead bodies and hurt people .
But if you haven't read it I suggest you to read it .
My favorite tv series is called Lost .
I have seen all episodes and I still watching it because it 's so good .
I like it so much because it 's dramatic , action and adventure .
It 's does actually reminding me of my favorite video game , which is called Minecraft you must have heard about it .
Everything is made of blocks and you can build and play with friends .
I have played many sports in my life , like football , golf and tennis .
I have played tennis since I was four years old .
But I played basketball and my tennis at the same time , so I chose basketball , because I think it 's fun .
Visiting museums is essential parts of their travel to new places for many people .
Besides seeing touristic or historical places , and attending open air activities people also want to see museums of the city they visited .
Because museums offer so many interesting and different things differ from other places in the visiting city .
First of all , people visit museums to learn history of the visiting city . We know that museums generally established to expose special and unique belongings which are historically valuable as well as to expose modern belongings .
These old things in the museum give us unique information about the history of the city and its social life .
For example , when you go to Metropolitan museum of art in New York city , you can see lots of historical monuments and items belong to American history and also other countries ' history .
Observing these items you can get idea about the old times of the visiting place .
Secondly , museums are places from where you can learn culture of the visiting city .
Many items in museums has cultural value beside historical value .
For instance art museums include art collections such as paintings from many different artists .
Some of them were made in modern style and some of them in classic .
You can get idea the culture of the city from these paintings .
Third advantage of visiting a museum is that you can have fun visiting a museum .
Beside historic and cultural characters , some museums also can be source of fun including attractive activities .
If you bored to see classic museums you can go to thematic museums such as natural history museum .
There you can see dinasours from old ages .
It can be amazing to see different sprecies of animals which are no more live .
In sum , museums are attractive places for tourist to discover about the city they visited .
By visiting museums we can learn interseting details about the history and culture of that society .
In addition to having lots of information we also can have fun to see interesting things in the museums such as huge dinasours . You may feel incomplete if you do not visit the museum of the new place you travel .
I ca n't agree with a statement that there is no future for public transport .
Today plenty of ecology organisations are trying to raise people 's awareness of the environment defilement .
They say it is caused by burning oil , so the society demands itself to enclose it .
It is often necessary to have a car when living in a small city or village without public transport , and it is understandable .
But while living in a big city , where there are lots of bus stops , tram stops or metro stations is quite incomprehensible that people want to drive their own car and be stuck at a block while rush hours .
As the ecology organisations says , it is better for the environment , and as we decided , it is better for us to save our precious time .
Increasingly people prefer to use public transport rather than to drive a car for these reasons .
It is not true that public transport has no future .
The bigger the city is , the more important public transport is .
And now , when cities are widening , public transport will be more important than ever .
The importance of internet on our lives
The last decades there has been an massive change been in our lives , this is caused by the development of internet .
This had been some positive and negative effects on the possibilities to study and on the social life .
In this essay I will describe some of those effects .
In these days a lot of student are using the internet as a study tool .
The internet allows you to search for information in massive online libraries for research and writing essays .
There are massive online libraries like Science Direct or Google Scholar to find publications of researchers around the world .
The internet is getting important for our study because of the availability of information sources .
The greatest impact of internet on our lives is the use of social media .
Almost everybody have at this moment at least one account on a social media like Facebook or LinkedIn .
The positive effect is that it is possible to be in contact with your friends and family whenever wherever .
One of the downsides you are not able to get away from your bully .
This could drive someone crazy and very miserable .
The greatest impact of internet on our life is the use of social media because you can get in contact with everybody around the clock .
The internet has a lot of consequences on our lives .
It makes it possible to study and do research easier .
Also it gives the possibility to get in contact with family and friends .
There are also negative effects like bullying !
I think we should use internet carefully and keep use it with cautious .
In my life there are too many sports i like to but there is one in particular that i love so much .
It is the football .
when i was born i saw my father watching every day football 's programmes but i did n't understand what it was .
However , overtime i begun to understand how to play and i liked it much more than the past .
In fact when i was sixteen years old i begun to go to the stadium with my friends every sunday .
In italy , football is the most followed sports , specially in my town where played the most important player of the world : Diego Armando Maradona .
He played for my town 's club : Napoli .
He wins two national championships and also an important european competition .
Every day in my town people speak only about football becouse it could give you a lot of emotions .
A football match is something special and you don t see the time that arrive sunday to watch your favourite club s match .
On the other hand , my advice that i give to someone who start this kind of sport is that he must do it with a lot of responsability and sacrifice if he wants to become another Maradona .
Nowadays , most people go by car every day instance of using public transport .
But , is it really necessary ?
Is it the best for the pollution and environment ?
In the morning everyone goes to their job by car but I think that the real reason to do this is that we need to do a lot of things durind the day and with public transport we spend more time than doing the same with our own vehicle .
But , I think that in other cases we take the car without any reason , it 's only a bad habit and maybe we could be changed it to improve our health ( going on foot or taking the bike for example ) and also we will help to the environment and the pollution .
For example , I 'm a commuter and also I need my car to pick up my daughter from the school in the afternoons . I live in a bustling city , I do n't like the traffic then when I get away from the hustle and bustle of the city I usually go to my village .
The car in my quiet village is not necessary and I feel really happy there .
Hello guys , my name is Matteo Davide and I love lot of things in my life , but the most important is one : play tennis .
I play this game four times a week in a really beautiful centre which is called ' Rai ' .
There are around ten tennis courts , one swimming pool , two football pitches and three gyms .
In my opinion tennis is the best sport because I 'm an individualist , so I prefer individually sport , because in these kind of game everything depends from you .
In others sports no .
For example during a foorball match if you wrong is n't too important because you have a team which can remedy , evin if ypu do nothing .
An other reason for loving this sport is that having a racket in hands , for me , is beautiful .
If you want start playing this sport remember that when you are playing every points are important and you must n't relax during the match , even if you are winning with a very big advantage because in a few minutes you could lose the match .
I hope this sport will have more importance in Italy in the future .
Dear Chairman ,
I am writing to you to raise an important issue concerning school library .
I look forward to understanding and I hope we will reach a consensus .
First of all , it is very important to me to determine the basic problem of our school .
For many years we , pupils , have been waiting for library .
Yet , it has still not been built .
Together with an unofficial Student council create a petition which is to raise the issue among teaching council .
Our priority is good preparation for secondary school certificate .
For this purpose we need a quiet place to learn .
Moreover pupils demand is the possibility to borrow books .
It is the most important matter , because most of us is not able to buy highly educational books .
They are simply too expensive .
Our request boils down to the fundamental role of education .
It is broadening the horizons of our knowledge .
Besides issues that have been already mentioned there is also undisputed fact that if our school had a rich computerized library , it would be more representative .
Given the rationality of the above arguments , we , pupils , expect a positive consideration to our request .
Respectfully yours ,
Piotr Dudek .
Our live has changed a lot from the last century due to the technological improvements and society changes .
But how will change the people 's life in 50 years ? .
This is a difficult question to be answered too quickly because we have to take into account that we have not enough knowledge at all to do it .
That 's why we have to describe some important ideas related to this topic .
First of all , as we said before the people 's lives have changed due two important elements which are the technological improvements and society changes .
The first one it is very obvious because every day the researchers are discovering new things and improving the scientific knowledge that allows us to create new invents and improve the old ones .
For example , one of the most important devices that has taken an important role in our lives is the mobile phone which has changed extremely fast over the last ten years .
Another example is the cars which are taking the same way as well as the mobile phone has done .
The second one is very important too because society has changed a lot as well as the people 's mind .
For instance , one hundred years ago was impossible to see a woman working and carrying on economically the whole family alone or studying a degree in the university , things that today are very usual and well accepted in our society .
In addition , there are other conditions and facts that has helped to change the people 's lives such as political decisions , global wars and global economical problems , etc .
To sum up , there are many issues that affects people 's lives and we do not know how it would change in the future , but we are sure that in 50 years from now it would be an important change as well as it happened these last 50 years ago .
Dear Mr Bond ,
I am writing to You in connection with Your request for information on an interesting building or place to visit in Katowice .
At first I would like to tell you that Katowice is a wonderful city , full of great places to see .
The most interesting is the art gallery Oko Miasta , which is located in the city centrr .
It is a very distinctive place because of its magnitude , its outsite look and its atmosphere .
What 's more , in the middle of the biulding there is a small library where people used to buy the newest books and papers .
It is a good place for everyone who wants to get some Polish literature .
Furthermore , in the biulding of the art gallery there is a club Oko .
Not only it is the popular place among young Polish citizens , but also it is very extraodrinary : people can walk the red carpet and drink the most famous drinks .
In my opinion art gallery Oko Miasta would be the best place You can visit with your group .
I recommended it because it is the best place for young people .
I hope my help was useful .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
XYZ
Hit and run
Do you like adventure sports ?
Or do you prefer the relaxed ones ?
If you have said yes , grass hockey is for you .
Grass hockey is a popular sport practiced among people of all ages and it 's more played in countries like Britain , Argentina or German rather than Spain or Italy .
This sport consist of beating the rival by scoring as many goals as possible .
In order to score you should push a small white plastic ball inside the goal using a stick .
In my opinion grass hockey is the best sport you can play as it requieres you to be really focused on to hit the ball correctly .
Besides , when you practise it you must move all your body , because you have to run and guide the ball through the field .
So now , if you 're thinking hockey is for you I recommend you to buy a pair or good grass boots .
And do n't worry if you are not able with sports that involve using a tool you can always be the goal keeper in your team .
It was the usual Friday afternoon .
Michael was home alone , spending time in front of the TV , watching his favourite movie .
While he was lost in the action , a strange and unexpected sound came from his sister 's bedroom .
He continued watching the movie , thinking it must be nothing .
Then there it was again , the sound .
" Hello , is someone there ? " , Michael asked .
Suddenly , a loud bang .
Michael reached for his baseball bat , ready to look into what was going on .
He tiptoed to his sister 's room , knocked silently , hoping there was no answer .
And there was n't .
" Okay , I think it 's time I go in " .
He slowly opened the door , and a cat jumped right in front of him . "
A cat ?
All this was caused by a cat ?
My sister should definitely close her windows , I am going out of this house , I should leave this cat here and let it ruin her things " .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Destination : Disney .
Do you imagine travelling to the United States ?
Have you ever gone to a place designated only for having fun ?
Disney is the dream of a lot of people in the world , many of them have said that it is a magic and awesome experience .
Firstly , Disney is not a common destination like beaches or mountains , it is a place that requireds a different means of transport since it is in a long distance .
The vacatios starts when the plane takes off and nerves and happiness blend creating an experience you will never forget .
When the plane arrives at the airport of Miami you can appreciate the beautiful viwe that thid place offers .
Secondly , The entrance of Disney is incredible and colorful , it also has the main characters in it .
Disney has such a lot of amusement parks whose makes this place fantastic .
Each of one has a different topic and amazing coasters perfect to adolecents .
Although this place offers a very good service to eat , you can bring your own food .
To conclude , Disney has so many facilities that it is impossible to get bord , you can relax in your hotel and have an unforgettable moment in the roller coasters
I do n't agree with the statement .
I think that public traffic will be more used in the future .
Indeed , it is true that travelling by car is much more convenient .
But cars need petrol .
Fossil resources are about to run out .
We have to therefore choose the other alternatives .
For the sake of that the public transport will be improved , instead of being replaced by cars .
On the other hand , more electric cars are produced every year .
This technology will be improved furthermore in the future .
This fact could keep the share of cars .
For the above reasons I suspect that the share of public transport do n't decrease rather increase in the future .
The share of cars could remain because of the electric cars .
But the form of using cars could change .
For example car sharing could increase in the city .
I 'm not addicted to films what so ever , but I prefer to watch the ones that are said to be good and stand out from the others .
Besides that , if I had to choose a type of film I would say , the comedian and the action ones are the most appealing to me if they have a real dramatic and coherent story instead of a fictitious and meaningless one .
Recently I saw some pretty good films called " The Wolf of Wall Street " and " Capitan Philips " , films that caught my attention since the first minute .
Honestly , they lasted for 3 hours but the most impressive of all this is that they were able to create a single world between me and the screen for all that time .
They really caught my attention , they had all the characteristics that I consider the basic ones in a film , not couting with the astonishing actors that made an impressive performance .
All I expect in a film is the way they establish connections between the actors and the audience , in a way that allows them to play with the characters like if they were puppets and to create a coherent and attractive film .
Dear , Sir / Madam
I am writing this letter regarding the announcement in the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I understand that you required for peoples have good English , energetic , cheerful and hardworking , who that are able to look after children among 8 and 12 , help organise sports and evening activities as work in the kitchen .
I have previous experience working with " ADRENALINE SUMMER CAMPS " coaching children how to play football for a football championship within the summer camps also organized other activities such climbing , running , competitions , expedition and other movement .
Moreover , help in the kitchen to prepare fresh food for children .
During the time I spent coaching , organizing and helping in the kitchen , I learn that the most important thing is to keep a positive attitude and always motivate them in every step of the way .
In this way , the kids are always up for the challenge and do not give up upon their first obstacle .
Y truly enjoy working with children to help them learn and improve their already acquired skills , especially in sports .
Hence the reason I am very interested in this opportunity to coach sports to children during this summer .
I look forward to hearing from you soon
Yours faithfully
Monica
Because of him I am what I am .
I think everybody knows the importance of having a person , who is always there .
A person that takes a fixed place in your life and without that person you ca n't live .
My best friend is called Christoph .
He is 1.80 meters tall and 23 years old .
He is a soilder in the military in thun , where he works as a teacher .
In future he wants to get a general .
We have met us years ago , when we were babies because our mothers were and are good friends .
He is a very honest person and has short blond hair and brown eyes .
During the holidays and at the weekends , he wears summer clothes .
As you can think he is a very straight person , who knows what he wants .
But he also can be harmfully and sensible .
For me , a good person to speak about everything especially about my problems .
Although we have many different views of the life we understand each other and are best friends .
Many people around the world follow passionately international sports events .
That could be a great way to stop international tensions , although crisis and wars still exist .
The most important events takes place in some different country every four years .
Of course during these events all the world watch it .
Sports in general are followed by a huge percentage of the population .
Usually I do n't watch sports match , I used to do that sometimes , but nowadays I 've been thinking that it 's just a waste of money and time .
Probably because I do n't like team sports .
I 'm keen on individual discipline .
I do n't want to appear too rigid but I 've seen too many times people forgot the real problem and think only to this thing .
People seems to be distract from their real life .
The point is that we have to make the world better not just sometimes , but forever .
During these events people seem to fall into a peaceful dream where all the country love each other without show racist feeling .
Whereas often we see bad behavior .
I 'm happy about that , but I still thinking that it 's not the truth .
Probably us , as human race necessitate of this kind of things .
I 'd prefer that people express their good behavior independently of international sports events .
On the other hand , sometimes I 'm feeling happy during this event because people seems to be so excited .
In my opinion we have to deal with a lot of other important point related to our culture .
I 've been interested in play an instrument since I was a child .
When I was young we used to have a piano in our dining room because my mother used to play that .
Latent fingermarks are commonly found at the scene of crime .
They are key corner in forensic investigation .
Persistence and uniqueness are the characteristics of the fingerprint .
Latent form of fingermark is invisible to human eye , hence need some methods for visualization and development of latent fingermarks .
Divergent approaches are used on routine basis for development of latent fingermarks .
Powders by adhering physically to the fingermark residue developed the latent , chemical reagents undergo reactions with the organic and inorganic parts of the fingermarks developing the latent , small particle reagent developed latent fingermarks by adhesion to sebaceous content of the fingermarks , ninhydrin reacting to amino acid of the fingermark and developed the latent marks , single and multi - metal deposition methods works on the principle of deposition and resulting in the negative development of latent marks .
so starting from powders to chemicals , all are in public eye .
New methods are continually added in the literature and shows the importance of fingerprints in criminal investigation system .
one can easily deduce information of culprits with partial form of latent fingermark .
Have you ever thought why we need sports ?
As we all know it is an essential part of our life .
I believe that nobody can do without it .
Firstly , sport is the best way to improve your immune system .
For example , playing sport at least two times a week prevents diseases and obesity .
What is more , if you want to get rid of depression or stress - go to the gym .
According to the scientific research mental health is closely connected to the physical one .
As for me , I am keen on basketball as it is my personal way to unwind and work out .
I am into it because it is quite catchy and spectaculous .
Moreover , it is considered to be one of the most active and popular kinds of sport all around the world .
To sum up , I believe that if you want to be mentally and physically fit - try to do some sport and exercise . Also do not worry if you are not so good at it , just keep doing it and enjoy yourself .
Plants have been widely used by almost all cultures in past centuries for medical purposes that are commonly known as herbal medicines ( Izzo and Ernst , 2009 ) .
These are defined as plant - derived substances and occur naturally with no or minimal manufacturing processes that manage and remedy various health conditions effectively ( Bent , 2008 ; Tachjian ; Maria and Jahangir , 2010 ) .
Although , herbal medicines have significantly performed well in the treatment and management of illness , people have increasingly consumed these products via self - directed therapy .
This essay will discuss that there is considerable evidence for the possible detrimental influence on public health due to the increasing use of self - prescribed herbal medicines and that a health crisis is likely if no action is taken by health organisations .
The most recent thriller I 've seen is " The Miserables " .
However , I 'm not referring to the musical nor the intermediate version ; the oldest version is the referenced one .
It is a movie that has presents a lot of richness in characters and historical facts .
You are able to analyse human emotions and rationalise moral situations , so it is a movie that provides a lot of factors .
I found it very exciting because it shows a pre - revolutionary era when Jean Valjean is sent to work as a slave for stealing a small piece of bread .
After he ends his sentence , he has to solve many moral situations that prove who he really is .
It is very profound too , because it shows you problems that could happen but in a minor scale .
What really makes the difference is if you choose to help others or not .
I think people who read the book ( written by Victor Hugo ) , who are interested in this historical incident , or who merely want to analyse human relationships must see the movie .
This is due to the fact that it will teach a lot about the French daily life and about what inspires people to improve and cause good .
As the man left the café , Maria saw that his phone was still on the table .
Then she took the phone and ran out the café .
The man was so far from her that she had to run very fast towards him .
Suddenly , the man went back and looked at her .
She noticed he was Robert , her first boyfriend , but he looked like an angel .
In fact he wore a black suit and a lovely linen tie .
Maria could n't hardly say anything , she was shocked by Robert .
Then Robert smailed and giving his hand towards hers said : ' I have missed you a lot ' .
In purpose of building more necessary networks of housing and transport , areas of farmland , forest and wetland have to be destroyed by many countries today .
Such large - scale building projects has created a large amounts of problems for both human beings and animals .
As to people who make their livings by selling the products they obtained from farmlands , forests and wetlands , they will lose their sources of incomes .
In addtion , farmers , huntsmen , fishermen and any other people that are used to living by such areas have to move to cities and try to find new jobs .
They are less likely to find good jobs because most of them are not highly educated .
As a result , they will not make enough money to afford their livings in urban areas and even face problems of poverty .
Meanwhile , wild animals which take forests and wetlands as their habitas will lose their homes and find it difficult to survive in jungles of concrete . Endangered animals will be harder to be found after the destruction of their homelands .
Also , there will be no fresh grass and grains for domestic animals , such as cows , lamps , chichen to be fed .
To reduce above problems , it is necessary for governments to plan carefully before construction of builings and transport and try their best to decrese the side effects .
They should provide economic support to those who once lived in such destroyed lands and help them improve professional skills to look for good jobs .
Meanwhile , they need to build natural reserves for wild animals which can not easily find another habitats to live .
Although there will be many bad influences of large - scale building on people and animals , the countries would develop better if governments could take efforts to solve above problems .
I agree with the statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Personally for me shopping is very pleasant , but sometimes it can be a little tiring .
In my opinion is a few advantage of shopiing .
First of all , if we are in shops , we can buy everything we want .
Another good point of shopiing is fact , that it could be relaxing for some people .
I like buying some clothes or cosmetics .
It give me some pleasure and fun .
Anyway , it 's also some disadvantages of shopping .
Michael was a 23 years old boy , who wanted to be famous artist .
He had very good talent but no one understood his creative mind .
Everyone considered him as a crazy and boring guy obsessioned by his passion ; except Kate , his only best friend , who encouraged him every time he wanted to let his dream down .
At that time Kate was working in an international advertising office .
It was a really busy and hard period for her because her costumers of every part of the Earth wanted something new in the subject of art .
They wanted something that could be traditional and revolutional at the same time , something that could give a new vision of the reality and Kate started to bring some information about many artist .
One night she was working at her home ; she was in difficulty because no one satisfy her clients .
She started to be a little bit nervous , she was n't able to find any solution when , suddeny , she remembered that Michael 's art had the features requested by her clients .
She immediately took the phone and called Michael and she started to explain her project .
Michael was very excited because he finally had the possibility to introduce his view of art throut his pictures .
After lots of meeting and conferences with the representation of China , Japan , Usa and Oceany Michael began to be the man who he dreamed since he was a child .
Now he was famous and everyone respects him .
Everything was going good except his behaviour with his friend Kate .
He started to be very rude and sometimes he treated Kate like an inferior girl .
On day the two guys had a terrible discussion .
Kate accused Michael that the celebrity made him blind and Michael did n't want to listen to her .
Kate was really angry and she oredered to him to leave her room immediately .
Kate was crying a lot but Michael run away .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Enjoying outdoors in my area
Introduction
The purpose of this report is to propose the best places for visiting and to show the wide range of existing facilities which can be used by young people who are going to make a trip to my area .
What Places you can visit
There are many parks and green areas close to this city where young people could spend their time outdoors and having fun during all day before going out , such a park called : San francisco , which has a big lake and local young people are used to having barbecues there , after they had done any water sport or rented a boat .
In addition there are many public transport which could drop you off in front of the park .
where you can have an amazing night
We have an active Nightlife in this city , live gigs are performed from Wednesday to Sunday in several pubs with free access and our cinemas have always had a good movie listing
Whenever I hear about famous actor or singer complaining on photographers following them , I ca n't get a smile off my face .
What 's a description of a famous person ?
Most of the people know a lot about him .
So do n't tell me that famous people do n't enjoy being on the first page of the newspaper or any other magazine .
In my opinion the fame is a need for actors and musicians of the popular culture .
Despite the fact I said that famous people need to be well known , I think that ca n't be applied on politicians .
The personal space in their life should be larger than in a movie stars , but they should make their descisions transparent for most of the population tho .
It is their work to make descisions that ensure the benefit of the people in their country , but we do n't need to know nothing else about them , after they come home to spend some time with their families .
Computers and Information Faculty
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Letter of Recommendation
To Whom It May Concern ,
It is my pleasure to write a recommendation letter for mr .
Kadeer Abdul - hamied .
I have known Kadeer since 2012 , when he joined the faculty of Computers and Information , Fayoum University as an undergraduate student .
He attended my labs on " structured programming " course during the first year .
While attending my labs , he showed himself as an active and hard - working student .
We frequently discussed various hard problems in the scope of the course , and I was impressed by his analytical abilities .
He also attended my lectures and labs in " Java SE " summer training course .
He showed up a distinct and intellectual level among other students .
Also during this course , he had to work in a team and deliver a project as a requirement for the course .
He contributed excellent and innovative ideas during this project and he showed himself that he is an excellent team player .
Indeed I consider mr .
Kadeer as one of the most excellent and outstanding personalities among his colleagues .
I believe that Mr. Kadeer will perform very well and I strongly recommend him for " Google Student Ambassador MENA Program " .
Sincerely ,
Eng .
Mahbub Ezzeldeen Ganim
Assistance Lecturer at CS Dep . ,
Computers and Information Faculty ,
Fayoum University , Fayoum , Egypt .
Phone Number : + 200123456789
Email : Yj5kk@fayoum.edu.eg
Once upon a time , there lived a boy named Micheal .
He lived in a village near a railway station .
He was very naughty and was not much interested in his studies .
He was a very big menace and the villagers hated him because of his mischievious behavior .
One day while he was all alone at home , he thought of calling the fire force and lied and pretended as if his house was on fire .
People gathered around his house hearing him screaming out loud and within no time the fire force also arrived at the destination .
At the same time , his parents reached the place and seeing the big crowd and the fire force they got horrified .
They ran towards their house , worried for their child .
Every one was shocked and no one knew what was happening .
Later his parents became very angry and even got him beaten up for his mischief .
His parents scolded him and made him make a promise to them that he wo n't lie ever in his life again .
He was even made to apologize to all his neighboring villagers .
He went to his room and felt very bad for what he did .
Micheal closed the door and knew at that moment , he had made a mistake .
last month i watched the Fast and Furious 7 , a film stared by Vin diesel and my favorite actor , Dwayne ' The Rock ' Johnson .
this film was about the previous roberry which had been accomplished by Vin 's gangs leads to the hatred of a criminal stared by Jason Statham .
Jason statham was so strong and made all the gang feel terrible fear since dwayne Johnson was inroaded and heavily wounded .
the chasing of Jason Vs Vin was so exciting furthermore the walkthrough is designed where Vin vs Jason interrupted by another party .
However , both of them did not unite to face the intruder and continued to assault one another .
The end of the story when Diesel get cornered by Jason , spontaneously Dwayne came and fired jason with a machine gun .
The next scene was demolishing of the whole building as well as exploding of jason 's copter .
Finally , Diesel was found alive and get evacuated to the medical center , where Jason was broughted to the jail .
Vin 's family lived happily ever after because the enemy was eradicated and the rest were got jailed .
The film was the last movie stared by Paul Walker as in the film production process he passed away due to car accident .
This film 's Soundtrack , ' See You Again ' , was composed by Wiz Khalifa and dedicated to Paul .
This film will catch everyone 's attention because the scenarios , the action scenes , and drama beyond paul 's death are harmonized rigorously .
Moreover , the special effect which is displayed are so immense and lead us to feel the emotions of the actors .
Dear Marco ,
I am sorry to hear that you 've got to give up either sport or music .
I know how much you like both activities so just I suppose you are having a hard time .
Soccer has always been part of your life and memories of you kid kicking a ball bigger than you are still vivid in my mind .
I still remember the first day we went to attend a soccer lesson you promised me you never give up!. You dreamt of becoming a professional player and decided what your life would be like once you reached it .
You 've kept working on it for almost your entire life now and although you have not become a professional one you have never given up .
However , piano is also part of your life .
When I first introduced you to it you were quite sceptical of your possible achievements .
But again you never gave up and now you playing in the 3rd Orchestra in Town shows how big you are .
Proof that not only you are very determined but that piano was meant to be .
We have enjoyed music together for nearly 20 years and most of our good times are related to that .
As you asked my take what I tried to do was nothing but thinking of you as if you were my son .
I imagined the scenario with Mathew coming up to me and looking for some advice .
First off , I would take him to a long journey by car .
I 'd suggest we take some days off together and head for any particular place he would like to go to .
Then once we get on the car I 'd let the music we had planned before as the ideal background absorb us before uttering any words .
Only after driving for a while I would ask him to tell me what he 's been up to lately and if there 's anything he hasn't told me about but keen to mention now .
At that point I would let his talking go without stopping him from interruption .
I 'm convinced he 'll speak his thought at once without beating around the bush and all his fear and doubt will slip out .
By now he will be able to answer himself many questions he 's been troubling with .
All I 'll have to do is just point out what the main points are that he is too dull to see .
Because that 's what an outside criterion is needed for .
Someone else can just help you think out and be nothing but supportive .
Then he 'll be lost for words as much as he spoke and he will be willing to put the whole thing aside and just lose himself in some drinks , although he hasn't come to age yet for that .
Perhaps the next day he wo n't even be able to recall what the speaking was about but I 'm pretty sure that after all deep down himself he will know what best move on is to make ! !
Let 's talk about sports
Do you have a favourite sport ? I have !
I really enjoy volleyball and horse riding , although my favourite is swimming .
Have you ever tried it ?
You should .
It is a hard sport , but when you are it , you forget all your problems .
Swimming is a fantastic sport , especially in the Summer because in the water you can get fresh .
If you are starting this sport , you should n't be afraid of the water .
Do what you can do , and when you think that you ca n't do it , try your best .
You just need practise .
Everyone should have a sport , when you are doing it , you do n't think about anything more .
You just try to do your best .
Driving my own car seems really convenient for travelling , but public transportation is the most effective way to bring people from a place to another .
Try to imagine that , if everyone in the city has his or her own vehicle , we would be always late due to the terrible traffic jam .
In fact , travelling by car is not convenient when people have their own cars for their family or themselves .
The reason is that we have to wake up in the very early morning for avoiding the traffic jam to attending school , working , etc .
The main advantage of public transportation is that it can transport a large number of passengers at a relatively low cost .
For example , a bus can take more than 40 passengers one time at a low cost .
For another , the subway is able to transport a number of people around the city .
The second benefit of public transportation is that it can reduce the air pollution for a city .
Too many vehicles in a crowned city would increase the carbon emissions .
In conclusion , public transportation would still pay an important role of transportation in a city unless the environmental vehicles are promoted by the government and the roads and highways in a city are managed well for accommodating a huge number of cars .
It 's really important that we do things we should do .
So , we can obtain certain benefits and more doors that can be opened easily .
There are some people that spend too much of their time doing nothing useful although others may say that it helps to be more relaxed in their lives .
Personally , people must dedicate most part of their time on things they should do for two important reasons .
First , you gain time doing essential things .
By doing so , you immediately take advantage of the time in your life doing something essential .
For example , when I was 17 , I was about starting my first day of class in the university .
I started to feel bored with complementary courses on my curriculum because there were the kind of courses that did n't have any help to my university career which is mainly about System Engineering , and I was required to take complementary courses such as Ecology , Laws , and so on .
But later when I graduated , I realized how important were those subjects .
I was able to explain something basic about Ecology that my grandfather had trouble with in the countryside when I went for a vacation .
That experience taught me how important it is doing whatever you are required to do - such as taking complementary courses - without rejecting it , because somehow it 'll be helpful later in the life .
Second , if you avoid doing things only because those do n't like you , you 'll miss opportunities .
You 'll dedicate your time only on things for personal enjoyment and it really will hurt you .
For instance , a friend of mine called Freddy was in a social club in the city , he was requested to do a running around the pool for 30 minutes .
He refused to do this .
After all , one guy decided to do the venture .
He ran for 30 minutes around the pool and when he finished , my friend started laughing at him .
Nobody had noticed that the president of the social club has an award for the runner , and he received an amount of 30,000 dollars because of his effort .
As you can see , my friend lost the opportunity because he did n't like what he was requested to do .
To sum up , it is a good decision if you do things that are necessary or needed at the moment though you do n't like it .
If you do essential things you gain time in your life at the same time .
If you would rather avoid essential or required things you 'll lose many chances to succeed .
So , we should focus our minds making the right decision and spend our time wisely doing what is most important .
Some people think that computers are the most important invention over the last century , while others think that are a lot of inventions over the history that are more important than the computer .
Personally , I think the computer brings many changes in the world , and is for that I think it is the most important invention .
Some people say that the computer change the way people see the world , and this change the way in which humans perceive everything that happens around the world or only in their social life .
For example , how one person can be informed what happens to the other side of the world with only a click .
For other part , other people only use the computer to have communication with someone , have entertainment with some movies , which can be from anywhere , or simply have some fun online with your friends that live abroad or are busy all the time .
In contrast , some people think that the computer is just one more invention in the history of humanity , and although they accept that is an important invention and changes the world , they prefer to say that exist inventions more important than the computer that nowadays we still use .
For example the paper or the wheel .
Overall , people are divided in what they think about the most important invention in the world and what changes these objects make to the world and humanity , I still think that the computer is the most important invention because it not only changes one part of the history like the parper or the wheel , it changes every aspect of the human 's life .
Personally I prefer different movies .
The choice always depends on my mood .
Most of the time I like to watch comedies , love stories and adventure movies because these types of films can help me relax after a hard working day .
I do n't like horrors because they always have a bad impact on my mood .
Therefore I feel more peaceful when I view something funny , adventurous and undemanding .
In my opinion , people watch movies because they want to spend their leisure time .
Movie companies offer all kinds of movies so everybody can choose something that he likes .
I think other media will fulfil these functions as well .
For example , books also help us relax .
Besides , we can learn something knew from books .
Dear Ms Hammond ,
Thank you for your reply , it was so useful , but I still have some doubts and I will be really glad if you could give me this necessary information .
First of all , I want to know what water sports do you offer , because our group of students would be probably interested in doing something related to water , for instance , surf , diving or sailing , due to the fact that they are used to being constantly in contact with the sea ( we live in Barcelona ) and , therefore , they develop a real passion for it .
In addition , I would also like to ask you about the type of equipment you can lend to do this kind of activities and sports I have just mentioned .
For example , for doing diving , are you provided of all the diving gear ( oxygen bottles , wetsuits , security elements , etc . ) ?
That is something really important for us .
As you said , the safety of the students is our maximum concern , we must be completely sure that you will take care of them , chiefly because most of the students are still young and we have a strong commitment to their parents .
Yours truly ,
Jennifer Barraza
In my opinion , this statement could be said for a person who lives in a city with little traffic or a person who prefers travel in a freedom way instead of being concerned about public transport schedules .
However , I do n't think that this affirmation would be correct for a person who lives in a big city , what is more if you take in a count the economic aspects .
The most common problem in crowded cities is that usually they have a lot of traffic jams , and this is because there are too many cars .
Since my view , to use the public transport in this case have two important advantages : the first one you do n't have to care about parking ; the second one you can move in a relaxed way reading a book , listening to music or talking with other passengers .
Nevertheless , having a car in a big city is quite expensive nowadays , not only because the petrol price is continuously raising but also you have to pay high taxes for the car .
In short , although travelling by car is more comfortable and easier than do it by public transport , it is not probably than in the near future they disappear .
Is it true that there is no future for public transport .
As i recognized there are severeal way to improve because we are trying invent a lot of thing every day .
You would not think but when you are just thinking you may have the chance to invet something new and useful for humanity .
Inventors work years to reach their goals they are working with their project like you every day .
So we have the chance to improve public transport .
Using new vehicles , travelling can be more comfortable and easier .Everyone in this world would have a better life .I am really happy when I simply see a new bus with air conditioner or anything which can make travling enjoyable .
Most of the people are frustrated or nervous because they have to use public transport .
If the bus drivers can follow their time table there wo n't be any argument .
Artifitual Intelligent is one of the best way , we can switch drivers to these vehicles .
They will only follow the orders and wo n't be out of time and there would not be any arguments .
In conclusion we have a lot of things how o improve .
We can also help by paying our tickets , yes this is simple but these companies need money to improve their businness .
Help theme and enjoy your travelling .
A hectic day .
It was raining cats and dogs when she realized that he had lost one of the most important things in her life .
Can you imagine what it was ?
In fact , probably it was n't a significant thing for most people but it was it for her .
It was a ring which was given away by her mother .
Probably that day was the worst day in her life , besides she hasn't got married , her sister had died in a car accident , It had been a terrified accident , her sister was driving from Ciudadela and she crushed into a tree .
She was outside the church when a friend of her called to tell the new about the accident .
If I had known that there were full of problems I 'd have gone on travel instead to get married .
Hello I 'm Mathieu Sanabria and I 'm here to deny and explain everything about the case of my sextape , I went to a party with my football team - mates and we were having a whale of time then some girls arrived and I started to talk with one of them , I like her and she likes me so we went to my room to have privacy and I do n't know how but some guys get into my room and started to record my with the girl and I did n't noted then many days after I received a call from a guy that tell me that he have a very explicit video of me doing things with a girl and that if I do n't give him some money he will put that video on the Internet .
I think that he makes a wild goose chase he just bitten off more than he can chew because he does n't know me and I 'm going to make him pay for what he had done .
In other ways I 'll talk about Benzema , he is my friend for many years ago but I 'm not sure if he is with me or with the others guys so I want to listen to their version of the story so he is here to talk about that .
I 'm Nedar Benzema and I 'm blamed for Mathieu 's sextape .
One of my best friends called me two weeks ago .
He said to me he needed money .
I had n't got enough money so I told him .
I 'm gutted because he is my childhood friend .
He talked about a plan about Sanabria .
He set up plan and he made true .
He made a video his friend and Mathieu .
He asked to me how much money should I wanted from Mathieu?Then I asked him how much do you need?He said about one hundred thousand euros and after that I said " you can get it".With hindsight , I was wrong because it was illegal .
So now I regret that and I apologise for this situation .
The Number of the Beast was the third album Iron Maiden relesead .
The British band announced that the album was coming with news , a new singer , Bruce Dickison , joined the group and made the fans completely astonished by his nice - sounding voice .
Most of the songs show demoniac features causing serious concerns on the media .
The album 's name is from the song by the same name : The Number of the Beast .
In this album the drummer was really great and fantastic eletric guitar solos were showed too .
This oddly - named album became the most well - known on the history of the band .
I 'd say that was their best album and obviously they rock
I am living in Chennai one of the populated city in India perhaps one of the most polluted city in India too .
The city is dwell with people , cars , bikes and factories , which turned out to be one of the polluted city in India .
The infrastructure build for controlling and maintaining the environment ecosystem friendly is worst in other words government and people do not care about the environment rather they spoiling the environment drastically .
The government always says the statement they are doing their best to improve environment but nothing as done perhaps they corrupting people money in terms of various projects that controls the pollution of the city .
The government is not only one to blamed but also people who leaving here , who never cares of their environment .
They polluting more than factory does , by using plastic material , disposing wastes in public places and even some people tend to split and use public places as their toilet .
Although many factories and people is polluting the environment drastically but some people and organization is protecting the environment but most often these people are discriminated from society .
But they do n't care about this and continue with there work , often these people tend to demonstrate the effect of the pollution on people and future generation and made some people to change the way look the city but often some most people do n't care about what they trying to say and sometimes these people are scold .
So far people do n't understand the consequence of the pollution but with in decade they will then the suffer and understand the consequence of pollution in their life for sure .
Dear Joe
I have seen your advertisement and I am more than delighted to take part in a summer camp as an assistant .
I am 19 years old and I have 2 younger brothers and a younger sister .
I think I have some experience with young children as I have to take care of my own brothers every day .
In addition to this I go to the gym three times a fortnight and I took swimming lessons for 3 years .
Also I had also taken some self - defense lessons and a climbing course over the Alps .
I think that I deserve to have a job here because with my swimming and climbing knowledge I can entertain the children .
And in order to help them defend themselves I can also teach them some techniques about self - defense .
Anyway I hope I will get the job and I am able to attend an interview at half past nine on Saturday .
Yours sincerely
Andrei
Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva , Lula , is a myth .
As the only Brazilian president from unprivileged background , Lula has made history after running for four times for President .
Since he took up the office in 2002 Lula has made major structural changes in Brazil , taking out more than fourty million Brazilians out of extreme poverty .
During Lula 's era , from 2002 to 2010 , Brazil experienced an economic boom as never before and became a world 's economic power .
Democracy also had fundamental changes on that period .
To curb corruption new laws were created , instituions were re - structured and innovative mechanisms were developed to engage and give voice to the civil society .
Minority groups received more attention to protect their rights and investments in education , health and well being increased .
Curiously , Lula is the only Brazilian president without a university degree .
For the poorest Brazilians Lula and his history is to be proud of .
For the Brazilian elite it is unacceptable that Lula , a poor migrant from northern Brazil , overshadowed all the presidents and most politicians of their own , priviliged , university educated and careless about the real Brazilian problems .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to apply for a job in the USA I saw recently in your advertisement in a local newspaper from my city .
Further to our recent telephone conversation , I have worked as a babysitter with children aged 5 - 10 for five years .
Furthermore , I have worked in some important companies when I finished my degree in Journalism five years ago .
By the way , I had experience in the organization of sport and evening activities because at the university I did a course of Public Relations .
If you want to see my reports I can send you whenever you want or if you prefer to ask my teachers about me I can send you their phone numbers in case you want references from my job .
My teachers have said to me that if you want can write a letter about my experience .
I think I would be a suitable person for the job because I have a good level of English .
Thank you so much
Yours faithfully ,
Ana Fanucci
Most people like to drive cars instead of using public transportation .
In my country people go to work by own cars .
Students go to school or university by cars as well .
As a result of horrible traffic jams took place .
The government had to start a major public transportation projects in order to solve the problem .
Underground metro in Riyadh is one of those projects .
Long distance between cities makes it difficult to use cars .
Airplanes are the best way to travel through long distances .
It 's fast , easy , comfortable and safe way .
Buses are much more convenient for driving kids to schools .
transport workers by public transportation or by buses is more convenient for big companies .
Public transport is a must and cars will never replace it .
Public transport or travelling by car ?
I think travelling by car is a very comfortable way .
Yout do n't have to think about Bus timetables and gates .
You only can go to your car , sit in and drive away .
All what you need is a driving licence , a car and a little bit luck that there is no traffic .
If you go with a train , you need a ticket , that 's not very cheap !
You must know the timetables and at which gate the train will leave .
You have to be fast , if you want a seat to sit , sometimes the trains are full of people and you have to stand the whole way !
I think it 's right , that travelling by car will be more popular .
You drive the way you want .
You can stop wherever you want and there are a lot of other points to travell with the car .
I 've just finished reading 50 shades off Grey ....
It is really good , it is better than the previous novel FSOGrey , i really mean it , It is not porn , BE GROWN UP PLEASE , when you do nt want to read the " sex parts " just turn over the next every single page till it ends , that s all , i hve done like that to finish that novel , This novel is just to tell us the passionate love story between a sucessful business man , chairmen man with stricly unhappy childhood , and only refers to his birth mother as " the crack whore " which related to the his recently behaviour - BDSM and the girl was seemed very bored of rountine life , innocent , did nt know anything about life , Apparently , THEY were so diffirent from each other but somehow , some magic connecting them to be a very lovely couple .
It would bug me if s1 did nt read it to say that is a porn novel
The two maps depict the main changes which take place in Shipsmouth between the year 1995 and 2010 .
Overall , it can be seen that the city has became more modern , with more transport and entertainment facilities .
One striking change is that a new station has been built , to connect the north of the city with the city centre and the road has been pedestrianized .
In 1995 , there were green areas , however they were cut down and an airport and an apartment block were built in those areas .
Another interesting redevelopment is that factory was knocked down to make way for a shopping centre , and in the same way was for Church which was pulled down to take place for a pub .
The urban areas were demolished , to make way for skyscrapers .
A final notable change is that football stadium was erected in the south of the city in 2010 .
I like playing tennis .
I enjoy this sport because of its highly aerobic exercises .
Player is required to run all over the field to chase the ball and to return it to the opponent .
To win the game , a good strategy should be also applied .
One must recognize the field and the strengths , as well as the weaknesses , of his opponent to make a point .
Thus it is a game with a combination of brain and physical skills .
For people starting to do this sport , one can try to train individually .
A wall in a tennis field can be a good start to learn how to hit a ball .
It will be better of course to join a club or to get a trainer to guide .
Information about the basic theory and technique on tennis can be gathered in internet / books .
One should make the effort to practise regularly to make sure a continual progress .
Learning to do juggling will also be beneficial .
Many coaches advise their pupils to practise it for a better coordination of hand and eye .
But most importanly , one should enjoy all of this with fun .
I exactly do n't understand why people want to learn about private life of politicians and film stars .
I have to say that everybody has the right to have a private life although they are famous .
It means nobody should interfere with famous people 's lives .
Unfortunately , a lot of people are interested in others .
Famous people also have got needs .
Megastars can run into bushy problems .
These happenings are not strange .
Because all the people have got predicaments .
But public wants to see famous politicians and stars in every situation .
For example they want to see well - known people with her boyfriend / his girlfriend or want to see them in causal attire or want to see famous women without make - up .
On the other hand , should be considered this opinion : Some of big names are important for someone who has them like an ideal .
Society thinks that they haven't got weakness and lack of ability .
And media appear on the scene .
Media make use of this interest and thanks to this coin much money .
On the scene of TV , media closes their defects or removes .
And all the time follow famous people and their families .
Privacy invasion seems to be an absolute right of media .
However , being able to protect against an invasion of privacy is a fundamental human right of stars .
The government should give to superstars the right to protection of personal relationships and activities .
Ultimately , crowd - pleasing people also have got any civic rights just like everyone else .
Nowadays , many people prefer owing a car more than using public transport .
It is more convenient as you can travel straightly to the place you want to go .
Some may say that we do not need public transport anymore in the future .
However , I think public transport should be kept as it still have their values .
First of all , public transport provide the experience of the journey .
Public transport is not only bus , but also plane and ferry .
They give you the experience of flying in the sky or floating on the sea .
That is the experience can not given by car .
You can not know it if you only travel by car .
So I think Public transport should remain .
Last but not least , public transport can share the cost of traveling .
Public transport is for many people to go to the same place .
More money can be saved as the cost can be shared with the people who are going to the same place .
Third , public transport is good for the environment .
The pollution of many car is so much .
The air pollution make the climate change .
To sum up , public transport still have their own values .
The President of the United States of America Mackinley says that , regarding Cuba , he will not meddle until December .
The newspaper " Times " publishes an intercepted letter written by the Spanish Ambassador Dupuy de Lowe that will make him resign due to what he wrote about the USA .
Next to the blow - up of the North American steamer Maine , the Spanish commission created to investigate this explosion assures that it could n't be done from the outside , but from the inside .
On the other hand , the USA commission brings their results to the Parliament without previously notify their results to Spain and with the opposite conclusion of the Spanish commission .
However , the Spanish government does not agree with the USA 's conclusions and they request North Americans to solve this disagreement with an international arbitrage .
Later , the USA government affirms they do not want to conquer Cuba , but they demand Spain to sign an armistice with Cubans .
Mackinley ask for the arbitration of the Pope León XII in the conflict and Spain reclaims North Americans to get out of Cuban beaches in order to show their desire to put an end to the conflict .
The Pope requests the Spanish army to cease immediately the hostilities in Cuba .
Later , the United States House of Representatives approves a resolution to military intervene in Cuba if necessary .
The Spanish Ministry of State publishes a Memorandum relating all the events and conflicts made by the USA to Cuba until the publishing date .
In this Memorandum , the main events narrated are the filibustery crimes originated in New York and the change of attitude towards Cuba of the USA after the election of the president Mackinley .
Also , this Memorandum specifies the origin of the conflict , which resides in the letter written by Lowe and the blow - up of the steamer Maine , the latter being remarked concerning the USA rejected the Spanish proposition to carry out the arbitrage together .
The 21st of April EEUU denies the Spanish sovereignty over Cuba , the 23rd of April Spain sends the Memorandum to several nations and the 25th USA declares the war to Spain .
Since that day , the diplomatic relations between both nations will be suspended .
Keeping a Promise
Being able to keep a promise is a very important quality of a person .
It 'll show if you can be trusted or not .
So it is not just a fundamental element of being a good person but also effects on your society .
If you can keep promises to your friends , that mean how much you really care about them .
I know how important of keeping promises . I always try to keep them .
But the problem is I do really care about my friends , so I always say " Yes " to my friends , because I do n't want to disappoint them .
And then I always have a lot of promises to keep , and it also makes me too busy to keep them .
So keeping a promise is good , but the thing is : Do n't keep too many promises at the same time ! You should consider if you really can complete it or not .
That way you wo n't have lots of pressure , and you can be an honourable person .
I 'm glad you have graduated the school and that you have plans to go to the university .
It 's good for you to take a year brake before continuing with your studies .
This way you have the chance to relax and to think what is best for you in the future .
I 'm also glad that you want to visit my country . You 'll find that it is a very beautiful one .
Before I continue , please remember to write back with an exact date of your arrival so I can arrange some things with your trips .
I 'm going to make you a very nice ittinerary and hopefully we 'll also find something for you to work .
First I advise you to come and visit my hometown , because it is a nice one .
We 'll visit the Hall City Tower , the zoo , the citadelle and we also have some beautiful parks with a lot of green grass and old trees .
Then we can go visit the Fortress in Sighisoara which is the only fortress in Europe to be actually inhabited .
The next days we can go and visit a salt mine at Praid and The Bear Lake , which is a salt lake in Sovata .
I also recommend you to visit Brasov and The Black Church , The Peles Castle and why not The Black Sea .
We can go hiking and climbing .
I think you know that I have a friend which is a teacher .
He can come with us in our trip .
Concernig your working plans , I have an uncle who owns a farm , so I think we can arrange for you to work there .
I assure you 'll have a good time in my country .
I am going to wait for you at the train station .
My Husband ...
My husband is so annoying , sometimes he keep talking and talking without any goal , he drops his dirty socks and clothes all over the house and always shouting for lunch , he sleeps in the middle of good movies and important subjects and snores while sleeping .. all he wants to do is too eat and sleep
he says I shop too much but the fact is he does n't want to spend money , he stopped buying me flowers and chocolates and he stopped being romantic
after all of that he keep asking why I have changed with him !
The fact is he is not the same man I have married and that issue upsets me so much .
he keep saying I love you but I do n't feel it any more , I sacrifice my life in my lovely country for him and left my family to be with him but seems like it was one huge mistake as I feel like I am living with a stranger and he is nothing like the man he promised me to be .
anyway I still love him and still have the hope that this is just a temporary period in our life and he will be back to the man I loved once especially that we have the most amazing reason to live for its our beautiful son our angel and amazing love of our life .
There are widely different views on the public transport future .
Despite some people would suggest that such service has no future because people are more rely on car as it is convenient , it is my personal belief that public transport should continue and has its future .
Two of the principle reasons for this are as follows .
Firstly , the society today are more concerned about environmentally friendly .
This is a worth seeing be concerned because air pollution has negative impact on our health and the ecosystems .
The more cars on the road , the more green house gases produced .
Therefore , public transport play an important role to mitigate global warming .
For example , if a bus can carry 100 passengers , at least 25 cars can be reduced on road , solved the problem of traffic jam .
In addition , scientists and engineers are working hard to invent and improve the vehicles , so they become less harmful to the environment .
The second argument is more related to everyone and has great influence .
For those who do not drive , public transport is extremely important .
There are thousands of students travel with public transport to school everyday because they can not drive and their parents do not have time to drive them .
Moreover , insurance , petrol , repair fees are very expensive .
Not everyone can afford it .
On the other hand , public transport is good value of money .
In conclusion , I believe that public transport should have future .
Professionals are continuing to develop a better vehicle to make it eco - friendly , and there are still many people rely on public transport .
Everyone deserves to have a private life , even celebrities and stars , who is a life and soul of the party during their working hours .
We all need a shelter , where we can hide from daily difficulties .
This is the only way to maintain mental health and not to fall into depression .
We can say for sure that stars and celebrities are also people .
It means that in everyday life they are faced with the same problems as we do .
What is more , celebrities as ordinary people need some time to rest and some time to build deep relationship with others .
As ordinary people they need someone to take care of them , someone to share their feelings with .
It does not matter what amount of money is in their accounts .
They are not able to buy real relationships such as friendship and love .
They can gain fame and admiration thanks to their skills but their stage personality is more like a powerful creation .
Sometimes in everyday life they are not even interesting in terms of character and appearance .
We all go through hardships and failures .
But this should not reach a level that it lets us fall into mental disorders .
That is why a private life is so important , especially for stars assessed all the time by society .
Hi ,
what 's up ?
I 'd like to tell you about the concert I was .
It was fantastic !
I 've met few nice people and we had a great time with them .
They showed me everything I should do .
I had to carry some musical instruments and install a software .
Then I helped with organization and selling tickets .
I love to help people and the best was I meet members of band and have the autographs !
Love ,
Aga
Learning new languages is becoming a priority for young people because most of them go to study abroad and work with foreign countries .
I believe that knowing more languages is always better . that way people have a lot more culture and are more knowledgeable .
Those are the people who know their way around life .
Another great reason for knowing languages is that people will like and respect you .
You will also develop your mind and learn new things .
So knowing a lot of languages could be very useful in life .
On the other hand , learning languages is not always practical .
It takes a lot of time to know any language fluently and it waists time .
Even if you learn a certain language and you do n't use it manually , you will simply forget it .
It turns out that learning a foreign language may be pointless .
In conclusion learning languages may be very handy but can also be a killing time activity .
So it 's nice to know other languages , but just those you will really need .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I saw your advertisement looking for a kids monitor , and I think I could be the best person to fill that position .
I have a degree in English and I would like to learn how the Americans speak it in real live .
For that reason , it would be a wonderful chance to learn amongst kids and adults in the USA Summer Camps .
I have worked at schools in Spain and I have first hand knowledge about organising sports and activities .
We could learn new activities from each other .
I am a good cook .
Although I have no title , I love cooking .
For that reason , I think I can help in the kitchen .
I could also share with everyone some Spanish recipes .
Nevertheless , I realize this is not the ideal reference .
See my curriculum vitae , enclosed , for more details .
I would love to answer any question you could ask through this email , qq@gmail.com , and this mobile phone number , 666666666 . I would be delighted to attend an interview whenever you see fit .
I look forward to hearing from you in the nearing future .
Yours faithfully ,
Indiana Jones
Michael went to a trip to Poland by himself .
At his 5th day of his trip , he hiked a very high mountain , but weirdly he never seen any people .
About 1 hour after he started to hike , he saw a big cave and there was a cozy - yellow glow inside the cave .
He went in and found an old man standing there .
Next to him were few dozens of doors and there were letters written on it .
The man spoke , " Welcome " .
He led me to a room which said ' Happy ' at the door .
When Michael stepped into the room , I felt something very fresh inside me .
It was like breathing in a forest .
I felt happy .
Really Happy .
The old man said , " You feel happy , Do n't you ? " Michael nodded .
He went on , " Every room have a feeling written on it .
That feeling tells you what you will feel inside the room . " .
Michael went into couple of rooms until I spotted a room written ' Anger ' .
He was curios about how he will feel when he goes into the room .
He stepped into the room .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I think , that everybody deserve privacy , including famous people .
They can barelly breathing with all those photographers around them .
I do n't know why people love spying famous people .
And magazines are full of those things .
Another useless thing are gossip .
Why are they even exist ?
Thay can really damage the reputation of someone .
I also think that the following famous people sometimes could be dangerous .
For example , when fan follow the cab , she or he could be hurt , because the traffic is really unpredicable or when there is a huge mass of fans , they could hurt each other .
My opinion is , that the famous people deserve a quiet time , when they are with their partners or with family , but also when they are just going to the supermarket or gym .
Yesterday I saw in the magazine photo of Sarah Jessica Parker on which she was walking with her dog .
The headline was : LOOK AT THE SARAH WITHOUT MAKE - UP , SHE LOOKS LIKE A HORSE !
My first though was : " God , let her live her life !
She is only a human being ! "
Why when men stalk a women they forbid him to come closer to her , but when a papparazi hide in car of celebrity , he will get a huge pack of bucks for the photos ?
I 'm going to talk about social networks .
Years ago , we used to get through with other people ringing up or texting messages by our mobile phone and as time goes by , nowadays we also can communicate by social networks such as twitter , facebook , whatsapp ... First of all , we use them to catch up on news , social issues by twitter instead of newspapers , for instance , it 's usually to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria readings news by his smartphone , an image so far from years back .
We also can have more knowledge about current issues by Facebook pages which are not considered appropriate by some TV programmes such as political discussions , strikes , economy ... As far I concerned , nowadays population know more about what 's going on in the world than in previous years .
One example of this could be North Corea or some Arab countries where their Government ban to have access Internet to citizens , in other words , they want to mislead about reality avoiding population could claim bu this nets or up in arms against their system .
On the other hand , we can get more information about our known and unknown people who are our friends by facebook , uploading photos at any time , taking a coffee , watching a football match or spending summertime somewhere .
So , this means we are getting less intimity and becoming more gossiping at the same time , as a consequence of sharing our lives on public sites .
You can follow to your favourite celebrities and have a direct interaction but this also has negative consequences such as some followers critise to them
Michael Xander is the famous team captain of Onix University , one of the most prestigious school in the Philippines .
He was born with a spoon on his mouth .
He has everything : the looks , the brains and the charm but he has never felt contented .
He has never been serious on the entire 17 years of his life .
Everything has been easy for him , he used to get what he wanted .
He thinks that life 's a game and he should surely win whatever it takes .
One of his favourite game is to conquer every girl he liked and break their heart .
But that was until he met Celine .
She was describe as plain Jane of the campus .
The never been noticed girl , Celine .
One day , in the silence of nowhere while Celine was reading a book she felt someone beside her .
It was a new thing for her knowing that someone had the guts to sit next to her because almost all the people on that school define her as a weirdoe .
' Excuse me ? '
She looked up and she was surprised seeing the stranger beside her is the famous Michael .
Curiosity was written all over her face . '
Yes ? '
she responded . '
I 'm Michael , nice to meet you ' he said ..
She was starstrucked .
She knows him .
Everyone in that school knows him and how flirt he is . '
Uh yeah . I know you ' she said .
Michael thought it would just be easy talking to this girl .
Seeing her that close makes him realised that she 's not ugly .
The word beautiful is not enough to describe her .
She 's gorgeous , if she would only take off her glasses maybe other people will notice it too . '
Nice then , do you mind going out with me on a date ? '
he blurted . '
No ' she replied .
This guy actually ask her out and she 's not that stupid not to know his intentions .
She stood up , packed her things and went out of the library .
Michael was surprised .
He had never expected that he would receive a no from this kind of girl that is even far from his type .
She just challenged him .
The past two weeks of Celine 's life changed in just a blink of eye .
Michael did n't give up on asking her out .
Rumors spread that easily .
She knew herself that Michael is just playing with her and she said to herself that she will never fall into his trap .
If he wants to play , then she will give him the best game he could and would ever have .
She 's going out with him .
Two months had passed since the day they dated .
Since then , everything went so perfect between the two of them .
Celine realised that Michael is not that bad and maybe those rumors she heard before were only rumors and they only wanted to destroy Michael 's reputation .
She baked a cake for him because she wanted to thank him for the flowers she received yesterday .
One of the things she knew about him is that Michael loves to surprise , that 's why she wants to surprised him too .
She 's on her way to the court where Michael was practing when she heard guys talking .
' Do you still plan on finishing our bet or the rumor is true Michael ? You have fallen to Miss Jane ? ' it was Nicolaih Heindric voice . '
I 'll do it .
Just be patient .
I ca n't wait to have that car of yours ' Michael said .
Celine knew at that moment that her world had fallen down .
Tears automatically falls down her face .
Everything Michael did for her was just for a bet .
The next day while Michael is on his pad watching tv , he heard his door bell rang , he was surprised to receive someone now .
The last time he remember he never invited anyone .
He would like to invite Celine but he knew she would decline to him again and he 's not ready to be alone with her .
Maybe he 's too coward to admit it but yes , he 's inlove with Celine .
He tried to deny it to his friends because he knew the moment he told them the truth Celine 's life would change .
He knew how Celine loves having her privacy , he knew the moment he admit to everyone that he loves her , she would never have her normal life anymore .
He just loves that girl that he would protect her from everything .
Even if it cost him hiding how much he loves her .
When he open the door he was more surprised to see who 's on the door .
His eyes looked automatically on how Celine looked today .
Is it only him or she was wearing a sexy dress ?
He opened the door wider and let her in with a big smile on his face .
Celine came in and kissed him aggressively .
The next thing Michael knew is that he is making love with this girl .
Everything felt amazing and beautiful .
All they could hear was them kissing . '
I love you so much ' Michael blurted after what they did then hug her .
He felt a liquid falling on his shoulders .
Is it raining ?
he asked himself .
He realised that it was n't raining .
Those were Celine 's tears . '
I knew everything .
Everything was just a bet right ? ' Celine said .
Michael got frozen . '
Everything that happened to us was too good to be true .
I should n't have believed you .
I should n't have believe that you will change just for me .
I 'm just so stupid to believe guys like you .
Now you have what you wanted . '
Celine said with a broken voice and a broken heart . '
Look away .
I 'm going to dress now ' Celine added .
Michael ca n't believe of what he had just heard .
The next thing he knew is that she was gone not only on his pad but from his life .
He just lost the girl he loved for the first time .
Micheal decided to get dress , he was on the way to the door when he saw a box of things he gave to Celine .
Tears started to fall from his eyes .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
In the presentday community shopping is one of the most important part of life .
For some of us trade is a thing for a living , but other people treat shopping like a good thing to spend time and they are enjoying it very much .
For me , shopping is not enjoyable and I am trying to avoid big shopping centres .
The very first reason for my disagreement is that I do not have enough money to purchase everything which I would like to buy .
Things are getting more and more expensive and I am really disappointed when I must go out of the shop with nothing and furthermore it gives me a big amount of sadness .
The next thing about unpleasant shopping are enormous lines .
Going for a few food - stuffs always end with an hour in a line .
No matter in what time you come to shop , you will wait .
The last , but not least reason against enjoyable shopping is that I have to travel a lot to a store in which I can buy everything I want .
Of course I might go to a few different shops , but without driving license travelling is tough task .
Carrying many heavy bags is not my favourite kind of spending my spare - time .
There are lots of good places to visit in Brazil .
Beautiful and important places for the history of this amazing tropical country .
Among all of them , one of the places you must visit in Brazil is the Amazon Theater , located in Manaus , the town of Amazon State , in the north of the country .
The building is important because it was built in the last century during the rubber age , when the city was one of the most richest city in the world .
Architects , builders , painters and sculptors were brought from Europe by ship as well as all the material construction that were necessary for its building .
It is a sophisticated construction , full of details , everywhere around the theater , from the floor to the ceiling , everything carefully fashioned according to that period .
Even if it has more then 100 years since it was built , all the original fashion are still there , intact , with all the luxury ready for everyone 's visit .
The place set out important concerts , presentations and international festivals until nowadays .
The theater is famous not just because of its age , but also because it was built in the middle of the jungle .
During the rubber age there was no urban life around the build , which is completely different from today of course since there is a restored square and a church in front of the theater , that have the same age of the theater and is surrounded by art galleries , pubs , offices , houses , restaurants , where groups of friends , tourists and families are used to go to appreciate the breeze in the end of a warm day and during the night .
It really worth visiting Amazon Theater in Manaus , taking pictures and having good stories to tell in your life .
Have you ever heard about it ?
If you live in a small village , you may know the sport I do .
Most of all Girls Play it in my village .
In big cities there 's a similar Sport called Basketball and this one is more for Boys .
Every monday we meet us in the sportshall of Mandach .
Before the lessons begin , we talk about the news in the village and do some exercise to get warm .
After our Trainer Nico shows us a lot tipps an tricks .
The reason I like this Sport is more or less simple .
I can Play it with good friends , it 's a funny Sport , but it 's also hardly and you can get to your Limit .
In winter we have some games every two weeks , where our friends are visitors .
In the last season we reached the second place .
If you want to know more about this Sport , do n't hesitate to watch a game of us .
You can find more informations also in the Internet .
To sum up I hope to see you soon by a game .
In the reading passage , the writer provides several theories about the purpose of the carved stone balls .
However , the lecturer points out the problems in all his assertions .
Firstly , the author holds that the stone balls were possibly used in hunting or fighting .
In contrast , the professor argues that they were impossibly weapons because they show no damage .
If they were used as weapons , they should be broken up or divided into pieces .
Secondly , the writer claims that the stone balls might be us as standard weights to measure .
Nevertheless , the lecturer contends that the theory is indefensible .
The main reason is that the craved stone balls are different types of stones .
It is because different stones have different densities that their weights are different though they are uniform in the same size .
Last but not least importantly , the author asserts that the stone balls might serve a social purpose .
The professor , however , does n't think so because the the designs of the stone balls are too simple to show the important social status .
Moreover , in general , artifact of social symbol is buried with its owner after he or she died .
However , the craved stone balls were not found near any graves .
To sum up , the professor totally disagree with the statement in the reading passage .
Life is changing every day and in the next fifty years a lot of things will happen .
Science is developing very quickly and nowadays scientists are discovering new things .
In the future some dangerous diseases such as Cancer or Aids will be treated , and there will be no worries about them .
I think people will not go out of their homes to buy goods and foods or clothes , because professional robots will be invented and they will do anything that you want , and they will obey your orders .
However , this can cause a problem for human and some people will face to the threat of compulsory redundancies .
I would say that some problems will happen and people will lose their jobs .
I assume that another problem will be robots , because little by little they will capture the world and they will become human 's enemy , and that would be one of possibilities in the future .
In conclusion , I would say that developing is not very good for human , and little by little the world will be demolished by human errors .
I hope the world will not being destroyed by human , but in the end everyone knows that the entire of the world will be ruined and nobody will be alive .
' The Go - between ' by L.P.Hartley
This is an original and moving love story that has people agaisnt the relationship between the main characters .
And this story was told from the point of view of Leo Colston the lead character .
Moreover , the whole story happens in the 20th century during a trip that Leo does and calls it the best century of his life .
Leo is a kind of popular boy at school as he invents special spells and shows them to his schoolmates , but everything he knows change when he 's invited to the house of Marcus , who is his partner at school .
So there he meets the oldest - gorgeous Marcus ' sister and he immediately falls in love and since then the go - between appears in the story .
I think everyone will enjoy this book because it shows a typical way of behaving in the 20th century , their daily - routines and the things they do to have fun .
Besise this , it tries to give us a real idea of what an innocent child may do to help people without being told the real truth .
This paper is a review of scientific researches , including magazines , newspapers , websites and others ; with the purpose of exploring ecotourism , presenting the tourist attractions and beaches to people , in order to call it to their attention in relation to the commercial promotion and local development , where a lot of people do not know the natural beauties of our city .
Warning the responsible departments how much they can do to the city in relation to employment opportunities , tourist atractions , enrionmental education , ecological preservation and make it as the best touristic city of Litoral Paulista .
Throughout the marketing and advertising , we want to encourage young people who enjoy surfing the dissemination of the best beaches of this city to practice it with others that may have .
Preserving , exploring the trails and beaches , encouraging extremist sports are what we believe that attractives to tourists of this wonderful seaside city are .
Key words : ecotourism , marketing , track , the Guarujá beaches , tourism .
In today 's world people use public transport in every aspect of travelling .
Nevertheless , travelling by car can be posing a real treath to public transport because it is much more comfortable .
Firstly , having a car makes travelling much easier .
People can go wherever they want and whenever they want without thinking of buying a ticket or getting to a station on time to catch a bus or a train .
Car gives comfort because you can personalise your space and your ride .
All the same car is also necessity today , because very often that is the only means to get to where you need to .
However , public transport is not threatened by car .
First of all , too many cars make towns crowded and create traffic jam , which is counterproductive .
Secondly , one car is making as much pollution as one bus which transports many more people .
In my opinion , public transport is secured in the future .
It will even get more popular because it will be faster , modern , and cheaper than a travellng by car .
It was the worst night we had ever had .
We had never gone to Michael 's house before .
We were thinking that meeting there we will have a funny night in friends , but we were very wrong .
When we arrived we saw an old house where Michael lived .
He was waiting for us outside .
At first , we did n't think that something bad was going to happen .
When we got inside his house , we saw a lot of old pics on his wall , it was like a horror movie !
Michael looked very nervous too .
After a while , when we were playing one of his Computer game , we heard a scream coming from his garden .
There were two bodies in that place .
They were Michael 's parents , his father was dead , but his mum no .
Then , Michael tried to hide their bodies in a room , without knowing that his mum was alive .
When we saw that we escaped as fast as we could , and we saw as his mum walking to find Michael , like a zombie .
In the end , We heard Michael 's scream .
We never see him again , I think that when Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake .
The best thriller I have ever read
It was long time ago when I have read this book but it was so good and exciting that it 's still in my mind .
That 's a novel written by Sidney Sheldon called ' ' If tomorrow comes '' .
There is also a film based on the book .
It talks about an ordinary young woman who has everything she needs in life .
After she finds out that her mother has committed a suicide because of some kind of fraud she decides to revenge her but she gets into a prison .
After she comes out she decides to make another revenge because of the same reason .
This book is very exciting because there is a lot of things that are happening and it 's not monotonous at all .
It has a lot of intrigues and a lot of to think about what 's going to happen next .
I would recommend this book to the people of all ages because it has something for everyone .
It is serious enough for the older ones and it has a romantic side for the younger ones .
It is a really good book that should n't bee missed .
Dear Sir ,
I hope this letter finds you in good health .
Recently , I have seen an advertisement about a job .
I think I would be the right person for such job .
The following are worth noting about me .
I have taken courses in the last 2 months in an organization that prepares activities for children aged between one to 15 .
This organization taught us how to deal with children , and how to make their lives happier and more joyful .
There main aim is to make the children over the moon .
In addition we were also taught how to organize sports and activities for them in a way they will enjoy .
Moreover , sir , I have taken courses in cooking .
I believe that I am suitable for this job as I have huge experience about what is required . I would be on top of the world if you allow me to be one of the team .
Believe you will never regret choosing me .
Sincerely ,
Razan Salib
Everything happened that summer I spent in Egypt .
My mother had found a new job in some ancient ruins , right in the middle of the desert . I should mention that she was an important archaeologist , known all over the world , and she had to travel to every corner on Earth .
I used to spend my whole holidays at my grandparents ' country house , surrounded by green fields , forest and rivers , but when I turned eighteen my mother thought I was old enough to take a plane on my own and stay with her for a month .
I did n't expect to find anything else than sand , heat and tourists on my way across the desert , even though I was leading myself to a patch of water among leagues of wasteland , the oasis of Faiyum .
Finally , my plane landed in Cairo almost five hours after I had left England and I had to remember that the time there were two hours in advance .
When I managed to reach the outside I had a taxi waiting for me , probably sent by my mother , so at least I did n't have to look for another one in the stifling heat of the city .
On the other hand , the taxi did n't even have air conditioning , so I spent the two hours of the journey trying to fan myself with a magazine I borrowed from the driver .
I reached the hotel well in the afternoon , nevertheless , the air was still oppressive and hot like at midday .
Even though I had to bear the climate , I was happy with being able to see my mother more often than I used to in past summers .
I had n't met her since the beginning of last February , and that was five months before then .
Introduction
The aim of this report is to give some tips for tourist who come to the city . I will provide you with some pieces of advice about shopping clthes in the city as long as some recommendations .
Fashion and luxury
In the city there are many fashion shops where you can get the most trendy clothes . You must be aware that maybe you will spend more money than expected , but if you are a shopaholic , it will woth it .
NANY 'S has party dresses and wonderful shoes that you can use on special occasions .
You would fall in love with them as they are pstel colured .
In addition , they often have discounts and offers , so you can get some bargains is you look into the wardrobes .
Linda is a modern shop where you can find the latest fashion in Milano and luxury complements from the most known companies .
Clothes at short price
Every Monday there is a street market in the central square .
Despite they are not new clothes , they are usually trendy and with high quality .
If the idea of a street marke does not seduced you , I recommend you visiting a is a little shop in Saint Peter street , The Old Bag , where you can buy bags and other complements such as umbrellas , gloves and scarfs .
In addition , The shop is very cheap and you can take a cup of coffee iside meanwhile you are shopping .
Recommendations
If you are a fashion lover you should visit Linda and Nany 's .
I recommend you having a look inside just in case .
By contrast If you are more lickely to save money , the best option in the street market .
I suggest a quick visit to every shop and make comparations in price and quality
A group of young people from abroad will be visiting my home town for three months .
This is a short report which will include my recommendation about the most interesting places in my town for them to enjoy .
I have chosen two most popular places to have a good time in my town .
The first place would be " Culture Centre " and the second one " Sports Centre " .
In the " Culture Centre " your young visitors will be able to join daily cultural activities , such as theater , cinema and drawing classes , whereas in the " Sports Centre " they will have an opportunity to join many sports activities , such as bowling , swimming , athletics and karate classes .
Additionally , since the young people are going to stay in my town for a few months , I suggest that they should subscribe to a Polish language course .
It is very helpful to be communicative in Polish language at least on a basic level .
The course would be three times a week only , and fully paid by the Polish government .
The course will give your young visitors not only a lot of fun but also a general knowledge about Polish culture and eating habits as well .
In short , a trip to Poland will be an unforgettable experience for your students .
However , they should be aware of high costs of living in my town .
When I think in food the first thought it comes to my mind is ham , it brings back memories of the Christmas 2012 .
I have fond memories of those Christmas because of the ham and my niece .
In recent years , I have been buying the ham in a shop in Cáceres which is hugely popular and I really enjoy seeing that my family is delighted , but overall I enjoy seeing my niece , who is still a child , eating ham .
Every year , in my house , we play the same role : my mother and my sister prepare different plates for Christmas dinner , and I am highly probably the responsible for carrying those plates from the kitchen to the dining room , because the rest of the family is lost in their conversations trying to save the world .
It was while I was coming in and out from the kitchen I found my niece standing on a side of the table eating ham .
I do n't know how she took the plate from the centre of the table and put it in front of her , but she had started to eat it , without asking anyone .
It was an unforgettable moment , I was looking at her slightly excited because she was eating alone without help and fast , which was and still is unusual coming from her .
If there were more buses or trains at any time ( also in the night ) , it could be convenient using them and letting the car in the garage .
Unfortunately it 's not possible because of the costs that the Economic System would be compelled to support .
So people often prefer using the car and paying for oil instead of the bus ticket but having more advantages : not to be constricted to wait for the buses and not to have to take a taxi in the night when they come back from the disco , for example ..
Recently , in many towns , there is also a new system for moving around the city .
It 's called " City car " or " Car Sharing " and it consists in sharing a car , using it for our movements and then letting it in every part of the city in the dedicated parking .
It 's a cheap service and it 's very appreciated from people who needs car not every day but only for a little time .
So I think that in a short time , cars will take the place of the public transport .
The Internship , a film of Shawn Levy with Owen Wilson and Vince Vaughn .
In this film there are two not younger men who have lost their work .
They sell clocks , but at a certain time their factory had closed .
They have to find another work .
It is n't easy finding another work for them because they are alone able to sell .
In the beginning , one of them , looks for a job asking to the boyfriend sister , but fortunately his friend convince him to find another work .
One day , finding on google , the two friends discover that google looks for new people to employ in its company .
They send their curriculum .
Of course they are much more older than the other candidates , and when the staff control their curriculum only one member confirm their candidature .
Despite everything they could take part to the competition .
The google agency arranges a lot of people , and declares that only one group will have the possibility to win .
Of course when the groups arrange themselves , the two old men remain alone and they are forced to create a group with the discards .
Of course , on paper , this group haven't chances , but the events will demonstrate something of different .
This film is interested because it drafts work problems but not only for this ; it also transmits some important values like , the importance of the solidarity , the group cohesion and the importance not to lose the fait in dreams even if the situation is withstands .
Of course there are also negative observations about this film : for example there are some pornographic scenes in the middle of the story : they are n't interesting and they during so much time .
In addition some situations of the film are taken from the high school movie .
In conclusion this film is plain and a little discounted but in the same time light and funny film to watch during the summer with some friends .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very happy to hear that you have chosen to come to my country ! I 'm sure you 'll love it because you had a great time the last time you came .
If I were you , I would start in Catalonia and I would catch a train which describes a wonderful route .
You travel around all the Spanish coast and you end your trip in Madrid .
So you can see nearly all Spain in a month and it is quite worth , according to my best friend .
The problem is that you have to book the hotels you want to stay so yoou need some time to prepare it .
You should bring summer clothes because it 's very hot at his time of the year , and some jackets since the north of this country can be a little chilly too .
As you know , my father runs a tour agency which needs some new staff and they are looking for people who speak at least three languages .
I think you 're suitable for this job as you can speak German , English and French .
It is well - paid although you have to spend hours and hours under the sun , but it 's a good idea .
It may help you to choose what to study at university as I know you haven't decided your mind yet .
If you do n't like this idea , there is an excellent website which offers a lot of jobs and maybe you find something interesting .
I enclose for you the name in this e - mail , I think you should take a look !
Please , tell me when you make a decision .
Yours sincerely .
I think that there are different types of famous people .
The most are famous because they expose their private life and all their interests are to making money .
The rest of celebrities are artists or good workers .
They do not think in money or fame , simply they enjoy working .
On the one hand , I agree with the statement because everyone has the right to maintain a private life .
It has to be uncomfortable to go out of your house and find some reporters or paparazzi waiting for you to asking or to taking photos .
If something changes in your life will be a notice in television , and people will invent rumours about you .
Not know if people take interest in you because they are real fans or is a person who wants to take advantage of you .
On the other hand , I disagree with the statement because if they are public people , fans will interest in them .
There are celebrities that sell their life in television and then do not want to journalists chase them .
There are other famous people who not appear in television and they are chased by reporters .
This is the result that something new has occurred and they want to collect information .
It is impossible to take a private life if you are a celebrity , because people who love you want to know about your privacy .
To summarize , if you expose yourself to television you will not have a private life .
The best way to keep it is not be a famous person .
To whom it may concern ,
I would like to apply for the job of instructor in the USA Summer Camp as advertised in the newspaper .
Last winter I had been working as a coach in my basketball team with kids about ten years old .
I have formation in basketball and Physical Educations .
For me this is very pleasant because I like being with children and it is a challenge for me .
Moreover I am very active and hardworking as you request .
In addition I am very funny and always I am joking .
It is not a problem for me to work in the kitchens because I cook on my house and I think I do very well .
I think this job is perfect for me because I love children and sport .
Also I feel that I can be a positive incorporation in the Summer Camps .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely
Enric E.
Have you ever thought about how the home of the Future would look like ?
It would be different from nowadays ?
Many of us think that the home of the future will be exactly like in our favourite sciean - ficions movies or books , for example , " Solaris " or even " Star Wars " .
House , which in we will be life in the future , would be full of complicated to use computers and robots .
Televion of the future will be amiazing , because it will have a 3D projector , what makes that movies will look extremely realistic .
Remarkable will be of course robots , which will help us in every day responsibilities , for instance in cooking delicious dishes , cleaning every thing in the house or even in washing and ironing clothes .
To be perfectly honest , ever human - being is dreaming of the home of the Future and ever dream is an individual , but in the future , our dreams will come true ?
Hi ,
Whether you want to visit some interesting place or building , you should go to our zoo , which is near Zlín in Lešná .
There is a nice old chateau and a lot of animals , which are from the whole world .
You can see for example tigers , lions , zebras , birds , pinguins or horses .
In the chateau is an exhibition of snakes and spiders .
And the reasons for visiting our zoo ?
It 's a beautiful place for every generations in nature and you can spend there all day .
If you were hungery , there are some restaurants a fast foods .
But the main reason is , that Zlín zoo is one of the biggest zoos in Czech Republic and , in my opinion , the most beautiful .
Please write to me back and tell me , if you like the zoo or if you went on other place .
Love ,
Jitka
It is argued that famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
On my opinion sometimes stars ' behaviour is very suprising .
To illustrate my point of view I want to give some examples .
On the hand famous people intend to protect their private live , but on the other hand they want to be followed by paparazzi .
First of all being on the covers of rags help them make their more attractive for directors .
The other reason is that actors want to be recognisable , because popularity give possibility to earn more money .
Hollywood fees depend not only on skills but first of all on fame of this person .
Film stars have very duties for example going to the parties organized by other people from show buissness .
Dear Jeff ;
Hi , How are you ?
Honestly , I do not like Nature Programmes so much because they are so boring !
I personally like Sports Programmes and Comedy Shows , because I love sports and also enjoy having a good laugh .
My favourite tv shows are " Hablemos de Football " , " Sports Center " , " Fox Sport " and " The Simpsons " , all these except " The Simpsons " are about sports , mainly football , basketball and rugby .
And as a sports lover I am glad to be informed about the latest matches of the international leagues like the " NBA " , " Premium League " and also the " National League " because of my deep love of sports .
I watch tv about 5 hours a day and in the weekends about 6 hours because I can stay in bed till late .
I watch some football matches repetitions and Comedy Shows .
What about you ?
How is everybody there ?
What is your favourite programme ?
And I would like to know what is the most popular programme among teenagers in your country
I hope you will write back soon .
Love ,
Lautaro
House no 26
Lal colony
Jabalpur(M.P )
2nd January 2017
Dear friend ,
Thank you for inviting me
to your engagement party .
I am very happy because you are finally getting engaged .
You are very lucky in choosing life partner I have seen your life partner she is so beuityfull .You both have perfect match .
You both are like Romeo and juliett .But I am really sorry I am not coming to the engagement party because my mother is admit into the hospital .
She has an accident today .So I have to stay here for her care .
Once more I am saying sorry .
I think You are understanding my situation .
We will make soon another plan after My mother became well .
I am sending you a gift please accept it .
Please send me some engagement photographs .
My mother gives you the best wishes and Me too .
Say My hey to your partner and to your family member .
Talk to me on video conferencing after party .
Thank you
Subham babu .
I enjoyed the past summer holiday , it is entertaining and I usually travel around Hong Kong with my family during weekends .
I have been to several places during the holiday , including airport , Mui Wo , West Kowloon Cultural District , etc .
The summer holiday was quite long , nearly two months .
I usually wake up at around nine O Clock in the morning and spend the day by reading newspapers , books , and also digitalize some video tapes .
I enjoy reading newspapers so I can get updates on the latest development of incidents and news .
Furthermore , it can also improve my language skills .
I usually watch television programs from Discovery Network at night .
Besides , I find those talking about building massive structures and science interesting and I learnt some knowledge from those programs .
To get prepared to the things to be taught in grade 9 , I also flipped through some textbooks , including Integrated Science , Geography , etc .
And I find the knowledge to be taught in some subjects interesting , while some are n't .
As I am a member of the Robotics Team , I went to school for 3 days during the summer holiday to prepare for a competition on fourth of October .
Despite the hard work , I enjoyed the process of preparing the competition a lot .
Nowadays the level of our life has become higher .
We are looking for better conditions everywhere .
So a public transport is not exception .
Most people prefer using their private car instead of a public transport .
Basically , there are a lot of drawbacks using this kind of transport .
First of all is a traffic jam , if you stick in a traffic jam in a big bus you will waste much time then you expected on the road . Bisedes a public transport are overloaded at rush hours .Another downside is that most of buses are old and dirty .
That 's why people choose travelling by car because it ' is more convenient and fast .
ALL ABOUT ME
My name is Alexander Engström .
I am 12 years old and I was born on September , 12 2003 .
Most of my time I like hanging out and chilling with my friends , but when I am not with my friends , I am home studying .
I have one big sister , Anisa , she is 18 years old , and I also have two younger sisters ; Alicia 8 years old and Isabel 4 years old .
I have many hobbies , but one of my favourite hobbies is to ski downhill , because I love doing it .
The reason why I love to ski is the freedom I feel when I ski and it is also my type of sport .
Green And Clean Environment
Introduction
The aim of this report is to explain the way our Community have decided to preserve the nature of our town and which other activities could be useful in order to achieve this purpose .
Schools and Offices
On the one hand , if you belong to a School you can participate giving information to the children about the cathastrophic image our village would have if we do not reduce the pollution in the minimum range .
On the other hand , everyone has the opportunity to clean the streets where they spend most of the time .
It could be the place where you work or your house .
Nobody has to be worried about the vacuum or the broom because it is provided by the Government .
Recycling
In case you do not have time to help with that kind of activities there is a rule you must follow .
You have to throw away every single thing you have in the correct container in order to recycle them .
Recommendations
My recommendation is to invest in a good cleaning machine , consequently we will not have to spend hours cleaning the streets .
A high number of tourists visits Cáceres searching for culture , heritage and typical food from Extremadura .
For that reason , this town has a lot of facilities to cover that demand and to offer a good time inside .
The most attractive resource in Cáceres is its heritage .
The old town is an historic and cultural center where a great part of the tourism is focused in .
This part of the city is ready to receive it because there is an intensive control to have access to the old town with cars .
Anyway , taxis and official vehicles are free to enter whenever they want .
One of the most particular things of this region is the food and Cáceres is the head city of gastronomy in Europe .
Currently , Cáceres is the only Spanish city having a European award for offering a big selection of food and drink .
" Atrio " is the most important restaurant of the city and it has been recognised with two stars of the most famous guide for restaurant from Spain .
Anyway , " Atrio " is not just a fine food restaurant , but it is a five - stars hotel in the middle of the old town .
Almost , Cáceres has a great offer if someone wants to buy other things like clothes , souvenirs and art .
Pintores street is the commercial place of the city and it has a great selection of shops and restaurants with typical food from Spain .
Garlic is a plant , member of the lily family , with an odor and a taste characteristic .
It is known by Human history at least since 3000 B.C. In many cultures , garlic is associated with superstitions , providing bad or good lucky .
In Ancient Egypt , garlic was used by people for heath purposes .
The slaves , who constructed pyramids , were fed with garlic , because the Egyptians believed that garlic would make the workers stronger , so they could work harder .
In Roman and Greek cultures , people believed in garlic 's magic powers to avoid the Evil .
Even Homer cited garlic in his odyssey .
In Middle Ages , sailors carried garlic with them to endure long periods in the seas .
In more recent years , in the World War I , soldiers used garlic to prevent from gangrene .
At the present time , modern Science is providing some evidence of a real beneficial effect of garlic consumption in human health .
Experiments made with garlic and some types of bacteria , revealed the ability of garlic to kill some kinds of bacteria .
At least 23 different types of bacteria were tested .
Thereby , the bactericidal effect of the garlic , probably can explain some ancients ' beliefs that this plant can help in some illness treatments .
It can explain too , why the use of garlic was a good option to prevent gangrene in WWI .
Another experiment demonstrated a positive effect of garlic in blood system .
It was demonstrated that garlic has a compound that can make the blood " thinner " .
This can be used to prevent heart attack and stroke .
Therefore , include garlic in the diet can really be beneficial for health as some cultures believed .
How many of us today are really into helping the environment .
There are lot of campaigns going on globally .
Is it worth all the time , energy and money in convincing people to be responsible to their environment ?
Yes , indeed !
I recently joined a campaign program in Manila , Philippines dedicated to protecting and preserving our natural resources .
I was very enthusiastic in all the activities not until after that one event .
I found out that the leaders of this organization are not realizing the beliefs and principles they are imparting to the public .
They are not a good representation of their ideals .
I backed off and decided to just continue to do my personal contribution in helping mother earth .
I believe that if we aim for a change , then the change should start with us .
Maybe we can not convince the whole world participate in helping the environment right away , but it can begin with ourselves .
After my awareness of what was happening in our natural resources , I am very glad to have been doing my part .
I am now living an environment - friendly lifestyle since 5 years ago .
Firstly , I cycle everyday to work .
This just did n't save me from too much gasoline expenses , but it also made me physically fit .
Secondly , I turn off the faucet and the switches when not in use .
Thirdly , I segregate my rubbish .
At home I have separate garbage bins for paper , plastic and organic wastes .
Forthly , I am only buying organic products for consumption and keeping a small spice garden at my backyard .
And finally , I am educating my two children about the importance of what I am doing inorder to help our environment .
All in all , I think that helping our environment does n't have to be big time . We should be aware of the fact that mother earth is irreplaceable nor irrevocable .
We have the time now to do what is necessary .
We can begin in ourselves , in our family , in our own homes .
That is a small start , but will eventually reap a huge outcome .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
My name is Juan Farías and I am writing to apply for a course at the Effective Learning School .
To begin with I would like to tell you that I am really interested in the course because I think it would provide me some professional advantages have in my career as a school teacher .
Learning languages is increasingly important in the teaching sector so I want to improve it .
I would be able to spend three months in a intensive course in spring .
Starting in April or May could be right for my schedule .
I reckon my weak points are speaking and listening skills nevertheless I would be also interested in working over writing and grammar points .
Although I am in my late forties I am still very active so I like practising sports , music and going to the cinema as well .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours Sincerely .
Juan Farías
Michael is an American guy , living in and studying in the Netherlands at the Leiden University .
He lives in the Netherlands for about a year .
He had chosen to study Amsterdam because he loves that city , it 's his dream city and he loves canals and the Amsterdam 's lifestyle .
One day he went out with couples of friends , they went to a night club called " Miami beach".They were dancing and having fun and then he saw a beautiful girl and she could n't take her eyes of him , so he decided to go and talk to her .
She was very kind and she was smiling all the time , he offered her a drink and late in the night they went to her house where they spend the night together .
The day after , he woke up with a hangover and realized that he had made love unsafe .
He started to panic and put his clothes on and walked to the door .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
I heard a noise .
i looked back and i noticed that the earth was strange .
Moved by my curiosity i dug up and found a paper which contained a map .
Without a second thought i decided to follow the directions on the puzzling map .
I did nt know what i was going to find at the end of my hunt but this idea made the situation even more exciting .
The directions took me along a path towards a cave and i went into it .
I had been wellprepared and i carried a lantern .
I walked through the darkness and finally i arrived at a stunning lake .
There was a boat by the share and as soon as i went on board it started to move .
A few meters ahead i saw a blinding light and i realized that i was nt alone because i could hear the sound of the music and people talking .
Dazzled by the sun when i opened my eyes i realized that i was in a wonderful funfair .
My relatives and friends had prepared a surprise birthday party that i will never forget .
Dear group leader ,
I am writing in connection with your stay in Cracow .
I know you 're looking for interesting place to visit so I want to offer you place where you can rest , have a lot of fun and spend great time with your group .
I want to recommend the amusement park , one of the most interesting place to visit here .
On the face of it it sounds childishly but I think it 's a good way to spend free time even for adults .
This is a huge amusement park with many attraction for young people looking for excitement .
There are many carousels , go - carts , slides .
There 's also something for someone who do n't like risky play .
I 'm thinking of an aqua park where you can not only swim but also take advantage of SPA , jacuzzi , sauna .
The amusement park and aqua park are located close the centre so you do n't have to go far away .
I hope that you will take advantage of my proposal .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
The picture shows clearly the process of making bank notes .
As is shown in the picture , we can obviously see that four main steps make up the process .
First and formast , the bank notes should be designed and the design includes background colour , artwork and securityissues .
Going forward , it should be the preparation of metal plates .
In this step , skilled machinists is required .
Then print the banknote .
In this stage , pay attention to the colour , special ink and images slightly raised is necessary .
Last but most important step is the ispection .
In this step , the workers should tell the good quality sheets from the band ones .
If the sheets is in good quality , it will be cut into separate notes , packed and
dispatched .
If the sheest is in bad quality , it will be securely destroyed .
There will be a third situation .
When the sheet is partly damaged , it will also be cut into banknotes .
The difference is the good part will be kept while the bad part will be destroyed .
Well , I 'm sorry but , although I studied French when I was young , I have forgotten almost all .
So , I 've tried to translate your French on Google translator and I 've could n't understand what you mean about my English and Google translator . I 'm used to write English and I have an intermediate level .
I use Google translator to find an equivalent word to a Spanish word sometimes .
It is n't easy at all , they 're too different languages , and I prefer to use the software " Grammarly spellchecker " to get some help .
Anyway if you want to know my level I can tell you I 've finished the level B1 .
I will start the level B2 the next course .
I think you do n't know our national team .
There is a new and stunning basketball players generation .
Mirotic , Ibaka , Claver , Marc Gasol ( and his younger brother is all a promise ) Therefore we 'll have Paul Gasol 's brothers at least for ten years more but also , Felipe Reyes , Rudy Fernadez , Sergio Rodriguez , Sergio Llul , Calderón are young still .
I 'm sorry to tell you , but we are going to have an awesome team for a long time still .
About Ricky Rubio :
I think you do n't follow the American news .
You just have to search on Youtube and you 'll find a lot of videos .
He 's improving his game in a spectacular way .
Indeed , his team was almost at the end of the NBA teams whilst they are in the middle position now .
It is n't only that he 's a very good player ( He is :D ) but also , thanks to his style of play , his assists , and points has served as a lever to his team that has improved dramatically .
He began to play as a professional in Spain when he was 14 years old and he began in our national team when he was 17 years old .
His current team is preparing him physically in the gym , his physical form has improved a lot and now is faster , stronger and he 's still 23 years old .
Watching him play is a delight , especially his assists and juggling games while he looks at the opposite direction .
I really enjoy watching him to play a lot .
The " Di roma reataurant " is a restaurant situated in the heart of a small village " Monção " is very popular , between teenagers and adults who love to eat pizza or any other fast food .
As you enter the place you are welcomed by a magnificent setting , a lot of paintings of the city .
Sitting in any table you have a wonderful view of the workshop - like kitchen where you can see the chefs working , so you can see how they make the food that you will eat .
All fast food dishes are home - made .
The chefs take great care in selecting the best quality ingredients .
The restaurant also caters for all tastes by providing a large selection of the best wines of the region , who are very popular around the country .
The service is always great , the clients do n't have to wait a long time until the dish is done , while clients are waiting they always give a Indian food .
The price of the food is very cheap , takin into account the quality .
I had a pleasant dining experience with food of the most exquisite flavours .
For this reason I highly recommend going to Di Roma restaurant .
Hi Jairwoo ,
I recently tried to ask you some questions through your " Ask Me " section in your site , but it said :
However , I 'm Andrea and I 'm from Italy .
I 've followed you for 2 months and I really love your style !
Please can you tell me some websites where I can learn how to style , how to combine clothes and something like that ?
I would like to make my own style but I do n't know where to begin !
whenever I search on Google " men fashion " , I only find stuff for mature men .
The problem is that I 'm only sixteen ... what could I do ?
Thank you so much !
Public transport is not as valorated as it should be although a lot of people uses it every day .
Here are some of my reasons for thinking that public transport is important .
Firstly , it is very good for the environment because it reduces a lot of carbon dioxide gasses which if everybody took the car instead of taking public transport would pollute the atmosphere
Secondly , travelling in public transport makes much easier to travel at rush hours or on those moments in which you should not take the car
Finally , it is a good way of travelling because it is safer than travelling in a car or in a motorbike and also in the way that you are much relaxed than in a car and it saves time too .
To conclude public transport is good for the environment , it makes much easier and cheaper to travel , and it , in some way , saves lives .
For those reasons and some others I think that public transport must be there for many years .
Hello .
I am going to talk about my country .
I live in the capital of Sweden , Stockholm .
A big city with more than one million people .
I live in a little part of stockholm called Danderyd .
Danderyd is n't inside the city .
It 's some kilometers outside of it .
Because Danderyd is n't in the city it 's very much nature and nice people .
So Sweden is located in the north part of Europe .
Between Norway and Finland .
It 's a big country and does n't have many inhibitants .
Around 9 - 10 million people .
It 's one of the biggest countries in Europe if you think about the area Sweden have .
Anyway , about one thousand years ago Sweden , Denmark , Finland and Norway was Vikings .
The Vikings where like pirates that lived in the countries I was talking about one thousand years ago .
They sailed to France and England to plunder .
But they also where the ones that first discovered Greenland , North America and Asia .
The Vikings where feared from most people in Europe but they where also merchants and explorers .
The most people in Sweden are christians .
But because Sweden accept so many people to flee to Sweden from the wars in the northern parts of Africa and the southwest parts of Asia .
The nature in Sweden can be very cold , especially in the northern parts of Sweden .
If you are at the most northern part of Sweden it 's always day in the summer and always night in the winter .
Also when it 's winter you can see something called the northern light .
It 's a strange light in the sky in different colours that is very beautiful .
Some just travel to Sweden just to see it .
In Sweden we have very good education .
Most people go to highschool and unversity .
There are though a problem with jobs .
It 's hard for young people to find jobs in Sweden .
In Sweden we are very proud of a free download able program where you can listen to almost all the music in the world .
It 's called Spotify and have grown super big .
There is also another free program that is called Skype where you can talk to eachother and text eachother totally free !
The gaming community in the world is growing fast and most of the boys that have a computer play games .
In Sweden gaming is really big and there is also one game maker that have made a game called BF or Battle Field .
It have been a great succes and is one of the best games in the world .
We in Sweden are also very proud of our best football player , Zlatan .
He 's one of the best football players in the world and is really popular both in Sweden and in other countries , especially in Europe .
Even though we have a lot to be proud of we need to make a lot of things better .
In Sweden we have a lot of different people from different kultures .
The problem is that there are a lot of swedish people that are razists .
Not the majority of course but there are many razists .
That can be really painfull for those who is n't from Sweden from the beginning .
Or for those who does n't have swedish culture .
Also as I said before we need more jobs .
My home country is Hong Kong , which is a former British colony .
After the handover in 1997 , it becomes a special administrative region of China .
The location of Hong Kong is in Asia , and its location seems to be a bridge between China and worldwide .
Since it is located in a specific area between China and the western , both cultures are also being popular in there .
Despite the land in Hong Kong is just 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 millions citizens are living in there .
From 1980 's , it is developed as an international financial centre and so many global investors have set up their headquarters in there .
Compare with other developed countries , Hong Kong 's economy is stable and competing with Singapore to be the prime leader of the Asia .
For languages , Chinese and English are the main languages which using in Hong Kong .
For the education , every developed country is concerning with the issue .
Hong Kong government has invested lots of capital to develop a better education system for building a knowledge - based society and the better future .
It is providing 12-year free education to every child and they must be educated for at least 9 years .
As mentioned , Hong Kong is a special administrative region of China , those systems and laws are different from Mainland China .
Residents in Hong Kong are enjoying highly - freedom in religion , speech , organizational , activities , going abroad during the life .
Owing to those separated characteristics , actually , Hong Kong can be described as a colourful and brilliant city .
Going places is of paramount importance for people , and going quickly even more ; that 's why I think public transport is not the most efficient way to go places .
The use of public transport takes more time than using the car , which can be considered as a waste of time .
You are dependent on schedules when you use public means of transport , that is to say you can not begin your journey when you want .
You must wait for the right time of departure and you must be at the departure point at due time , which implies getting to that specific place by any other means of transport .
All this makes using the car much convenient due to the fact that not only do you leave when you want , but also straight away from the very door of your own house .
When you go by car you may control your timing , stop at will and if you go with someone else , it may be cheaper : provided the cost of the journey will be the same , no matter how many passengers you take with you ; while on public transport you should pay a ticket for every single rider .
Anyway , to tell you the truth I 'd rather take a train , for instance , it means travelling in a relaxing way , not running risks of accidents , having the chance to read or play " travelling " chess , meeting new people , as in a stage coach but moving faster
Dear Sir / Madam
I am writing in response to your advertisement , which appears in this month 's edition of EnglishAcademy magazine .
As you will see from my enclosed CV , I have worked the last three years as a personal assistant of a director of a well - known international company based in London while I am finishing my part - time degree in Modern Languages ( English - German ) .
Though my mother tongue is Spanish , my English is fluent and I am versatile with different languages .
Throughout my work history and studies I have displayed excellent teamwork and people - oriented skills which I believe are crucial capacities in an administrative position .
As well as I have also work under pressure and meet deadlines without any problem because I am used to be resourceful and manage time efficiently .
In terms of my suitability for reception and administrative roles , I am organized , amiable and helpful .
In addition , I have excellent customer service skills and am highly efficient with the use of computers in a wide variety of applications .
Therefore , I consider myself competent and optimistic to respond to the challenge offered by the post of receptionist in your language school .
I would genuinely welcome the opportunity of an offer to work for your language school .
I have recently moved to York and am available for an immediate start .
Please do not hesitate to contact me for any further information or to arrange a personal meeting .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
I do n't know what I have to say but the only thing that I know is that my English pronunciation is not very good .
I want to improve my English pronunciation skills so I can be able to understand native speakers .
I have an American girlfriend and she is very fluent in English because it is her mother language .
I want is to be fluent so she can understand what I want to tell her .
I want to tell her too many things about my feelings toward her but I do n't know how to say that .
Now I decided to improve my writing skills because once it became improved I would be very happy and I think that my ideas ' expression will be good .
I think that my pronunciation will be good when I can speak for a long period of time and in all life aspects .
So now I have two main purposes .
The first one is to study a lot of Grammer lessons and the second one is to learn how to organize my ideas for a long period of time speaking .
Thank you for sending me the correct form of my writing and I am really appreciate that very much .
His name is Mohamed but he is normally called Franco , an easier name to use in Italy , the Country where he is working .
Mohamed is from Senegal , 33 years old , graduated in education with a master in education for children and people with special needs .
He completed his studies six years ago but since then he was unable to find a proper employment in his Country .
Therefore , he decided to migrate looking for better job opportunities .
After a complex and difficult journey , Mohamed managed to reach the Italian coasts in 2011.Helped by a Senegalese community , he has eventually found a job as a fruit seller in a local market .
Despite his high qualified studies in education , Mohamed had to carry on a job in a completely different field .
The phenomenon of immigration of people from Africa to Europe seeking better opportunities has become common in the last decades .
However , nowadays even in the rich Western Europe , many highly qualified European graduates struggle to find an employment .
This has become a challenging issue that is leading most of them to start the same immigration pattern followed by Mohamed towards other Countries .
Unlike the post - War society , where the European economy was booming , since more than 5 years , Europe is suffering from a profound economic crisis whose major effects are borne by the youths , including the highly qualified graduates .
Such a phenomenon is also worsened by the education curriculum adopted in many schools , which has failed to adapt to the changes brought in the society by globalization .
Schools and job markets are often separated like two different worlds .
Therefore , once graduated , qualified youths find themselves to face both the economic crisis and a hostile job market .
I believe that Governments from different Countries should come together to find appropriate measures to overcome the economic crisis and stop the vicious circle that leads qualified people to be excluded from the job market and , therefore , contribute to worsen the impact of the economic crisis .
My name is Chloé Dubé and I am both Italian and French .
I go cycling and running regularly so I think I could define myself a sportswoman .
I am a passionate reader in particular of thrillers and French poetry .
My passion for travels goes back in years to when I was just a child : As I am a curious person I like tasting new foods and discover new places .
I like to think of myself as a go - getter so I always try to keep myself active .
I am not a class act yet I try to do my best , so if I have to work in a team I am the mover and shaker of the group .
However , as I tend to be set in my ways sometimes I can appear a know - it - all or too pragmatic .
I would like to be part of this project as next year I will have to live at miles of distance from my parents in order to study Medicine .
Therefore I think this experience of three months can offer me a unique chance of growing as a person and better understand if I am actually ready to be 100% independent .
I think this experience is the challenge that I need in order to become more mature and responsible .
I believe that this project is the smartest way to spend my summer .
Indeed following a routine of work would allow me to put my mind in gear and study two or three hours a day .
In addition probably this project is the best chance of really getting to know more about the Baltic Republics .
A couple years ago I have spent a couple weeks in Bright with Ef .
During this period I have shared a room with two Finnish girls in a foster family .
We got on like a house on fire and I still keep several wonderful memories .
Therefore I would be more than willing to share this experience with another student .
As the 6th of September there is going to be the university entry test for Medicine , I will have to flight back to Italy for a couple days .
In my spare time I am the baby - sitter of an adorable boy who is only 6 years old .
Last year I did some graphic designs for the website of a society called SHIPinSPACE .
In addition , last year I participated in a stage at the ASL of Rivoli .
I am going to repeat the experience in March at the local hospital .
Shopping is not always enjoyable .
Is it true ? I agree with this statement .
Why ?
Because , when we decided to go for a shopping and have an idea what we want to buy and it appears that we ca n't find what we want , we are disappointed and frustrated .
Sometimes , shopping - particularly for women - is the best way to ameliorate the mood .
For example when they find what they want , or find something in a smaller size , or just find a trifle and are happy .
Unfortunately , shopping also can bring displeasure .
For example , when we staying at the queue , coming to the cash register and it appears that the price on the label is more expensive .
As we know it , for women shopping is the best way to relax but for men is just a torture .
I think that if there is no public transport in the future , the traffic will be a totally mass !
Because everybody drive their cars and motorcycles on road that the traffic jam will not only be the serious problem to the government but also be the safe problem to citizens .
More vehicle on road that means more car accidents happening .
Therefore , the government need to make a good traffic policy to ensure citizen 's safety and welfare of have privilege of driving on road .
If there is so much vehicle on road , it may cause several problems .
One is that people may stuck in the traffic jam during the rush hours , the second is the more vehicle on road that means the more exhaust would be emitted into the air , the last and the most important is the gas and oil would be depleted .
In a result , I think if traveling only by car is not a wise choice for earth although it is convenient .
But we need to think that there is a better way to protect the earth and human 's environment such as riding bicycle or waiting for environmental - friendly car being invented .
No future for public transport ?
The lifestyle of the people has changed completely in the past 20 years .
Cars are more common on city roads .
Cars Symbolize wealth .
Many people have to travel longer distances to work , and most often their only working tool is the car own .
In addition most of the people are not used to walking on foot even in short distances .
In big cities where people live a more isolated life and always in a hurry .
Even though there are more and more cars on the roads , I do not think this tendency will completely reduce the demand for public transportation for the following reasons :
Traffic jams cause many problems in big cities .
In those cities where the number of the residents is over a million , public transport system is widely used .
One of the most widely used is the subway .
Students often use public transport between cities instead of cars .
There are many people who have experienced a carcrash , or just simply afraid of driving , so they prefer to use public transport system .
Those people who has mental or other serious illness does n't allowed or not able to drive a car , for them public transport system is necessary .
Not to mention that driving a car means you are responsible for your passengers ' life and it is less about convenience even if travelling by car means you do n't need to adjust to other passengers .
I agree with that there is a lower demand for public transport in smaller cities and towns , but it does n't mean it has no future .
I 'm from Ecuador a country surrounded by a great number of natural resources .
We are an underdeveloped country , like other countries says a " third world country " , but I 'm happy about that .
Why ?
, because we see develop countries and the form that they use the resources .
We see what they really are , the underdeveloped countries that they are .
Seeing all of it we will change our future , doing different things that they have done .
Recently my country is starting to develop their resources , our renewable energy as wind , solar , hydropower , geothermal energy .
Nowadays , we really focus on how we can extract this energy , but not in other important things , like the way that we can start to use it , the correct use that we could give them or how we can reuse the energy .
Starting to develop our nation , it is eventually starting an excessive use of energy and hence starting to destroy the environment .
Traditional energies are focus on give to big cities all the resources .
Poor people leave their towns to look for a better live , but if we start to give them enough resources and decrease their migration to the big cities , the need of energy would be decreased .
Also it is a big opportunity to help them .
They need resources to improve their live condition until my country could has the possibility to give them a better live opportunities .
It is difficult to understand a sectoral development where the global interest is big cities , without looking and help the surroundings .
Nowadays my country have started to build a great number of hydroelectric , wind parks and we also starting to think on geothermal energy .
But I think one thing that it is necessary before implementing this type of energies .
All of that require further studies have been done and with that , we could know the feasibility of the projects and the size of them .
Implementation takes time and money , but if the project does not work all of that could be spent in vain .
Sustainability is not about searching for resources and then build large constructions to extract them .
Sustainability is about found the better way to interact with the environment .
It is like to make friendship with nature and knows that what it needs of us and show what we need of it .
Trying to take care of it , extracting only the necessary and trying to cause the least possible damage .
As I said before all of it needs time and a great number of studies .
Starting to interest in alternative energy and try to see forms to use in your native country is the first step .
The implementation of projects not need to be only for spending money .
In a good way implementation of projects helps to improve citizens lifes .
All those little steps help to our nation to build a developed country , friendly with the environment .
I live in one of the most polluted city in India and which is also the capital of India i.e. Delhi .
However , the city has taken various steps and measures to keep it clean and green .
It makes mandatory for the inter - city buses , commercial vehicles and other heavy vehicles to use Compressed Natural Gas ( CNG)instead of diesel .
It encourages people to plant more trees and cutting of them have been made a punishable offence .
Burning of leaves and other waste products have also been made punishable offences .
A large number of huge capacity waste treatment plants have been established to keep the city clean and green .
Recently , for the protection of environment , the Hon'ble National Green Tribunal passed an order banning diesel vehicles of more than 15 years .
Gradually , people of the city are getting cautious with respect to the environment and they are trying best of them to keep it clean and safe .
People are inculcating the habit to dispose garbage at a defined space .
They are conserving rain water using rain water harvesting process .
They are trying to reduce dependency on private vehicles and switching on public transport mode .
They are using more renewable sources of energy rather non - renewable sources of energy .
Installation of solar heater , solar lights , use solar cell watches and driving electric cars are in vogue in the city .
MY FAVOURITE SOAP OPERA .
I really enjoy soap opera I have seen a lot of them , but in my opinion de best one is an English one called fawlty Towers .
It was writing by John Clees and Conni Both and it shows de daily life in a fictious hotel .
There are four main characteres the owner 's hotel a moody man and his bossy wife , and the workers a pleasant maid and a Spanish waiter who does n't speak English .
In every chapter new clients go to this hotel and have a lot of crazy , funny and sarcastic situations , between workers , owners and customers .
Particulary when the owner gives orders at the waiter , this situations became hilarious .
It was a shorter soap opera , only ten chapters , but at the end it seems you know them for a long time .
I recommend it to enjoy .
Its shorters stories have have a funny and relaxed time .
As the technology develops rather rapidly , it 's a world - wide phenomenon now for us to find that large - scale buildings and transport networks are to be built for the sake of human 's economy , which means vast areas of farmland , forest and wetland are on the way of being ruined .
A large number of problems are coming up at present .
Fitst of all , the environment that belongs to both man and wild lives is going to lose balance in the ecosystem .
It indicates that more kinds of species are endagered for they are unable to adapt themselves to the remaining lands .
Then comes the problem of human beings .
Vegetables and other food planting on the farmland will decrease so much that the needs of human may not be meet one day .
Moreover , with the decreasing number of trees and many other plants , carbon dioxide can not be coped with by those natural machines , which will melt the remaining ice in the world .
Thus , the sea level will go up to influence the climate leading to warmer days in the whole world .
As far as I 'm concerned , it 's critical for governments to take mesures to reduce the problems .
Firstly , relevant laws and principles should be put up to forbid extravagent expansion in the natural system .
In addition , supervision of the protecting steps need to be undertanken by the government .
What 's more , the importance of the protection of nature can be emphasized by educating citizens gradually , no matter in campus or in the public places .
Anyway , to key to protect our living environment from being destroyed is to do it by we indivisuals step by step .
Dear Sir ,
I 'm looking for à language centre which prepare students to take a Cambridge exams especially the F.C.E. On reading the newspaper , I 've heard about your classes and your method seems efficient .
So I wonder if I could apply in one of your course .
As I 've been taking a year off , I am available at any time in the week .
I 've been living in Ireland since last August in order to practise my English language but I need to improve my spelling and my writing as well .
I am interested in applying in one to one class in order to study the most efficient I can .
Will you give me more information about it as soon as possible in order to book in quickly .
( how much ?
When can we start ?
How long ?
Etc .. )
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon
yours faithfully ,
Sandrine Verreau
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise !
In front of me stood a Hare Krishna !
I was alone in the office , it was late and I had a lot of work to do and when I heard the sound of the doorbell I felt really upset because I was looking forward to going home .
Anyway , the man was wearing an orange costume , he was surprisingly tall and slim and he was completely bald except for a long black ponytail coming out from the head .
He seemed the most pacific man in the world , so I was n't afraid .
On the contrary , I felt pretty amused when he started dancing , prancing and singing an unknown song .
It was really hard not to burst out laughing in his face !
When he stopped , he gave me a coloured bracelet that it would make me happier .
I was so glad to have had this comic moment that I gave him a little offer and I invited him to come back again !
UNFORGETTABLE FRIEND
I met her in second grade , we were queuing to go to class , that was the moment I saw her .
And how could I have known that she would change my life forever ?
She was different from all the other kids .
She was quiet , but interesting at the same time .
We became friends when we were 8 years old and we visited each other all the time .
At that time , I did n't have many friends , she helped me to overcome my problems and trust myself .
That is why she is so special to me .
We never hid anything from each other .
We are different , but I think that that is a curious thing about friendship .
8 years later she has become my best friend , my lost sister , my complement .
She was hard to find , but impossible to forget .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He forgot he had a doctor 's appointment and he was running late .
He finishes getting ready for his appointment .
Once on the car , he starts to drive like a maniac .
How could he forgot the time of his appointment ?
He still needs to find an ATM to withdrawl some money to pay for his appointment .
Once he finds one he pulls up the car and goes as fast as he can to get some money .
He finally arrives .
She was waiting for him .
Hopefully for the next time he will set up a reminder to avoid this again .
On the other hand , public transport is inconvenient .
It is crowded at rush hour .
Pickpockets can have a field day with all the commotion of rush hour .
Because public transport does not operate 24 hours a day , means people have to follow a schedule .
Furthermore , there are certain forms of transportation , such as trains , that do not travel to the suburbs , so people either have to walk long distances to reach the nearest stop or be dependent on one form of public transport to catch another which can be a great source of stress if there is ever a delay .
When it comes to the issue if Pets can be like our family .
Some people suggest that we have to avoid treating them this way , while the others maintain the opposite view .
As far as I am concerned , the later point of view carries more weight .
I am inclined to believe that pets can be treated as a family members because they are loyal , have souls as well as they are human friends .
First of all , Dogs and cats are a very loyal creatures .
There are many dogs who are loyal and trustworthy than many people in the earth .
Pets can not deceive or lie .
Many dogs for example help their owners and protect them from many dangers .
For illustration , My friend has a dog , one day when they were in his farm .
A snake tried to bite my friend but his dog at the last moment saves him and took that snake away .
That is why I love pets .
He made an action which many other people could not .
For that reason I appreciate my pets as if they are one of my friends .
Secondly , reason for my propensity of treating pets as a family member , is that they have souls .
they feel as if they are humans .
They feel our love towards them and they can exchange this love with us .
While they can not express their emotions in our ordinary ways .
Everyone has to treat them in a kind way .
They will never try to hurt any human being so why people try to hurt them .
Domestic animals are a very sensitive creatures that we have to treat them as our babies .
Another point that is worth mentioning is that pets can be considered as human friends .
We can talk , walk and hangout with them .
Many people can talk with their pets as if they understand them .
One can talk with his dog , cat or any other kind of pets as they are their psychiatrist .
They discuss with them many life events .
For example , I have an old neighbor who lives alone with his cat .
He talks with her and plays with her .
When I see him and ask him how do you do .
He always told me that we are fine referring to him and his cat .
After seeing how this old man lives alone with his cat without suffering from loneliness .
I do not mind or fear living alone anymore as I have my friend which is my cat .
To sum up , as a person reaches adulthood , he needs to decide weather to be a human or not .
He has to choose between treating his pets as a family member or not .
I would argue that treating our pets as our friends is an indication of humanity .
Since they are creatures like us have souls and feelings .
They can take care of us and love us in a very interesting way .
That is why I consider my cat my faithful friend .
Hello Paul ,
It 's such a long time since we talked last time .
It was in Martin 's party where there was amazing music and lots of people .
Do you remember ?
I haven't heard anything about you since then .
What have you been up to ? I ' ve just started a new job in an important French business .
I 'm delighted although the weather is awful .
I think the rain will stop when pigs fly .
The city where I live is nice with gardens and what 's more , a huge lake .
I used to go running there .
I would like to see you soon .
Are you still in Barcelona ? We can meet up next month because I will have holidays .
Give my regards to your family .
Bye
Javier
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to you with the reference to your advertisement which I saw in the " Daily News " .
I am sixteen years of age , pursuing a degree of Intermediate at Imperial College , assiduous to work .
I really find this job useful for me as I have a heart to be with children and want to earn for myself .
I would love to arrange fun activities for children .
I have gained some experience of working with children while baby - sitting of my cousins the previous year .
I used to cook , took them out and played a lot .
I am a fluent English speaker as I had a chance to pass my childhood at Kent .
Moreover , I got a diploma of English reading and writing skills .
I would feel relieved if you would let me know about the commencement of the program as I can travel in this month and the salary offered per week .
Please do not resist contacting me if any further information is required .
I am looking forward to your response .
Yours faithfully ,
Amina Safar
A SEAWEED : OUR FUTUR
I felt nervous when the phone rang .
I was waiting for the answer .
I was beginning to work in a research center about Energy .
My work was very interesting and exciting .
Unfortunately , my scholarship was ending and I was thinking about backing home .
I liked a lot my project and I wanted to follow in it but my project manager was worried .
He was looking for funds to keep our team .
We were five people .
I picked up the phone .
It was my boss , he told me : " Go ahead ! , the project follows ! " .
I hung up the phone and I go out to celebrate the moment with my colleagues .
We felt very happy .
Thanks for a crowd funding campaign , we obtained the mininum funds to develop our innovate work .
We found a group of algae which store energy cleanly .
We only needed a water tank and the Sun .
The energy of the Sun was the food for the seaweeds and they stored it in their cells .
Unforturnately , the process only gone on twelve hours .
Our goal was increasing the storage capacity in several days .
We built a pilot plant to test our investigations in the laboratory .
The public administration helped us when we showed our solutions .
Nowadays , our team have grown up and we are thirty people .
We are going to build an industrial plant to achieve our dream : storing renewable energies without using toxic materials and mining commodities from the Earth .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He realized that he had forgotten to finish his homework ; therefore , he ran back home quickly , and start finishing his homework .
While Peter is doing his homework , his best friend - Tommy , invited Peter to play football together at night .
However , Peter decided to reject Tommy 's invitation , and continue to do his homework .
Ten minutes later , he felt bored and wanted to play some video games , but he had lots of homework to be done .
He was frustrated .
After that , he took a deep breath on his bed and made his final decision : he decided to keep on do his homework and project .
On the next day , he handed in his homework to his teacher and he got the highest mark in his class .
In this story , we can learn that strength of will is important for us to do something important in our daily life .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She was about to start an important trip , an essential change on his life .
Maybe the day itself would n't be extraordinary , but , for sure , she will remember it all her life .
In the near future , she will explain this day to her friends in a pub , probably her new friends .
Not everyday you leave your country without knowing when and why you will come back .
Anna woke up at half past nine when the clock rang .
The first she saw was a perfectly packed suitcase near her bed .
The day before all the clothes which were inside the luggage had been classified on the bed : trousers , spring t - shirts , nightdresses and so on .
She sighed and went to have a shower .
She was doing all the routine activities automatically , thinking in her next journey .
She had lived abroad several times but she never has gone without knowing her return .
On that moment , Spain was an unfair country .
She was trying to find a job for a year but she was n't lucky at all .
She was graduated , had even studied a Master and she had nothing to lose .
She was brave and intelligent , so she was going to start a new life with new opportunities in a different and fairer country .
Her parents went to see her off at the airport .
They were crying .
It was not easy to leave a daughter go on her own .
However , they knew that it was the best for her .
Good luck , Anna .
Nowadays , many people dream of being famous .
They think that big - name has marvellous life with no problems , no duties , or worries .
They think that this group of people has just a better life and things are going very well .
But people should realized , that there are many advantages and disadvantages of being celebrities .
As far as I 'm concerned , there are more disadvantages .
Basically , famous figure has no privacy .
They ca n't go to the cinema , or theatre , or just go for a walk without being recognised .
No matter where famous person goes , he must realized , that next day he will be on first page newspepers with lots of rumours .
Celebrities do n't have an easy life .
I think they have no life at all .
Beacuse , what is proper in living when journalist following every step the famous person takes ?
We all are free people and everone deserve to have his own life .
In my opinion journalist and other people should accepted and respected it and sometimes they should just let go .
Nevertheless , celebrities decided on that kind of life .
They made that decision on their own .
So , I think , that they must have known about the consequences and just live as they like .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I have seen the advertisement of the vacancy in your cafe in the local newspaper and would like to apply for this position .
My name is Mike Hennings .
I am 22-years old part - time student of the local University .
I have had two previous places of employment .
First was in the bar , owned by my uncle , and the second - in a local restaurant named " Dragon " ( Chinese cuisine ) .
I am an accurate , punctual and trustworthy person .
My employers have never complained of my services .
I resigned from my last employment because the restaurant had been closed for a long refurbishment .
I am able to work from 9 am til 2 pm every weekday .
I am also ready to work longer shifts on Wednesdays , and on Fridays and Saturdays can work extra time .
If you need any references , I can request them from the University Student Center and from my last employer . I am ready to start my work next week .
My mobile number is 0789999999 .
I am available from 10 am till 17 pm .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Sincerely yours ,
Mike Hennings
Colosseum is the most famous and biggest building of the Ancient Rome and it is also the biggest amphitheater in the World .
The name of this construction is related to two reasons : one reason is related at the dimensions of the building , the second reason is because near there is a bronze statue .
In 1990 the Colosseum was put into the list of the heritage of humanity UNESCO while in 2007 it was included among the new Seven Wonders of the World .
The arena could hold about 70000 seats and the arena was about 75 x 46 meters and about 50 meters high .
It was built between 70 and 74 a .
C.
And it was inaugurated in 80 a .
C.
The name Colosseum spread only in the Middle Ages , in Ancient times it was used for gladiators shows and for other public shows .
Three Roman emperors built totally the Colosseum and they were Vespasian , Titus and Domitian .
The Colosse was often restored because it was often in difficult situations .
Finally I can say that the Colosseum it 's a fantastic construction as for beauty as for importance and if a tourist came in Italy for the first time he should see the Colosseum
dear Sir ,
I am writing with reference to the evening art course that I started last night .
I wish to express my dissastifaction with this course .
The first lesson was about painting , but because of the lack of equipment , we could not painting .
There were not enough brushes and colours for all the students .
perphaps because we were too many people and also , the more people we are , the more space we need and the room was too small .
We felt hot and he had not any refeshment facilities .
Never have I seen such a lack of organization .
When we complained to the course teacher , we were told that things do not depend on him .
He was not helpful and unpolite .
It was the first class , but as a teacher he could have had other behaviour .
I would like to learn in this art course , but you should solve the problems or improve them .
I look forward to hearing your views on this matter .
Yours faithfully ,
Ines Solorio
My perfect hotel would be near to the beach , in the Mediterranean coast , because in this area there are many tourists .
The hotel would be luxorius but everybody could come because the prices would be low , so the hotel would be always full , I think that many people want to go to a luxorius hotel but they ca n't .
The hotel would have many services and facilities like a good reception , spa , wifi conection and pay TV in the rooms , a great chef who did the dishes of the mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bar in the beach and a boat for trips around the mediterranean sea .
I would like to hear the point of vieuw of tourists to improve the hotel .
This is the hotel of my dreams , but the most important is that the people were happy in their accommodation , if they are happy they will return next year .
One day a friend of mine was going to an amatuer theatre to see a musical and asked me if I would fancy joining her ; I am not fond of musicals , even though I went .
The peformance turned out to be pleasing , with a lot of witty jokes .
The acting was surprisingly emotional , but a bit wooden .
After the show I was introdused to one of the actors , who was my friend 's cousin .
I wandered if he was planning to enter any drama school .
His answer astonished me ; he did not want to become a professional actor .
Moreover , he found being famous extremely irritating .
I , like most people , took for granted that celebrities not only seek fame , but also benefit from it .
They experience gracious living , enjoy glitzy parties and admire their photos in glossy magazines .
Anyway , it is only one side - What do we know about the flipside of fame ?
Do we often think what it means to live under constant public scrutiny ?
Every mistake the famous make is charged against them .
They can do nothing that could n't be gossipped about .
They are even not allowed to have anything for their own .
Paparazzoes make public their day - to - day routine , hobbies and passions .
When it turns out that all who we got used to idolise are just people with their shortcomings , we become disappointed .
We watch mercilessly how celebrities topple from their thrones and even find pleasure in that .
People , it does n't matter if they are famous or not , are just people .
Nobody is perfect .
Why do n't we want to give people entertaning us a chance to be themselves and to have a really private life ?
Hello Beatriz ,
I love MASTERCHEF .
It 's one of the best tv cooking programme that I have ever seen and I absolutely agree with you when you say that this programme promotes the individual and collective work .
I have a friend who went to MASTERCHEF and he taught to the amateur cooks how to make bread .
He is a famous artisan baker who lives in my town .
He told me that it was an exciting experience .
I think that you give us a lot of information about the programme , and your opinion about it is very interesting .
I really like your review ! !
It all began a rainy morning of July , school 's out for 10 days and as a results of bad grades at school , Michael is forced to pass the summer with his hateful and rich cousins .
They are more beautiful and popular than he , all girls are in love with their and all boys would pay to participate in their parties , including Michael and their friends , who were always excluded .
" I would say stop the arrogance by my cousins " said Michael to your friend and thought to steal the keys of one of their millionar house and take a party with his friend .
In the end , the party turned out a success , for Michael was the beginning of his popularity .
But the house was destroyed and the neighborhood furred for the confusion caused during the night had called the police that without his knowledge waiting outside the house Micheal to take him to the police station .
After everything that had happened Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he had made a mistake
Dear Peter .
I 'm very glad to inform you that I will be your college at the next six months .
I 'll have plenty of time to do what I want , however I would like to spend my time in the right things .
Can you help me ?
First of all , the first two months , I would like to find an English academy .
Improving my English language it 's the best way to apply for a job .
I 've just finished my teacher degree and I have experience in schools , could you send me any webpage where I can find more information about how to apply for a job in the UK ?
I think that it could be a great opportunity to improve my English skills and learn lots of things about the UK culture .
I 've copied my CV at the end of the letter and if you know somewhere where they need a native Spanish speaker , please , contact me .
I would like to save some money , and at the end of my UK experience , spend my time travelling around your country .
Is it interesting ?
Could you tell me the most important attractions around your city ?
Send me some tourist information if you have .
If you have days off I hope we can meet at the road and join me .
Have a nice weekend . Best wishes
Guillermo
Think about your family , is it important to you ?
It should be because it helped you to be what you are today !
As I am 13 year younger than my brother , our parents stay more time with me than with him .
While he is already working and sharing a house with is wife and his daughter , I need mom and dad to live .
Now I have them almost just for me .
In a family , responsibilities increase with age . I have some , not a lot .
Sometimes I have to take care of my little cousins or my neace , clean my bedroom , not much .
Nowadays Environmental issues have become a great concern for scientist as the problem is growing .
However , layman people seem not to worry about the issue very much .
What can people do every day to help the environment ?
People are not aware that a small change in their lives is of great help .
Water and electricity are wasted day after day , while a little change in people 's habits can make a difference .
Transport has always been a mayor problem .
If the bus was taken more often , instead of going by car , it would be of great help .
Peolpe have never taken into account that fact .
Another mayor problem is lack of recycling .
If people recycles , rubbish will be given a second use , and rubbish dumps will be shrunk .
All in all it seems that if such tiny changes are made , a huge help to save natural resourse will be done .
decorated with a phrasal verbs
first you must explode the old one and clean up the mess of the exploding , second , paint the wall by yourself with a black color until you pick up some of the painting skills , or you can use the wallpaper it 's very trendy and easy to put on the wall , the third step is " of course " you 'll go to buy the furniture from Damietta , here is some tips you can take it , if you are a single ! then you can buy a big purple cozy sofa with many colorful pillows to throw it out all over the place , but if you are a married !
then let your wife makes the decision , finally , if you are broke up recently , then do n't do anything , just light up your cigarette and hang out with your xx - girl friend ,
okay , let us back to the decoration ,
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She just felt it under her skin .
She always believed in such premonition .
Even though she had forgotten to turn on her alarm clock , she woke up at 7 sharp as she wanted the day before .
The weather outside the window were totally different .
The sun was shining and birds were singing .
She made herself a cup of a very aromatic coffee and she did n't even burn toasts as usual !
She thought that this day would n't be ordinary .
Suddenly , she looked at the calendar on the fridge and realized that today 's her birthday .
Moreover , the next day her party is held .
She quickly packed her hand bag and ran out for a bus to university .
At classes everyone was very kind for her .
Peter brought her favourite chocolate and Kate made a special birthday card with a poem .
Anna got the best mark in the group from the previous test .
The last lecture was cancelled , so she was able to go shopping with her friends .
After some hours in a shopping centre girls were very content .
When Anna came back home , she saw a huge bunch of red roses and behind it Mark was sitting .
She started to shout and cry , because she was very happy that her fiance came from abroad one week earlier than he planned .
What a surprise !
That was the most lucky day from Anna'a life .
Many people choose to go travelling to relax .
Going travelling , people may scheduled various destination and time .
People may want to discover different places in a city , town , even in an alley .
According to the above reasons , car travelling will be the best choice .
Unlike public transportation , there is no limit in your way , no fixed timetable by car travelling .
You can start your journey at any moment , any time .
You do n't have to wait until public transport arriving .
As good as your car is , you can go anywhere you want with your car , no matter which mountain , beach , or city is .
Car travelling makes people feel free during the journey .
There is no need to sit with strangers who may cause in an awkward situation .
You can travel alone .
You can also travel with your pet .
Most of the time , pet is not allowed to be in a public transportation , which not a good thing for a pet owner .
Above all , car travelling is not only convenient but also free in your journey which leads public transportation into a fading future .
The conception of beauty has changed since people started thinking they need to be thin to become pretty .
Sandrine has been a model for five years so far .
She has always looked for perfection .
Also , she admitted she would do anything to have a perfect body .
However , she never imagined how dangerous this job could be .
Since Sandrine became a model , she has changed her diet .
It has been three years now since she stopped having lunch .
Sandrine always skips it because she thinks it is unnecessary if she wants to be thin .
Today , Sandrine fainted up during a runway .
People were very worried about her .
Doctors said she has become an anorexic .
Sandrine realized modeling was a dangerous job , because it can make you change your mind about your own body and diets , and you could easily become ill without even knowing it .
Nowadays , It is painful that not too many people realize how degrading and dangerous this job could actually become .
I had never felt so nervous when about six months ago I decided finally to join the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) exam .
The exam is organized by Cambridge ESOL and it takes place twice a year .
Because I had decided to take my exam in June , it was absolutely necessary to join an English preparation course as soon as possible .
If I would like to pass the exam , I had to improve my English skills .
So , I had started to learn English very frequently and pretty hard .
I had been learning English for the last six months .
I had studied English at least two hours a day and longer .
Very soon I had recognized that the process of learning was not easy as I fought .
I had a lot of things to improve , such as writing and reading skills .
Moreover , I had many problems with the English grammar .
It was pretty sure that a lot of work had been waiting for me ahead .
But I am really lucky person . I had found a good teacher who supported me all the time . I also had some colleagues who had the same aims as mine .
We had been meeting for learning frequently .
We had organized some additional exercises , such as English movies night , a one day trip to London , and a book discussion about English writers and poets .
Because we did n't live in any English native country , we had tried as much as possible to create an English speaking environment .
Today it is a big day for me and my colleagues .
Finally , we take the FCE exam .
I hope we will pass it , because we did our best .
I want to be an expert in such areas as drilling , exploitation and development of oilfield , that is why I want to get a master degree abroad , or PhD at my university .
I think I have sufficient background , my GPA is good enough .
Beyond that throughout my university education , I have been a participant of scientific conferences and I took pains to practically assimilate everything I had learnt during my study .
For example , I have successfully completed « Offshore Drilling » course of « Total » Professors Association and I mean to broaden my outlook in the future .
Hi , dear Isabel !
As you know I just moved too a new town .
I love it here in Spain .
The town is not to big but still not to small .
I have already met many new kind people .
I think I will really like it here .
Of course I miss you and all of my friends back in Sweden , but I will visit you guys soon !
Here are lots of tings to do , you can swim , go on a road trip , visit the zoo and go for a walk .
The main attraction here is absulotely the beach .
It 's a nice beach with white sand and blue wather .
I Love the beach , because I can swim , go tanning , and dive in to the ocean and ser all kind of fish .
I hope everything is great back in Sweden , see you soon !
Hi David
How are you ?
Have you read any good magazine recently ? I 've just bought a new magazine called coolclub , which only started a week ago .
Inside , there are really great photos and lots of articles about all our favourite singers and bands .
There 's going to be a competitions for a month , whit excellent prizes .
The magazine also has a letters page and they pay $ 25 for the most interesting letter or email .
I think I 'll try to write something funny , to win $ 25 .
Perphas I 'll describe our journey by boat round the island .
Do you remember ?
You were taking a photo of me and I suddenly fell in the sea !
I 've always laughed so much !
Write and tell me about the magazines you enjoy reading .
With love from Dimitri .
To : The organiser
From : Joonas Åberg
Subject : Opinion on what young poeple are interested
Date : 27.10.2015
Here is the report you asked for about my opinion ,
what young people are interested in today .
First of all , our generation youth people are more
open - minded and toreant in my opinion .
Music style and
clothes wearing changes very quickly .
Television series
or movies do not really change , young people watch old
shows and new ones by turns , so I can not say what TV
programmes young people like to watch .
Now , young people like different kind of music , I think
pop and disco music is something all young people like .
Because this kind of music connects them on party .
It soothes them , calms them , aggravates them , excites them .
That is why music is very import thing about this festival .
Clothes theme is harder like I said before , because fashion
changes swiftly .
Clothes need to be open and free , simple enough .
We all want to feel good what we wear , I recommend hipi style
clothes , not too hipi , but something comfortable .
Of course
it depends what season your doing the festival .
When autumn , winter
time then I suggest some other style , it has to be comfotable but
fashion enough .
Maybe colorful and cool blankets when someone gets
cold .
All in all , I think those tips help you and I hope you will
give those people one good international festival .
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
With reference to your recent ad about weekend cafe work , I am interested to apply .
My name is Amy . I am a full - time housewife and looking for part - time work at weekends near my home .
I have been a full - time housewife for about ten years since my kids was born .
Cooking is part of my daily work , which is also one of my hobbies .
I enjoy cooking and interested in different kinds of food , especially Asian cuisine .
I had expenience in cooking food and reception for parties / functions as I was a member of the School Parent Association of my kid 's school .
As a member , during many occasions such as Christmas Party and School Open Day , I had opportunities to learn different kinds of food from other members as well as providing reception duties .
I really enjoyed answering parents ' enquires and introducing our school to them .
These are invalunable and relevant experience to the job I applied for .
Also , I am availalbe to work for long hours at weekends .
It would be grateful if I could be selected for interview .
My mobile no . is 1234567 .
I look forward to receiving your reply .
Yours sincerely ,
Amy King
Whether movies and TV programs made in our own country are more interesting than movies and programs made in other countries has been widely discussed .
Many people are of the opinion that domestic movies and TV programs are better than foreign ones .
However , I strongly assert that movies and TV programs made in other countries are better for the following reasons .
To begin with , foreign movies and TV programs are more stimulating .
To elaborate , their story are better as there are more twists and turns in plots .
Although the plots full of turns , they still very reasonable , and not make their audience felt that the plots are very strange .
Moreover , the special effect are better because foreign movies usually cost much more money than native to make .
For example , the first one 3 dimensional movie , Avatar , the movie maker spend a lot of energy and time on developing the novel movie genre .
It eventually made very good impression on its audience , and the most important for a commercial movie , it really did very well at the box office .
Additionally , people can learn more things from foreign TV programs and movies .
Watching foreign TV programs and movies , their viewers can learn not only foreign language but also exotic cultures .
Furthermore , foreign TV are more international and educational .
For instance , we can know many foreign news from watching CNN .
The news in CNN including events which are happening all over the world .
What 's more , the National Geographic and Discovery also teach me a lot of information and knowledge which I ca n't learn from native programs .
In contrast , some people consider that domestic films are more familiar than foreign ones .
They do not want to learn so much becuase they just watch movies for fun .
There is some truth in the claims that watching movies and TV programs is a relaxed activity .
However , I still consider that if people can learn some foreign culture , or appreciate the spirits which foreign films contain , they could get more reflection as recreating .
Plus , watching foreign programs also could attain the goal of those people-- relaxation .
In sum , although there are some dissenting views , one can still safely come to the conclusion that foreign films and TV programs are more interesting than domestic movies and TV programs .
Although movies in our own country are more popular than past , the foreign movies still play important role on domestic movie goer 's mind
With an intense passion in fashion , I aspire to become a professional product merchandiser in the apparel industry and initiate myown branding business with my older sister and her husband .
Both of whom have more than five years of experience in marketing planning and own a large number of fabric sources .
Therefore , I plan to maximize my previous experience with knowledge of psychology , skill of product development design to pursue graduate studies , and build up my ability in the Master of Fine Arts program in Fashion merchandising at Academy of Art University .
It is said that the main objective of telelevision is entrentein people and make their free time happier .
However , television should n't be used only for this purpose for different reasons .
On the one hand , most people have , at least , one television in their homes , so it is very accessible to everyone .
For this reason , instead of entertaining , television should contain educative programmes .
Nowadays , children spend more time at home than before .
They are used to manage different technologies as television or computer .
I think that children ca n't be supervised for their parents all the time because they have to work and make home tasks .
For this reason is important for them having a good educative programme on television .
I ' am not saying that television has to educate our children , but it has to offer programmes which make them revise essential things as numbers or letters .
Television is very important to give language skills to children .
When I was young I used to watch television every afternoon to learn interesting things as geography or maths and it helped me a lot .
Television allowed me to learn how to speak Catalan correctly and it also gave me a good conversation issue to talk with friends .
Food passion !
I like very much to eat , when I can , in the pub near my house .
In this place " Stella d'oro " the owners prepare delicious rolls .
In particular every week you can find " Il panino più " , a special roll created by the fancy of the cook .
Of course I prefer to go to this pub with my family or with my friends , especially if I have to celebrate something , for example birthdays , anniversaries or something else .
I remember , when one of my daughters celebrated her eighteenth birthday , the pub 's owner put the number eighteen , made by cheese on the roll , with a little candle .
When I go there I also drink a good mixed beer : half light beer and half red beer with of a good flavor .
Of course with the roll we also order a lot of chips .
If we are all that we are still hungry we order cakes .
They have many different cakes : profiterol , meringata , tiramisù and so on .
Of course if the six of us go together is quite expensive , but if I go only with my husband I do n't spend so much .
I suggest everyone go to this place because not only is the food good but also the owners are very friendly .
The only problem is to find parking space because this pub is in a narrow road where it is not easy to find space to park the car .
But if you are lucky you can park .
Some people say that shopping is not always enjoyable .
Of course , spending hours in the shopping mall may be tiring .
But it can be also really relaxing and pleasant .
It is said that only men hate to go shopping .
Especially with their mothers , girlfriends or wives .
But also women think that shopping can be an unpleasant experience .
Particularly when we talk about everyday running from shop to shop to buy lettuce , meat or a tooth paste .
It can be really frustriting .
But when we think about going to the shopping centre with our friends it can be fun . We do n't even have to have money , because we can just go and do windowshopping .
Without spending money , we can get inspired by new collections or people that we see in the city .
I can understand people who say that shopping is boring .
Especially when we go from shop to shop but we ca n't find anything interesting .
And I do n't even want to think about the situation when we really need to buy something because of the coming pmor wedding .
But we can do online shopping , which seems to be easier sometimes .
It is a good for people who do n't want to leave their homes or they just do n't like the crowded shops .
We need shopping .
Even if we do n't have to do daily shopping because of our mother or somebody else , someday we will have to go out and buy something .
We also sometimes just need to get new clothes .
Generally , shopping can be seen as enjoyable experience or just a usual need in order to survive .
A most famous person from my country is Mr. John Stefferson , who worsks in a department store and always planning how to make people life more comfortable and better .
He deserves to be famous because he has his own charity and helps to poor families with little children .
Sometimes I lisen to the radio and hear his comments about some global problems in my own country and some suggests about how to make our life better .
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise .
There was a little cardboard box with my name on the top .
I picked it up from the ground .
I was just about to close the door , when I heard mum from the kitchen : " Who was it , Bryan ? "
" What is it ? " she asked .
I had absolutely no idea .
I started to open it very carefully .
There was a ticket for my favourite music band .
They had a concert that evening in New York .
I talked about it with mum . "
Should I go if I do n't know , who send this to me ? "
She was surprisingly open to thought that I could try it at least .
It was n't common from her side .
So I did it .
I was sitting and waiting in a concert hall .
The seats next to me were still empty .
When it happened .
In the middle of a crowd was standing my mum with my dad , who had just returned from the war .
I were absolutely excited .
It was the best night of my life .
UNEXPECTED VISIT
The door bell rang .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise ...
There was she , staying front me .
I thought I was dreaming first .
What the hell she was doing here !
How dare she could come to my door!There was no words to express my feelings ...
She 'd stolen my fiancee many years ago .
We 'd been preparing to get married .
I'd been in my country for a while since I need to apply a visa for living in his country .
Suddenly , he 'd cut the connection between us .
I could n't get in touch with him whatever I 'd done .
Every way I 'd tried was useless .
He 'd set walls between us .
After a while , I 'd seen a picture on his facebook page .
It was an angagement ring !
The congratulations words below the picture was explaining everything : He've got married to someone else !
I could n't believe my eyes !
How come he 'd done that to me !
What happened all those words he 'd given to me !
Asking him was useless .
All the answer I could take was a huge silence ...
I managed to keep calm though there was thunder inside my heart .
But I could n't speak anyway .
Just looked her with asking eyes .
" He 's died . " she said as if she was whispering .
Her voice was weak and shaky .
" I 'd found this in his office . "
Then handed me a box and walked away .
Nothing more ...
Now , after all those long years have gone by with full of pain , disappointments , missing and regrets ; all I have was the memories which saved by him into a little wooden box .
I 've never got the reason made him leave me although all his love for me , unfortunately ...
People argue that today 's television is a load of rubbish , the quality of many programs is absolutely questionable and in many cases the language is vulgar .
Reasons why television has inherited this reputation are several .
First of all , the many repeats of all programs like serials or films do not motivate people to watch it .
Then , the large number of entertainment programs broadcasted discourage those who want more cultural or factual programs , as they have been drastically reduced .
It seems a result of the fact that , after a long day , people prefer to unwind in front of the television , watching " entertainment programs " rather then news or what 's up in the World .
Moreover , on television there are a lot of advertising constantly interrupting the broadcast , and of course this fact is very unpleasant .
Despite all these facts , it is without doubt that television has changed our lives .
There are also positive things that we have to take into consideration before to condemn it .
For example , the wider choose of programs from all over the World , allow us to discover new cultures , new languages and new societies without travelling , and this enhance our knowledge .
In addition to that , the cost of the television as an entertainment form compared to the cinema , the theatre or Opera is cheaper and affordable by everyone .
Also , it is very important to remember that we have always the possibility to choose what we want to watch and when .
To sum - up , I think television is a very good value for money , the point is being able to choose what we want to watch .
Famous people are exposed to criticism and public opinion , but what does it mean ?
Firstly , there are two kinds of famous people : those who want to have a private life and who do n't want everybody knowing each aspect of their lives and those who sell certain parts of their lives in magazines , journals or TV programmes or their entire private life .
Secondly , taking this into account , I think that everybody has the right of having a private life and the right of living without journalists following them to everywhere .
It 's true that their lives are too much exposed and they can not have a normal life .
Of course , they can control that by complaining in a trial .
Thirdly , in my opinion they have the right also of selling only the parts of their lives they want .
But in contrast , there is the problem of when they should stop , and journalists continue selling information or pictures and it could arrive an embarrassing moment and if you have sold a kind of things like this before you ca n't say nothing .
To summarize , I believe that everybody deserve to have a private life .
When it does n't occur , they have to go to trials .
Dear Jo ,
It is absolutely rewarding to receive good news from an old friend who has been absent of my life for so long time .
I would be completely happy to provide you with some accommodation while you stay in my country .
I am currently working at a place where I am getting a great wage so I have the possibility to accompany you on your journey .
We might go to the most representative places of Mexico such as : Templo mayor , Cancún , Acapulco , among many others .
In mexico , a foreign person do not face difficulties to be hired by a company . I would be pleased to help you with this part of your experience in my contry . I know that you are someone who loves animals ,
perhaps we can go to the city zoo in order to verify wheter there are any vacancies that fit with you .
Something I can do is to make some research about the places that need people who speak Englsih fluently .
As you know , in this country if you are someone who speaks more than 1 language , you have the chances to obtain a great job .
Please let me know if you need something extra while you are here .
Maybe a special diet , special clothes or any kind of thing you might need that will not be easy to find here .
Best regards ,
Luis
I played wrestling at the College .
This was during my first year at the College .
This sport is performed in a group of twos .
It is performed one after the other according to their age groups .
Wrestling is new sport , which is unknown to many of my colleagues at the College .
It is played by both boys and girls .
Wrestling is performed during the night time when the moon light is on .
Wrestling is contested by two people while others wait for their turns respectively .
It starts with a drumming and singing by young girls of the community .
This were all the beautiful girl are shown to the young men of the community .
It is another method of admiring girls .
Wrestling is both interesting and entertaining sport .
Traditionally , we provide a firewood as a means of light at night for the sport .
It takes place in the middle of the village where there are enough space for the spectators .
Before the contest starts .
Referee advise players about the rules of the game .
As such , referee explains the rules of the game through their captains i.e. Health and Safety .
The game starts with dancing and singing .
Refreshments are on sale at a discounted price to visiting team .
This is a sport performed by young people only .
The rationale for the College are : to educate the student about our culture , ritual , values and out ways of life in the village .
First of all I lived in London for three weeks in 2012 .
I am a teacher in a High School and the authorities in my country let me stay there , improving my English .
I would like to say that learning any languages is complicated to someone , whatever you come from , but in my opinion there are many matter to discuss .
A good ilustration of this would be children .
One child whose parents come from different countries is able to learn two languages at the same time , this child does n't need to go abroad to learn a foreign language , but they are listening to their parents speaking English their native language all the time and this let them learn without any difficulty .
On the other hand , if you go abroad you will be able to improve your English in anglophone country , in this case , your knowledge will be reinforced with your stay there .
To sum up , if you want to learn English you do n't need to go abroad , you can improve your English working hard inside your own country , for example , doing exercises like listening and writing or you can meet with native people who speak English to practise with them .
But if you have one opportunity to go abroad , this would be so good for you and your English .
After my graduation , I was employed by AECOM Asia Ltd Co. as a graduate engineer since September 2013 .
I was assigned to work on project of the CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd under agreement of Term Geotechnical Consultancies .
I assisted the project engineer in Engineer Inspection for Maintenance .
Regular maintenance is essential for all man - made slopes to avoid deterioration .
We are working on those slopes near power station or pylon .
The maintenance responsibility of those slopes belongs to the CLP Power Hong Kong Ltd.
Before inspection , I need to take the course which is conducted by CLPP for the access permit .
The course is mainly on workplace safety within power station .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
my name is Eleonora Palerma , I am 17 years old and I live in a city in northern Italy called Seregno .
I am writing to apply for the job of summer camp assistant which I saw advertised in the " Daily mail " .
Apart from studying at the high school " Marie Curie " of Meda , I sing in a choir as a soprano and my director would be pleased to speak for me if you would like to contact him to get further information .
I am keen on sports , especially volleyball , which I started playing at an early age , and I suppose I would be able to teach them how to play it and to organise a tournament .
I think I would be a suitable candidate for the job because I am used to looking after my neighbours ' children and I have recently attended a course about first aid so I would be ready to medicate children in case they get injured .
In addition to my native language I can speak German as well as English in fact I am attending a first certificate course now and last year I spent 2 months in Berlin , my german teacher would be happy to receive your call to tell you more about my language experiences .
If it is necessary I would be willing to come for an interview at any time .
I hope you will consider my application .
Yours faithfully ,
Eleonora Palerma
these are the references Mr Zandonella at 334 123456 and Mrs Malvicini at 3dG1QIup9c@libero.it
they are more than willing to reply to your requests .
In my opinion , the home of the future wo n't change much .
It still has to have the same elements like : roof , walls , floor , ceiling , basement , loft , door or windows .
Construction will be ameliorated .
However a sweeping appearance wo n't be different .
Although , I think , that all the systems , which work in homes ( electricity , gas , heating system , water , etc . ) will be upgraded .
New technologies are going to seize architecture .
Though , it will affect on the environment in a good way .
I think , that the home of the future will be huge , but single - storey .
For one thing - convenience .
Nobody likes stairs and lifts .
The next thing is big windows .
It is the most important element in the home of the future .
Huge , bulletproof windows are my biggest dream . I could n't live without them .
Except that , every room will be full of interactive gadgets .
Owing to that people wo n't need to meet and talk .
Roger Okeefe 83 years old is being referred to your care for further assistance .
He is now recovering from Malignant Melanoma left shoulder .
He has been admitted into our care on 16/03/07 and underwent a surgery .
Since his discharged from the hospital we have been doing our daily home visit and wound dressing and also assisting him with his showering .
Mr keefe 's general condition has been improved .
His wound is healing well and is free from complication .
Mr keffe , who lives with his wife in a housing commision home , is an age pensioner and no children .
On observation they are getting some help from their neighbors , however they are having problem keeping up their household routine .
As per the doctor 's order we have organized daily home visit until 4/7/08 after which our nursing care will end .
Therefore , it would be greatly appreciated if you can organize a home visit and provide further assisstance for this family .
Should you have any question please do not hesitate to contact me .
Yours sincerely ,
Melody Varela
Dear students ,
Welcome in the city of Hasselt .
I wish you a wonderful time in my hometown .
Hasselt offers a wide range of interesting activities and has a lot of places of interest .
What you really can not miss is the big shopping street .
Hasselt is famous for its great shopping accommodation .
You will find all different types of shops .
Hasselt has it all , from museums and shops with the latest fashion , to shops with local products such as gingerbread and gin .
If you are getting tired from wandering through all the streets and alleys , you can always go and have a pleasant drink in one of the many little cafés at the market square .
In the evening , when all the daytrippers are gone , the city wakes up again and all the bars reopen .
You should really have a taste of Hasselt 's dazzling nightlife .
Kind regards , Wouter .
THE MOST INTERESTING WEEKEND ON MY LIFE
I had always believed that the best memories of life were when you meet new people , new places , going out with your friends , taking sun on the beach , thingS like this .
Are beautiful moments , but now I reckon that there is n't nothing more interesting than having all your family together talking about whole background .
Surprising stories that we will not never imagine .
My family are n't so close and is distributed in many cities on my country , after some incidents in the past , many things changed and each family followed their own way .
However , my siblings and I decided to set up a big surprise to my father for his birthday number 50 .
We tried to contat the most amount famiy as we could .
It was a perfect weekend because there was a holiday on Monday .
We rented a wonderful place outside our city , spectacular atmosphere .
It was the most interesting and astonishing weekend that I have lived eve .
Firstly , to see father 's face when he saw all people .
A long time I haven't seen my father so happy . secondly , seeing how big is the family now , many children .
Everything was amazing , a lot of memories , we laughed a lot , we did many activities like bbq , table games , watched movies , swimming pool , among others .
Now I believe that the best moments in the life are when you have time with your family , is the best way to recharge energy for everything .
Many times we pay more attention to other things , it can do it in many opportunities .
Family is one , and we do n't know when can lose them .
In my opinion travelling by car is more comfortable than travelling by public transport because you can choose where do you want to go and the time you prefer to start your trip .
Travelling around the city by car was faster than public transport .
If I won the lottery , I would buy an electric car because you can you park in the center of the town .
And when you want to move around your city , if you go by car , most of the time you ca n't park your car because there are very few car parks in the cities .
Sometimes public transport is interesting because you can use it when you want to go to a party and you probably drink some wine , beer , etc .
If you would like to go fast to somewhere , do n't use public transport because it is very slow .
The problem to use our car instead of public transport is the pollution .
If everyone use public transport climate change does not increase more .
Hi Conie ,
How are you ?
I 've seen your letter and I 'm writing this to you to say what I do in my country to help saving the environment .
At my school I do n't do that much because we are just five people that are worried about the world .
We tried to convince the Headmaster to help us monetarily but it was n't enough .
At home I convinced my family to recycle and reuse the water that we ca n't drink , to give to our plants .
Now what do you do at your school and at your home ?
Tell me I 'm curious .
See you
Francisco
Indroduction
The aim of this report is to outline what are the best places to have fun in Valencia for young people , what facilities exist for them and how these could be made better .
Activities around the city
My city , Valencia , is a touristic city situaded by the sea .
Young people can enjoy going to the cinema in the city center after having some " tapas " and some drinks .
Also , it would be a good idea go to the beach to spend the day and play volleyball or sunbathing , because this it is always a good plan .
Valencia , has different areas to go out in the evening , but some of them required the passport , so if you are younger than 18 it would be difficult to enter .
Moreover , you can go to eat " Paella " and ride around the " Albufera " of Valencia in a small boat .
However , the art and science museum , it could be the funniest plan .
Other activities in the surroundings .
In addition i suggested going by bus around the surroundings of the city , where you can do adventure sports , like canoening , climbing or just walking around the mountains and enjoy the countryside
Recommendations
I recommend that they should do both activities , Valencia city and also de the surroundings .
Maybe I could check if I can bring you some free tickets for the public transport .
It would be great !
My family aand I like to watch movies all the time .
We are always go to the cinema to watch a new one .
My favourite kinds of movie is comedy and drama comedy because it has interesting plot and person , who watches comedy can lought all the time .
While person is watching this kind of movie he / she is just relaxing and has a good time .
Now I will further developed our last statement .
As Lloyd Cohen ( the Director of the Worldwide Market Analysis ) said lottery play is not economically irrational and uninformed .
He presents a theory in which buying lottery tickets is not a misguided input into wealth production as some critics believe , but a valuable input into creating a sense of possibilty from scaping from one 's current life by acquiring wealth .
It is certainly true that people who play are almost certain to lose money .
Cohen 's knwoledge is that playing the lottery is not automatically irrational .
Some people like to calculated the gain or lose from buying the lottery but other people that can afford a dolar ticket now prefer to keep their dreams .
People do n't invest the money they spend on lottery .
They spend it and get those dreams in return .
Though this has been an amusing debate , we the affirmative side , on the weight of our argument and proof , have concluded that lottery should n't be banned in the US and Spain , because it is a tradition , it gives help , hope and support to public entities and it must be a rational investment .
Hello dear Ben ,
I received your letter yesterday .
Sorry for my late answer .
I hope my suggestions will help you .
Our city has only one airport .
First of all you should find the entrance of the airport .
Then you should know that you there will be two kinds of transport .
Taxy is the first variant .
It 's the quickest way to come to my home but at the same time it 's more expensive .
Also you can use the bus .
You should write me the exact time of your plane arrival .
Then I 'll write back the timetable of bus arrivals .
It might be more boring way to my home but I like it for the price .
When you hear the bus stop Ploshad Truda you should leave the bus and I 'll meet you at this bus stop .
In my opinion the weather is better today than yesterday .
But it has been raining for four days .
So it would be very well if you take a warm coat and an umbrella .
Hoping to see you soon ,
your friend , Semyon .
Report :
The swimming pool in Brunete has customers from all age groups , but it is especially suitable both for young and elderly people in order to improve their mobility .
The building has two changing rooms for men and women .
Several bathrooms are available with cold and hot water in them and a 25 metre - length heated pool .
As far as I am concerned there are some pros and cons about the use of the swimming pool .
On the one hand everything is very cleaned including floor , bath and corridors , in addition , if you are a disabled person you will not have any trouble to get there because there are some ramps to help you come in .
On the other hand you will have to pay 45 euros a month to use facilities , and besides , you will not be able to do exercises because there is not any gym inside the building .
In my opinion the swimming pool is convenient because you can walk to swim if you live in town but is very expensive , particularly for young people .
I suggest that prices should be lower than they actually are .
Famous people have been always sorrunded by a lot of journalists and paparazzies who follow them wherever they go .
Those people could be politicians , film starts , singers , football players and so on living in a constant stress because they can not have a " normal " life , and , from my point of view , that 's normal because they live for this , they are public people and because of this they have to keep calm and carry with it .
Therefore , most of this famous people complain of this but it is logical that all the media , television , radio and journalists are constanlty devoting every minute of the day to them because people are interested in them , in knowing what they are doing every second , in knowing with whom they are , in knowing what they like or do n't like , their hobbies , in short , in knowing everything about them .
In conclusion , being famous is really difficult and frustrating as well , but in contrast , they earn a lot of money and they are loved by so many people though they have to accept some critics because not everybody has to love them .
I do agree with a statement that shopping is not always enjoyable .
When we need to buy something , we mostly choose shopping centres .
It has many disadvantages .
It 's a large space with a lot of shops , so we need much time to visit all of them .
After a few hours we are so tired , that we do not have power to do anything else .
Besides , in the shopping centres there 's a loud energetic music played all the time and a crowd of people , so we get home with a huge headache .
Money is another reason why we do not always enjoy the shopping .
We live in a time of acquisitiveness and people buy many things , even if they ca n't afford it .
Of course , people usually do not need all of those things .
This behaviour causes a moral hangover and a spiral of credit .
Times in which we live are conducive to addictions .
People addicted to shopping in the long run do not enjoy this ritual anymore - they do it just because they have to , although they have no money and no space at home for all those things they buy .
I think we should learn to buy only things we really need and we can afford .
Sometimes better is to visit some small shops than big centres .
This should help us enjoy shopping .
Public transport is the future .
Today in big cities public transport is necessary for tourists , students , kids and workers ; but the situation is very different in small cities .
In Italy there are few cities with the hunderground and often in the smaller cities there are only bus .
A good public transport is the sign of a civilized city . in this way there are fewer cars so less traffic .
Public transport also reduces the cars ' pollution and saves fuel .
I hope for the next generations a better public service and an increasement of its use .
thanks to this new life stryle our cities will be more liveable .
I get up at 6:15am .
I brush my teeth and brush my curly hair .
At 6:20 I open my laptop , go to page : Youtube.com and start to study French with Mrs .
Alexa Giordano every morning .
I write down new French vocabularies or grammars into my notebook .
Around 7:15am , I take a shower and get dressed , I usually wear jeans and T - shirts .
I pack my backpack , take my garbage bag and look around my room for one last time to make sure : I do n't forget anything . I go downstairs and put the garbage bag into the trash bin .
I go to the garage to take my motorbike .
It takes me about 30 minutes to drive to my company , It depends if the traffic 's good .
As usual , I buy a coffee and breakfast on the way , I can have bread or sweet potato for my daily breakfast .
When I 'm at work , I check my emails and reply if it is urgent and write down " to do lists " .
I have lunch at 12 pm .
I have many choices for lunch but I prefer Hu Tieu or Pho .
I come back to work at 1 pm and go home at 5 pm .
I go to my art class at 6:20pm to 9 pm on Tuesday and Thursday evening .
The other evening , I stay at home and read books , or do some English exercises to improve my English skills .
On the weekend , I wake up at 6:15am but I get up at 7 am . I still study French with Mrs Alexa as usual . Saturday afternoon I hang out with my boyfriend , we go to the cinema or the coffee shop .
Sometimes , we meet our mutual friend and have dinner with them .
I often tidy my room and do the washing on Sunday morning .
In the afternoon , I do my art exercises or read books .
I always go to sleep at 10 pm .
Hello Mark !
Sorry for my late reply .
You should n't spend so much time watching television because it is n't healthy .
Actually , I do n't watch much television , because I do n't have much free time , but if I had it , I think I would watch more .
Now , that I 'm on holidays , I watch more tv , especially some series like : Criminal Investigation or The Mentalist .
They are really good !
To relax , I used to read , listen to music , go to the cinema , hang out with friends , go shopping , ride a bike or swim .
What do you do to relax , beside watching TV ?
Hope to hear from you soon ,
Inês .
The reasons for Greece 's terrible economic situation are that Greece has surrender its currency sovereignty to the European Central Bank , by which Greece could not apply monetary policy to spur its economy , and the Greek government is very corrupted so that Greeks could easily dodge taxes .
In contrast , in Taiwan , we have our own currency and the government is efficient and well - organized .
Clearly , Taiwan will not be the next Greece .
Monetary policy could be a very useful short term financial tool for a government to stimulate its worsening economy , and , from the empirical experience , many countries have successful applied such policy .
In 2012 , Japanese central bank unprecedented depreciated Yuan , which has obviously improved its exports and recovered its economy from stagnation .
Obviously , Taiwan has its own currency , new Taiwan dollar , and if Taiwan 's economy is worsening someday , Taiwanese government could simply mimic what Japanese government did in 2012 .
Not only Taiwan is different from Greece in currency sovereignty , it also wins in government 's efficiency .
According to a global survey , Taiwan wins reputation in effectiveness , in which Taiwan government has legislated severe laws to prevent corruption .
Therefore , Taiwanese have to pay taxes by regulation and do not dare to evade taxes .
Without a doubt , the efficacy of Taiwanese government is beneficial to people 's welfare .
All in all , Taiwan has currency sovereignty and is well - known for its effectiveness .
Therefore , Taiwan would not be sunk down like Greece .
As a country , Taiwan has to stick to its ordinary path to create lovely and healthy environment to its civilians .
Once upon a time a mason called Nick that had a family of four , two sons and his wife but they had conflicts with the studies of their children , the money he earned was not enough to maintain the whole family they were in poverty .
His kids dreamed with a big house that has a pool , a third floor , Jacuzzi and a beautiful landscape to the beach , also they wanted to have a dog , if they had one it would be called Winy .
They told every dream to their dad , and they know he would enforce it even though under the circumstances it seemed to be impossible he would try .
Next week a cousin that he did not know , he was a very reach man and when he knew about their problem he decided to help so he gave them an incentive .
He said that if Nick makes a house of two floors he would buy it and pay the studies of the children lifelong , which gave a reverse to the impossible
Nick started making the planes for the house , from that moment he trended to get to his house and at the moment drag the planes and continue working when he finished the planes after months of working on them he started to bring it to life , the house would be made of wood because he could not pay for more .
After months of working in the house he finished , and his cousin gave him a bonus reward of one million dollars to start with , buying a big house with everything they want .
The kids started going to a private school .
When they got eighteen they could get a good job because of their good studies .
They could give a good life to their families and have a dog also called Winy , and all this thanks to the rich man that nobody knew .
The pie chart shows the principal causes which justify why agricultural lands became less productive , whereas the table correlates these causes with three different regions of the world which had land degraded , namely North America , Europe and Oceania , during the 1990s .
Overall , it is clear that the main causes for land degredation were deforestation and over - grazing .
These causes also had a negative impact on two regions that were analysed , in Europe and Oceania , and , consequently , these areas had higher rates in terms of total land degreaded .
A closer look at the pie chart reveals that over - grazing was the most important reason why land was so degraded , with the highest percentage of 35% .
This was followed by the deforestation , with 30% , while over - cultivation had 28% .
Finally , 7% could be explained for other reasons .
It may be justified by the fact that there was an excess of chemicals in the agricultural activity .
This also needs to be compared to the table .
Not surprisingly , these causes played an important role when we talk about the percentage of land which was affected by these causes , particularly in Europe and Oceania .
In the first case , Europe reprented the highest percentage of land degraded caused by deforestation and over - cultivation , 9.8% and 7.7% respectively .
This was a great impact on total land degraded as Europe was more affected , with a total of 23% .
By another side , Oceania had the highest land degraded rate at 11.3% bacause of over - grazing , which also contributed to having 13% of land degraded .
By contrast , in general North America had the lowest rates in deforestation and over - grazing , with 0.2% and 1.5% respectively .
for this resaon , this region presented the lowest percentage of land degraded , with only 5% .
There are many famous buildings in Guangzhou .
One of them is Canton Tower .
If you travel to Guangzhou , you ca n't miss this series because this is a symbol of Guangzhou .
Canton Tower is located at an intersection of Guangzhou New city Central Axes and Pearl River .
It is the highest tower in China and the third highest tower in the world .
The height of the tower is 600 metres , with 450 metres main body and 150 metres of its antenna .
The tower has a special name called ' slim waist ' because the shape of it is twisting .
We can see different picture of the tower from different angles .
This is not only a sightseeing building , but also has a lot of recessional facilities .
For example , the tower has 4D cinema , the highest revolving restaurant and so on .
Cantonese always spend their holiday with their child here .
Do you want to go to have a look after reading my introduction ?
Trust me , you will not regret it .
ARE YOUR FAMILY MEMBERS YOUR BEST FRIENDS ?
Firstly , I must say that I do n't consider that my family members are my best friends , not only because they have other problems to care about but also because I do n't know how to tell them my problems .
However , we consider a friend that person you can have fun with , laugh and meet . I 'm use to do that with my parents and my brothers but it 's not the same as when I meet my best friends .
Moreover , I think that I should n't ask them to have what we call a " therapy moment " as I do with my best friends when I 'm worried for something or someone , in fact I would n't know how to start telling them about that .
Some teenagers have the luck to be open - minded and they know how to speak with their parents and it 's a good way to solve problems .
In my opinion I think that I should have more confidence with my family and remember that they wo n't leave me for something I had done in other way my best friends can do .
In my town , there is no future for public transport , because the time necessary to get to the city centre is the same walking or by bus .
Travel by bus is expensive , bored and annoying .
The route makes many stops , in different places , so the way in the map is a mess .
This is like that all days , except Sunday .
On Sunday , the bus do n't work until 3 p.m.
From this hour , there is only one service every hour , until 10 p.m. Anyone of these 7 bus takes less a half hour to get to the city centre , in spite of Sunday has not traffic jam .
Buses are slow and noisy , and when you can get off of them , you are tired and angry , and probably you are not on time .
Is much more convenient you walk to the city centre .
The town is not a big city , so the air is not very dirty .
At the same time , you can get fit walking approximately 30 or 40 minutes , and you will not have the problem for park your car .
You will expend the same time travelling by bus or walking , but the difference is to get angry or not .
Transportation is a means of movement of one geographical location to another by any means of transport .
We have different means of transport .
They are transport by land , by air , by sea and by train .
We know in the olden days how our forefathers suffered in their movement .
If a person wants to trevel from Kano to Lagos he has no choice but to track .
Therefore , is not easy back there for anybody to use other means because there was non .
At present there are many means of transportation .
The technology brought about lots of development in transportation .
We can travel by air using the aircraft , aeroplane , helcopter and rest .
Unlike before we have big ships to use on the sea .
The train is also a very useful means of transportation and very economical .
I believed that technology really improve our ways and means of our transport .
So whoever want to star a journey has several choice of transport , eaither by sea , by air , by land or by foot .
I can not forget to talk about cars , lorry and vehicles .
They are very useful and speedy .
Thanks
Just like a fish in the water
Swimming is my favourite sport in the world , I started it when I was five years old , I really enjoy it , I feel that the water is my place in the word , I feel free .
Although I took part in many competitions , there are one which was the most enjoyable experience in my life .
I have to swimming in the Parana 's river with all the swimmers and coaches .
First , when I was in the starting line I felt could not finish the competition , then when we were in the water the coaches did not stop to encourage so was easy to swim to the finishing line . I was so exciting to see our family waiting for us clapping and shouting loudly every time one of us arrived .
If you are interested in taking part in this sport , I would suggested to buy all the equipment you will need : a comfortable swimsuit , goggles and a huge bag to keep them .
Status : Popular
' The moment of realisation hits you like tons of bricks , leaving you in a life full of regret and guilt '
His whole life , he only wished for one thing and that was to be popular .
Her name was Sara .
Michael had always seen her in the hallways , smiling and laughing .
Anywhere she went , she was always surrounded by a handful of students .
People got attracted towards her quite easily and often , they would find themselves adoring and admiring her .
Although she was n't pretty , she had an aura of importance .
Her presence was felt .
She was popular but not proud , and that made her even more likable by all .
All but one - Michael .
Whenever , he saw her , he felt pain .
Pain of jealousy .
A fire of hatred burnt his heart whenever he heard her gleeful laughter .
All his life , he had only wished to be popular but his dream of popularity had been long ago snatched by a girl .
That girl , who had once been his best friend .
That girl who had left him in need of time .
That girl who had done nothing but harm for him .
She was Sara .
His long lost best friend Sara .
That night had changed their lives .
Both of their lives .
In every way , in every form .
An innocent dare made by Sara which led Michael to walk in a path of wrong .
A dare to prove .
courage can change lives
He was isolated .
Abandoned by his friends .
All was a façade .
They had all worn masks .
Everyone , even his own Sara .
He had been wrong .
All along he was wrong .
They had n't isolated him , rather he had .
They had n't abandoned him neither had they distanced themselves from him .
He had distanced himself from them .
His Sara was there , all along she was there for him .
In the first place , she never left him .
She had always wanted to be with him but he had closed the door for her .
Yet , she waited , hoping he would realise she would always be there for him .
Tears were streaming down his face . Stinging his eyes .
He deserved it .
Every bit of pain .
He had been blind by rage .
All these years .
His selfishness stood in the way .
His delusions had drifted him away from her .
He had done such a huge mistake .
No tears or sorrys would make a less culprit .
No one should forgive him for what he did .
No one .
Right now , he has the one thing he always wished for - popularity , but only now does he realise , that it was meaningless , point less .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Each and every colour glow in the dark giving hope out of the darkness .
In this essay , I am going to discuss whether building a bypass around our town is beneficial to our community or not .
One of the advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting was that this bypass would lower the rate of air pollution around town , which I highly agree with because the extra traffic caused due to the passing cars added to the vehicles used by the locals cause massive smog in the atmosphere , not to mention being terribly bad to the health of the walking , cycling citizens , especially young children , babies .
Another important point is that this bypass would improve the traffic in the town center .
Mostly during 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , when people go and finish work , that is when we get the most awful traffic jams , sometimes it takes an hour to get form point A to B in town which is a terribly long time not to mention parents who have to take their children to school , nursery and then get to work , too .
On the other hand the bypass might cause a drastic drop in tourism in the town .
However , it is also true to say that people who are actually interested in historical sites would visit the town anyway .
All in all , I would say the bypass would be more of a disadvantage than advantage , because it would cut us off from people and the town would receive less funding if it 's less important .
Local politicians should focus on sustainability , using vehicles which do not harm the environment .
On the 4th of April I met a group called Emblem3 .
Because I did n't find any ticket for the concert in London I bought one for the concert in Birmingham .
I 've booked the ticket nearly one month before the event .
The day before I started to freak out thinking that I was meeting them .
Else the ticket for the concert I bought the VIP ticket as well , so I had to go before to Birmingham , because the entrance to the venue was at 17:00 and as I live close to London , I had to leave at about 12:00 so I did n't have to rush .
I got to Birmingham at 14:00 , I think , and then , as I 've never been to Birmingham I had to look for the 02 Academy , where the event took place .
When I arrived there , I queued for the VIP queue .
At 17:00 they let us in the venue and they made all the checkings .
After 30 minutes started the acoustic performance which lasted for about 15 minutes , afterwards we took pictures .
When everybody took their photos , Emblem3 got backstage to get ready for the concert and after one hour it sterted .
I left the arena at midnight and I went to an hotel that I did already book online .
On the day after I went back home .
It was the best day of my life .
Dear Sir Madam ,
My name is Maria and I saw your advertisement and I am interested in the job .
On the one hand , I am studying to be a PE teacher so I know how to organise activities for young people such as fishing or doing a sport .
I'm good at entertaining parties What is more , I really enjoy working with them since they are very active and willing to do any kind of activities .
You also mentioned that I would need to work in the kitchens helping .
I could also add that I know how to cook for lots of people .
For all the reasons I mentioned before , I think I am the right person for this job .
I look forward to receiving your answer .
Yours Faithfully ,
Maria
It 's true that commuting to work is n't as convenient as going to work by car .
That 's the reason why more people prefer to spend more time stuck in traffic listening to songs instead of waiting a long time to take a bus which is usually crowded .
On top of that , taking a bus wo n't necessarily mean that you will save time because both buses and cars wo n't be able to move in the rush hour .
Besides , a car gives you more freedom and flexibility to make your own schedule while public transport limits you to a timetable that not always meet your needs .
After cars prevailed among the public , our governments have tried to pave rough roads , which promotes people to use cars even more .
Nowadays , it might be argued if the current transportation system would be working in the future like present , while there is a still big room for public transportation remaining as a significant method .
This essay will offer a couple of points about whether public transportation will still be around us or if it will disappear completely .
For a start , the convenience for us to travel around would probably be one of the main arguments .
In some countries , the amount of transportation such as train is not sufficient , which forces people to use private cars .
However , it is also true that there are always minors who have no choice but to take public transport and also for their parents it is definitely more reliable .
What is also important is the impact on the environment , which is already considerably damaged by human technology .
If a car which emits no serious global warming gas would be developed , there would be no argument that people had better reduce our use of cars , yet , as long as we are manufacturing them we could not find more eco - friendly and efficient ways than public transportation .
In conclusion , it is my belief that it is not possible for public transport to disappear in the future even though travelling with cars is more convenient than travelling with just trains or buses .
But in the same way as cars development , our governments might have to make some progress on public transport to encourage citizens to be more eco - friendly .
All of the world is constantly changing - develop a new technologies , people invented new think .
But why ?
To make life easier . People always want to make better their life .
Why not ?
I think that the home of the future will be different than now , but the main function of the home wo n't change , because for ages home have been a place where people can feel safely .
Everybody think that home is refuge .
In my opinion home in the future will be similar to present houses .
There always will be the kitchen , because we must eat , always will be the bathroom - you know why .
And in the home always will be a room to sleep and relax .
Home in the future may be more modern and safety .
Everywhere will be cameras and motion sensors .
Kitchen will be better eguipped , may be with smart appliances and people , who ca n't cook , will prepare the meal by yourself .
May be in the future homes will be self - cleaned and we need not clean up .
I think that the differences between home now and home in the future will be small .
Personally houses in the future will not be cosy , but very sterile . I do not like it .
Home should associate with family , happiness .
Not with cold and spacious rooms .
I think the statement is somewhat true .
Travelling by car is getting more convenient .
Traffic accidents , the main problem of car travelling , will be solved by self - driving technology .
Although driving by car is less safe than using public transport at present , driving will be safe .
However , there is also a problem .
Having a car takes much money .
Using public transport is cheaper than having a car , especially living in urban area .
The second problem may be solved by car - sharing .
If one wants to go somewhere , one can use a shared car which is parked at designated area .
By this method , people have to pay small fee for use a car , not much money such as having a car .
If car - sharing and self - driving technology are mixed , it will be much more convenient than both the conventional public transport and travelling my car .
People can go anywhere they want to go from anywhere .
People do n't have to possess their car paying much money .
It will be a new public transport .
All my life I practiced sports , but definitely my favorite sport is squash .
I started to training when I was ten years old .
I had never played a raquet 's sport before , so I was very excited to hit the small black ball with my racket .
Three times a week I played , then I went more often .
The first year I went to a tournament in Torreon and I win the first place , during the first 3 years I was ranking in the first 10 places of Mexico , but then I had to reduce my practices because I had a problem with my knees .
Play squash is an awesome activity and is easy to learn , I love that this game is very fast and you do a lot of exercise .
The bad news is that in Mexico is not very common , so it 's a little bit difficult to find a field and is expensive , more or less the price per hour is $ 150 pesos .
For someone new in this sport I would recommended be patient and constant in the training , because the practice is what make you better and helps to improve your level , and finally always enjoy the game .
Always been free .
Never had any serious relationship .
The longest was at the primary school , lasted 2 days , because her mother could cook the finest biscuits ever tasted .
Now he was 35 and he was still keeping on smile at the news of his colleagues and friends marriages .
He was so cynical to turn out to be very nasty and unpopolar .
Love last two and a half a year , he kep to remind himself .
Soon or later mariied people will get divorced .
Look at me , he said , I 'm free .
No one is happier than me .
Since one day he met a girl , on the train , she was n't that beauty but she had , you know , that smile , so peaceful , so harmonic .
It was love at first sight .
They started talking blaming for the train late and after two hours they were still chatting .
They laughed so much that they both forgot to get out at the right stop .
The poor two had gone too far and now they had to come back .
It was n't a problem .
They had a lot of fun .
Finally he arrived .
He said hello to the girl smiling .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Nowadays everybody has one or more cars , as a consequence of that , some people believe that public transport is going to disappear .
There are several reasons to believe that ; firstly , many people are influenced by the advertising which mixes happiness with driving cars and makes people think that public transport is not as a smart option as cars .
In second place , it is not enjoyable to wait for the bus or the underground .
On the other hand , there are a number of reasons against the end of the public transport .
For example , you must take public transport instead the car because it produces less pollution .
In addition , public transport is cheap because to buy a car meaning spend a fortune and in big cities , where are concerned about the environment such as Amsterdam or Tokio , there are many facilities as mobile phone applications or special offers .
To sum up , no one knows the future ; however , I believe that travelling on public transport is as convenient as by car or more because it is good to save up money and to reduce contamination .
" There is no future for public transport because travelling by car is so much more convenient "
In my opinion less people are travelling by public transport and started to buy their own cars which is more comfortable to use whenever you are in a hurry or not .
In the first place you feel more comfortable in your own car than in a bus for example . You do n't need fear that someone could suddenly stole your purse or you do n't have to listen to the others when you travel by your car .
Studies have shown that your self esteem and feelings of protection increase when you are a car driver .
You do n't have to indulge staying in a crowded place with people you do n't know .
Saving some money and buy a car is the best thing you can do .
In the second place not all public transports are in their best shape .
Some of them are dirty and smell .
If you have your own car these things do n't bother you anymore cause you wash your car anytime you want .
In conclusion travelling by car is far better than using public transport
TORREBLASCOPEDRO , 5 AUGUST , 2014
Dear Sir ,
Through your job posting , I 'm informed that you are looking a person for working in summer camps USA .
I inform you that I 'm interested in the job .
I love children , I have already worked with them , it was a wonderful experience .
I 'm very hardworking and a funny person .
My level of English is very good , today I 'm learning and working hard to improve .
I would like to work in this job because I think that I could do very well and I could amuse the children .
If you hire me , you wo n't regret .
Yours faithfully .
ANA DEL MERINO PALOMINO .
Dear Paul !
Thanks for your e - mail and photos !
They are amazing !
I 'm very glad you enjoyed your holidays .
Spain must be really incredible !
I 'm writing to you to tell you about the U2 concert , which took place in " Spodek " arena in Katowice last month .
I must admit that this is my favourite band .
I 've always wanted to see them live and finally my dreams came true .
The best of it was that I saw them really close , because of my dad 's work .
As you know , he works in security company , called Solid Safety and he was appointed to be a bodyguard to even Bono !
Could you imagine my reaction , when he told me about it .
Of course , then he handed in two " Staff " tickets to me .
These tickets allow you to get in to the VIP zone .
I invited my classmate Sally and we went on a concert together .
We were so excited , when we got on .
Before the show we were helping in placing a sounding equipment .
During the concert we were standing on the backstage .
Where could be better ? !
After the last song my dad took us to the Bono 's room .
He was signing autographs and chatting with fans .
I will never forget it .
My dad took even a photo of us with him .
I must say , he is much more handsome in live that on the TV .
That 's all for now , but I will write more , when I find my feet ! I will appreciate my dad 's work forever .
Give my regards to your parents !
Love , Lisa
Hello ,
I 'm sending this Email to get some information because I 'm interested in studying at your university .
I'm Yousef Naser Bishara , I 'm from Saudi Arabia , I 'm 26 years old .
I've been in the United States for two years .
I'm granted student by the government of Saudi Arabia and the scholarship will cover the tuition and everything related to my studies .
I 've graduated in 2010 majoring in accounting with a degree having an accumulated GPA of 2.49 out of 5 , since I came here I have been so ambitious that I will be getting my high studies as soon as I finish studying English , it turned out that I have to jump through the loop in order to over come these obstacles which I believe it is an ordinary requirements to get a master 's degree for the foreign students .
In addition , there is recent statistic that shows a very high percentage of Saudi Arabia students who came to America to do set their master 's degree that they could n't get in university due to some requirements for instance , GRE , G MAT , or even their GPA did n't meet the university conditions .
In fact , I do n't want to be one of those student who could n't accomplish their dream and go back to their home , I 'm willing to do whatever it takes to get into your university .
I would like to have the orientation material to increase my chances of getting into university and I will do me best to get very high grades in order to increase my GPA when it 's added to my transcript , to sum up what I 'm looking for is to take a preparation class in business to be included in the final accumulated GPA .
Finally , I believe that it it a great opportunity to study in the United States and to improve my education and my lifestyle .
Besides , I 'm an eager , mature student willing to study master 's degree at your university and I 'm looking forward to getting response back and your recommendations .
sincerely ,
I am forty nine years old and I am a quite crazy , so I make a lot of mistakes .
In this writing I will comment about one of the last mistake that I have made and its consequent .
First , I want to focus your attention on the fact that normally the mistakes have not importance , because all the things have fix and , if they have not fix why do you worry ?
In the last trip , I parked my car on the airport park , it has many plants with several sign .
Every plant has a color sign , red , orange , green , blue and an intermediate color between the red and the orange and this was my confusion .
I left my car in the plant with the orange color , but when some day later I looked for my car I made it in the plant of the intermediate color .
I knew that my car was on the site number one hundred and thirty five , buy the car was not there .
I spend quite time thinking and when I decided go to the police I passed in front of the orange sign and finally I found my car .
Dear Thomas
How are you ?
I 'm nervous to see you .
The weather here is sunny so I recommend you to bring summer clothes It is sad that you only come for one week but we will enjoy a lot .
From the airport to my house there are just 5 minutes .
When you came out to the road you need to go straight until you reach a restaurant , then you must go to the left where you would find a big square with swings and slides .
Finally you would see a big red house with lots of windows .
You will no regret coming to Spain .
See you soon .
Recently , studying online has become a very popular alternative way to study .
Although it provides students with lots of advantages , not everything is as good as it sounds .
First of all , studying online does not allow students to ask teachers about questions .
How can they solve their problems if there is a lack of student - teacher interaction ?
What is more , this kind of students are between eighteen and twenty two , when they need to socialise and interact with other students to enjoy their free time .
Something impossible if they study online , which means that their only classmate is the computer or the laptop they use .
However , this method of studying is cheaper than the common way , and it also can be completely free which is a big advantage .
Moreover , it allows you to study with your own rhythm without thinking about the rest .
For these reasons , I prefer the common way than studying online .
Nevertheless , I can understand people who choose the second option .
It is up to you !
No Future for public transport :
Nowadays people want to travel by their own conveyance by their own car , bike , scooter or something like that .
Everyone wants to have a stress less / happy journey whether it is for a long route or not .
It is really realistic too , because we all want to save our time and wishes for a happy journey time .
Now let me tell you the scenario of public transport .
First of all we always need to wait for it and it will run according to the scheduled time only .
In winter it is fine we can adjust in crowd but if we talk about summer session we can not adjust when we are travelling in a suffocated environment .
We need to book tickets in advance , in case we are planning to go via public transport because again the issue of availability of seats are there .
I live in Trieste , a very beautiful city , but this city has a great problem : it has a lot of cars , more than inhabitants .
Of course it 's an exaggeration , but I say this to confirm that in this city the number of the cars is very high .
By the way , the public transport is not so convenient , because at a certain hours you can not find bus .
In our city the buses stop at midnight .
Also the ticket price is not cheap .
Another problem of the buses is that if you take one during certain hours , it 's impossible to find a place free to sit down .
So travelling by bus is not convenient , not only for time but also for the problems that you can find .
The other question is that Trieste is situated near Slovenia , where , the price of petrol is cheaper than in Italy , so a great number of inhabitants of our city prefer to fuel the car directly in Slovenia , where they can find much more competitive prices .
My father lives in Pordenone and he sells cars .
He wants to convince me to use alternative means of transport , but after I see the price of this ecological vehicle I considered that I 'll buy one of them only if the price becomes
loverer .
Currently , people think about if they can get good english in my country or have to move to english speaking country .
And after that , it depends on the personality , status ( single , engaged or married ) , and even the ages of people , they will decide to learn in their own country or go abroad for getting english .
On the hand , studying abroad is a great opportunity , especially for young people .
They usually go abroad because they have not so much responsibilities just it prepares their professional future .
But They can only afford it to work as a au pair , waiter , kitchen porter or porter that include accommodation , normal wages and you do n't need high level of english .
On the other hand , you might find yourself getting homesick .
Of course , you leave a lot of things , such as your family , friends , foods , places , own things , etc . , and nobody put up with being very far away from all these things .
Moreover , people about mid 's 30 years old , they do not usually leave their country and try to get new language from are living .
This way is cheap as well and they have not to change everything around their life to achieve this aim .
In addition , with this ages , normally people have more charges , maybe children , mortgage , partner , etc .
From my opinion , the best way for learning really good a language it is living in the same country where people speak it .
So , you do n't hesitate and move to the new country , in which you do not only get language , even different culture and lifestyle .
Trapagaran , environmentally friend
The purpose of this report is to explain the that my town has become more aware in the need of taking care of the countryside .
Since 2010 my town has tried to include some changes to boost the town .
Recycling is the solution
In the last five years many new bins have been situated near all neighbourhoods .
There are four type of rubbish skip .
On one of these bins are destined to plastics , another one is for wood and paper , the third one is a bottlebank and the last one is for cells .
This one is very important because it contaminates so much .
Apart from that , there are other container focused on every type of objects .
For instance , clothes , shoes , toys , electronic devices , etc .
More green areas
This town has not only focused on recycling , it has also promoted green areas .
Because of that 5 new parks has been created recently .
Those are a great place where families have a good time while they enjoy the countryside .
Moreover residents have become more conscious after they have read the leaflets which explain the importance of respect the environment .
Conclusion
I strongly think that it is necessary to make people conscious about the importance of save the planet .
In addition , more people would help if they can recycle easily .
Dear Mrs Kate Ashby ,
I am writing to you about the job offer for work in Green Pepper Cafe .
I would like applying for this vacancy because I think I have most of requirements that you are asking for .
First of all , cooking is my passion for ages .
I enjoy learning new recipes and I try to find out different flavours and sensations cooking .
That is why I am looking for a job where I could have the chance to join my love with cooking to my job .
I worked for more than six years in a supermarket as well so , that is why I am accustomed to deal with customers and cope with difficult people in busy environment .
It is no necessary to say I am able to work with a cafe schedeule , I have experience working shift days and weekends .
I would be glad if I could get an interview for giving you more details about my work experience , skills or what you need to ask me .
Yours sincerely
If you are looking for an enjoyning shopping day , Madrid is the best election .
Madrid is one of the most famous shopping cities in the world !
In Madrid , you can find clothes of the best desingners as Carolina Herrera , Dior and so on ...
but do n't be afraid if your budget is quite limited because we have some places where you can find great colections with 50% off .
So , if you prefer save money and look fine , you have to visit ours outlet where you can find all that you are looking for .
The best of all is that you wo n't have to go further because you can find all these shops in the center of Madrid .
If you are wanting for more information , just contact us .
Nowadays people 's life is having an unexpected change all because globalitation .
In the past people has to manage their time so they could go to their work , take care of their children and maybe also study .
Globalitation starts in the 20 's , so a huge amount of population has experience this change , in my opinion is kind of good .
Now people can interact with other people from other countries by texting , facebook or whatsapp .
The need of export and import items has increased in the last 10 years consequently the life of the people has raised in faster respond .
Everyone needs an instant answer to what they asking for , if they send an email you must received it in less than 1 minute .
The personal contact shows a decrease in this time because people do n't want to face their real problems , instead they can see all the poblems happened in the world by their smartphones .
In the future people will comunute between them by their computers , cellphones , tablets and this kind of technology will lead us to a lonely life .
Nowadays , we already have things like smart phones , which can nearly do everything we want to .
And we have some other media gadgets .
But will people 's lives really change so dramatically in the next 50 years ?
In my opinion it wo n't .
I 'm of the opinion that people 's lives wo n't change extremely in the next 50 years .
Of course there will exist some more electronical things like some new handys , with functions we could expect right now , and there will be some other gadgets .
But if we speak of the change of people 's lives there have to be some more dramatically things .
A point would be , that normal people are able to fly to the moon or something , or if there would be people living on the mars .
But I think that this wo n't be able to do .
Even not in 50 years .
To put it in a nutshell we could say that our global world will be more electronical , and there will be more gadgets , but that wo nt change our lives dramatically .
Hi brother ,
I 've been thinking about what you said to me the previous week .
It 's true that we do n't pay attention to our grandma 's .
She loves us and she always looks after us when dad and mum could n't do it .
I believe that we haven't never thanked her what she did and do for us .
For that I 've had the idea of giving her a present .
You 're agree with me , are n't you ?
Yesterday I saw a nice present for her in the new mall of Jerez , called AreaSur .
It was an amazing gold watch .
It seemed not to be very expensive and was luxury and lovely .
I think that a clock would be useful as well as necessary for her .
What do you think about buying it for her ?
If you do n't think the same as me you can choose another present , I wo n't have any problem .
Anyway , we should go to the mall together and there we will take the final decision .
We can go by bus .
You only have to walk through the road in front of home and you will arrive bus station .
Then take the third line and two stops later you will arrive mall .
I will see you there and I 'll guide you in the mall .
I hope to see you soon brother .
Send me an email when you 're able to go shopping
Quique
What 's the safest transport in the world ?
And the most comfortable ?
In my opinion any transport is completely safe , however people say the plane is the safest transport .
And , maybe the car is the most comfortable .
It is true that both are advantages and disadvantages .
Travelling by car can be enjoyable , dangerous and relaxing , I knew this is a contradiction , but I can explain it .
Relaxing because you can travel by yourself , with friends and with your family .
When you make a long trip you can go without pressure .
If you are tired you can stop at a petrol station or at a restaurant to relax yourself , and if in the car there are more passengers you can change with them , so you will feel less tired .
Even travel by car , in my opinion , has a lot of problems .
Some advantages could be :
- Gasoline is too expensive
- There are n't enough car parks and they are very expensive , for example when you travel to Madrid it is impossible to find a free parking .
- Often you can be involved in city traffic jams , especially in the rush hour .
This situation only is present in Caceres when there is a rainy day , but in other cities like Madrid , Barcelona … is a daily situation .
I think , driving can be dangerous because people must respect speed limits , and not every time that it is .
People does n't wear the seatbelt , use phones , and even there are who drink when they are going to drive .
All these malpractice can make they have an accident and other innocent persons are in danger .
Every holiday , the DGT , in Spain , make an awareness campaign to remember us the good manners when we are driving .
On the other hand , travelling by plane people say is safer then do it in others transport .
I do n't make sure this affirmation .
I 'm afraid to travel by plane .
I hate the moment when the plane is taking off , and when it is touching off .
I 'm afraid so that started when I was travelling to Mexico in my honeymoon .
In this moment there was a tropical storm , and the turbulences are horrible ; but a not time I have stopped to travel by plane .
I knew is the better option when you want to travel abroad .
It is true , that plane is very expensive , at least I never haven't be able to book a cheap ticket .
I look for the perfect offer but in summer it is impossible to find it .
To sun up , all kind of transport have positive and negative aspects , but depending of our necessity we use one or another .
For example there are a lot of countries where bike is the most main of transport , like Belgium .
I remember there were kilometres and kilometres of cycle line , on the contrary than here in Spain , where few cities like Madrid or Barcelona , strengthen their use .
I do not agree with the situation .
This is simple because not everyone has a personal vehicle .
In addition , because of the gap between the upper class to the lower class people .
Public transport is one part of social development .
It will make people feel comfortable .
The bar chart shows the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. and Jack&Jones Co.
Next year in Turkey .
we can see the number of the projected sales of jeans of Jack&Jones Co . will be at 450 thousands of pairs in next Jan , it will be higher than the number of the projected sales of jeans of Mango Co. about 300 thousands of pairs .Then the number of Jack&Jones Co . will drop to 250 thousands of pairs in Feb next year .
after this fall , the number of Jack&Jones Co. will rise up gradually until to hit the peak at 90 thousands of pairs in Dec.
The projected sales of khan 's of Mango Co. Next year will begin at 150 thousands of pairs then it will go down a little bit in Feb .
The number of Mango Co. will grow up steadily from May to July next year , it will stay remain at 500 thousands of pairs for four months then get the highest number about 600 thousands of pairs in this period .
The pie chart share illustrates the projected market share of Mango Co.,Jack&Jones Co.and others companies in jeans at the end of next year . Jack&Jones Co.will get 30% of the projected market share in jeans , Mango Co. take 20% of it .
However , others companies will dominte the half of the projected market share in jeans next year .
Very different morning
The doorbell rang .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise there was a small present left on the ground .
I looked around but no one was there . "
Hmm ...
Is that present for me ?
" I asked myself quietly .
Besides I was not sure whether I should take it up .
I looked around one more time but still I did n't see anyone .
As it was quite early in the morning there was just silence everywhere .
I sat down in my kitchen and put the present on the table .
But before opening it I decided to make a cup of green tea to calm down a bit as I felt nervous enough .
While the water was boiling a lot of different thoughts came into my head : " I do n't have any birthday today and there are few more months until Christmas ... What could be the reason for such a nice present wrapped in a pink paper ?
Maybe someone wishes to make some little surprise for me , does n't he ? " " Ok , lets open it !
" I encouraged myself .
Oh , if you knew - that present made my day !
When I opened it I found there my favourite chocolate with very cute ' Thank you ' letter .
I got it from my neighbour and he just was so thankful for my help tidying up his garden week before .
Actually I love receiving presents .
They colour the world , they lift you up !
And there is a truth : the more you give , the more you get back !
Although many people believe that our lives are getting better than they where 20 years ago , scientist proved that if we carry on with our ways of living using , for instance modern technology , we will lose control of our lives .
Technology has reached such a point where we need to do anything in order to achieve something .
To support this idea , a study was conducted 6 months ago .
The study tried to explain people 's reaction to different resources .
People where given the task to write a piece of writing of their choice using the resources already provided by the institution in charge .
Firstly , they were given 5 books of different subjects .
Out of 20 tested people , 17 managed to write their composition within an hour .
Secondly , keeping the main task , they were given a tablet with wireless connection to use instead of books .
This time the study showed that all of the applicants managed to write their essays in less than 30 minutes .
The objective of this study was to see how people adapted to new technologies and how our cultural roots are being forgotten .
Thus , this study concluded that in around 50 years from now , people will have worked , fed , showered and even lived without leaving there homes .
If technology is leading to those kinds of consequences , we should start to realise how to use technology properly without needing to eliminate it .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Montserrat Márquez , I am 23 years old and I am really interested in the advertisement I saw the other day about working on summer camps in the USA . I have worked before but in my home town , Mexico city , and I think I would be a perfect candidate for this job .
As a matter of fact I have been camping since I was 6 years old , for this reason I started working on summer camps when I was 18 years old .
I am a suitable person for the job because I used to work with children of all ages , but I prefer to play with kids between 8 and 12 years old , also I am always trying to improve different activities therefore avoid getting bored , and I do not mind working in other areas of the camp .
To sum up I would like to participate with you , and I can promise you will not regret it , I hope to hear from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Montserrat Márquez
It 's nice that you finally decided to come to visit me .
I promise you will not regret to come , everything here is wonderful and there are many places we can go to visit .
Is easy to get to my apartment from the airport , you can take a taxi and tell the driver to take you to the powder street , when you get there you just call me and I get there , my apartment is not far from that street .
Is cheaper to travel by bus but it is not very safe , you need to take a taxi , is a bit more expensive but is much safer .
The weather is changing , in the morning there is high winds , at the afternoon it is sunny , and in the night it is very cold .
You should bring nice but durable clothes .
I 'll wait here , and I really want to see .
Have a good trip .
See you soon .
If you want to become an artist or politician , you must be ready for journalists following you all the time .
I suppose that sometimes celebrities enjoys people gossipping about them .
And of course , unknown actors call for some pieces of attention .
In my opinion they are also people as we are . They have their own life ,
that is why I do n't understand why is it so important for people to know what happenes with celebrity ?
I think it is not so joyfully , when you wake up and see camera 's flash !
Also when you spend time with your boyfriend or girlfriend , you know that someone is taking a photo of you .
In my opinion , each person , without reference is it celebrity or not , deserves his own private life .
Am I right ?
WAYS TO TAKE CARE OF THE ENVIRONMENT
Introduction
The aim of this report is to inform about the ways in which my village carries out measures to look after the environment .
For this , we will analyse several aspects such as what local residents do with the rubbish and how Lanjarón tries to keep the area clean and makes it attractive to people .
Recycling : The best way to deal with the rubbish
Nowadays there is more and more rubbish because of the high amount of package used to wrap products and increase in consumption .
In Lanjarón as in the rest of the villages and towns people are getting used to buying and consuming much more than they used to do in the past .
However , in recent years my village has been promoting ways for people to get ride of the rubbish in a conscious way .
A number of recycling bins have been placed around the village and citizens are being encouraged to join several ongoing courses to raise their awareness of the importance of recycling .
For these reasons , what people usually do with their rubbish in their daily routine is to sort it and put it in the correct bin .
Keeping the village clean and attractive
Lanjarón is one of the most tourist villages in the region La Alpujarra ; therefore , it is very important both for the council and the local residents to keep the village clean .
To get this the council sets different environmental activities for the citizens to take part in .
For instance , monthly it is held a competition where participants have to clean and pick rubbish up from different areas of the village .
At the end of the competition those whose area is cleaner and attractive receive an award .
Conclusion
We have to bear in mind how important the environment is to us .
If we all were aware of this and did something to help it in our daily routines , the planet would thank us for this .
There are two opposite opinions about military service .
On one , hand military service must be mandatory .
Others consider that it is military service is unnecessary and should be voluntary .
First of all , there is no absolutely safety in the modern world .
There are different dangers of a military nature such as terrorist attacks , wars and other armed conflicts .
Therefore , compulsory service at in the army gives special military knowledge , which helps the population to protect their country during a military conflict .
As a result , there are more chances to overcome the conflict with minimum human losses .
Secondly , the mandatory military service can develop the character of a person , making it stronger .
More specifically , it allows for understanding of teamwork , develops organizational skills and practice discipline .
Moreover , it can educate young people be more self - reliant , because the majority of teenagers at the age of 18 do not know how to be independent from their parents .
However , the critics claim that obligatory military service is a waste of time and has a negative impact .
For example , it is difficult to find a good job or go to university after military service , because during the one or two years of service , soldiers do not develop any knowledge except military .
Also , the time spent serving in the army can uproot or separate families or friends ' relations .
Another big problem is that military service is dangerous and has a risk .
There are different physical exercises that can be harmful to health .
Besides , there are emergencies , which can happen with guns or weapons such as explosions and accidents .
Furthermore , there are hazing acts at in the army .
It means that soldiers who have already served some time , bully and beat up new recruits for fun .
These acts often turn out to be tragic having a long post traumatic effect on the young person or even loss of life .
Army years often have an impact on the whole family , especially in case of bullying or the possibility of being sent to the warzone .
Finally , there is a very complex topic and both opinions have advantages and disadvantages , but it can be seen that the military situation is unstable in the world .
This means that people need to know how to protect themselves and military services is a good way for it .
I prefer to eat at home
Firstly , the food I make by myself is more trustful than the food that is made in restaurants .
Because I do n't know what kinds of ingredients the restaurant put .
Also the food I make by myself is much healthier .
Because all of the restaurants want to earn money , so they will just use cheap and not healthy ingredients to cook the food .
But if I make my own food , of course I wo n't use any kind of unhealthy ingredients .
So the food I made by my own hands is safer than any other food that is made in restaurants .
And also homemade food has better quality than low price restaurants .
Secondly , it 's much cheaper to eat at home , because restaurants want to earn money .
So you can save lots of money if you cook at home .
Some people think cooking themselves is too annoying or tired so they go out to eat .
But actually if you cook much you can use your energy so you can consume your weight .
Also if you cook three times a day your cooking ability will go up .
Thirdly , eating at home is more comfortable .
When people are surrounded by strangers people all think they are watching me so I ca n't do that or this .
But if you eat at home you do n't need to be caring that somebody will look at you open your mouth too big or talk too loud .
Also the restaurant do n't know how much you can eat , so sometimes they give you too less food you do n't get full .
Or sometimes they give you too much food so you have to throw it away .
And as you know , throwing food away is a bad habit to do which makes our planet , Earth will be polluted
Fourthly , you wo n't have to waste your time going out to find a restaurant and come back home .
And sometimes if there are many customers you have to wait for the chef to cook other 's food first . You can save time if you eat at home .
Fifthly , we can have a family time while eating .
Of course , it does n't mean that you ca n't talk with families when you eat outside .
But if you eat at home with your family you can have a joke while preparing dishes or talk about their own private life things .
Because it 's not feel free to talk anything outside because the people at the next table might hear what you are talking about .
So by having a family time while eating home you can have a talk and be a much closer family .
Because of these kinds of advantages and reasons I prefer to eat at home .
To sum up , the fundamental characteristic of social media is the design of " Virtual profile " , it requires time to maintain connection between links , friends and be part of groups , this connections will produce negatives effects especially on psychological well - being .
This outcome , along with several studies suggests reasonable use of connection media .
However , it is also likely that people 's life , such as loneliness and depression , might explain the effects that social media can have .
Furthermore , it is also possible that in a future people will be a subject responses , posts and chat rooms , in which awareness of wrong vocabulary , poor routines and compulsive use .
In contrast , one positive aspect of social media cover the education area , in which the knowledge , the expansion of ideas , and the discover of different ways of learning will contribute in the community .
Some people claim that life will change a lot in the next five decades , but , how will it change ?
On the one hand we have technology .
Technology has developed really fast in the last twenty years so it 's expected to develop the same way in the next fifty years .
Cell phones are a great example of this evolution .
Fifteen years ago cell phones did n't have music or a camera , while nowadays they have camera with high definition and you can download a lot of music .
On the other hand we have transport .
Right now people are starting to buy hydraulic cars which is more eco friendly and cheaper because you do n't need to spend money in gas .
Basing on this we can assume that this kind of cars will be the only ones on the streets fifty years from now .
Science will also change .
Every aspect of science will evolve , for example new medical discoveries will be made by doctors .
Chemistry may have the chance in the next fifty years to confirm their theories about the existence of atoms .
To sum up I believe that people lives will change a lot because everything will evolve .
I 'm a teenagers and I like to watch movies as other teenagers .
My favourite kinds are comedis , detective and love stories .
I mostly like comedies because they create my mood put me in high spirites .
They help me to develop and to see the world to a difernt perspective .
People like to watch movies , because it 's a fun pastime and it substitutes books for lazy people .
Many people think living in the counrtyside provides a better way of life .
Most of us think it 's a great idea , but is it better than our comfortable life in the city ?
Would we live better without technology ?
As we know the countryside has no pollution compared to big towns , because there are n't cars , lorries , moped or any other motor vehicle .
If we lived there , we would eat healthier food with no chemicals , what it 's good .
On the other , hand technology makes our life easier .
We can get information , chat with friends or even order food instantly with Internet , however unfortunately we do n't have it in the countryside
I agree with people who think they would have no problem to leave their lives and start a new job in a farm only to be in touch with nature .
However I think humans have evolved and we are very happy with technology and Internet .
There is no doubt that using your private car is much more comfortable & convenient for any person .
Your car represents a kind of luxury & comfort which is clearly illustrated during driving or travelling for long distances as long as you have a comfortable seat with a certain personal zone area .
Moreover , you can control your driving speed as fast or slow according to your mood and so you own your time .
In addition to that , you can take some rest amidst the journey .
Even after your arrival , you will have your own car to go here & there fleetly & freely whenever you like so you have a flexible schedule .
Furthermore , you are not accompanied by some silly passengers or difficult persons during your trip as you will relish your trip with some adorable friends , nice family 's members or close colleagues that you have chosen .
Besides the presence of a car during a trip is very important for coping with the different conditions environments you are facing during the journey .
On the other hand , public transport now become non hygienic as lots of people are crowded into a small and closed area and so a lot of breathes & air droplets are easily propagated in this enclosed place and consequently , you are more susceptible to the various contagious diseases especially in the winter season where the respiratory tract infections flourish e.g. cold & flu .
Furthermore , your actions and movements are limited by the schedule and the track of the transportation mean you are taking .
And so you do n't own your time to do what you want whenever you like although this is my leisure , my free time which means the time of relaxation & meditation .
No More alarms or noisy alerts are required during this important and nice period of time .
My town is one of the cleanest towns in my country , the authorities have been arranged amny procedures to ensure that the town keeps clean at the same time be environmentally friendly procedures .
As a first step to keep the environment clean and healthy is that the garbage needs to be separated into 3 parts that is why the environment department decided to give each house three recycle bins , one for food and green garbage , one for only papers and catroons and the last is for the rest .
Another handy rule has been decided which is the plastic and the glasses need to be thrown in different bins that are available for the public udsage in each supermarket center , in these people can find these bins in easy destinations available everywhere .
All the previous steps and more are being applied by my town sitizens in order to improve the environment quality and go long with all the procedures that help them live happily healthy life .
There should be a future for public transport .
It is more important than ever for anyone to think before using own car .
Firstly , we have a big issue on global warming . We can not deny that we have more and more extreme weather around the glove due to green house gases .
We are damaging our planet .
Secondly , we all know the fossil fuels , we mainly run our vehicles by , will not last forever .
We are using up our vital resource in fast pace .
We are used to just turn the lights or air - conditioning on when we do n't really need it .
It is exactly the same for driving cars .
A lot of us , just turn the engine of our cars without considering walking up to the bus stop .
Public transport system in the UK has so many problems to solve .
The fare is high compared to other European countries and the fare system is complicated .
The punctuality of trains needs to improved greatly , too .
In my opinion , we need to save future for public transport for our future and it is vital to reduce the use of private cars . Travelling by car is more convenient but with improved public transport , we need to reduce use of cars .
That is our responsibility for future generation .
All in one - come and watch
Have you ever been asked to make a decision and choose only one thing out of many that you really like ?
I am sure you have .
And then you always wonder what would have happened if you had chosen the alternative .
Maybe you just missed something really special ...
You do not particularly like that feeling , do you ?
There is a group of young people who decided once that it is ridiculous to choose if you can have all in one - do you want to meet them ?
Actually , you will have a chance soon .
The Red Dragon Theatre Group is coming to our town next week .
They will bring a lot of good sense of humour , music , dance , and anything you can think of that should appear on stage .
Their main concern is to make you think , laugh , maybe cry a bit , but above all to give you a great time .
I bet you will love them at first sight .
To make the long story short - you can not miss this event !
The group is going to perform in The Globe theatre and they have promised to meet your expectations .
The choice is obvious this time ...
Simply , come and watch .
' Gravity ' is an otstanding , brilliant , sci - fi film , directed by Alfonso Cuaron , starring George Clooney and Sandra Bullock .
This amazing film is about two people from a crew of astronauts sent out in space to launch the ' HUBBLE ' telescope .
Soon one of them was informed that an asteroid hit a satellite and created debris , which was heading for the Shuttle , where the two astronauts were .
Eventually the debris hit the Shuttle and thus more debris was created which took the orbit of Earth and moved around it with a very high speed .
The damages which the impact of the debris caused to Shuttle were catastrophic !
All of the crew but two were killed .
To survive the astronauts had to get to the International Space Station which was very far away from them .
Moving to the ISS one of them lost his life and so only one of the crew remains alive fighting for the survival .
After the long sequence of events the remaining astronaut first got to the ISS then with Russian spacekraft moved on to the Chinese space station called TIANGONG .
And so the astronaut launched the escape pod and got home !
Her struggle for survival occurs to be successful !
" Gravity " is indeed a great film and moreover , I myself recommend it to you , students .
My hometown , Piliyandala , is probably the smallest town in Colombo district provides shelter for more than 100,000 people .
The town has approximately 15 villages and all of them are governed by the urban council .
The Garbage control service is one of the main supporting subsidiaries of the urban council which was founded two years ago .
Five years ago , the town did n't have any garbage control services to manage the domestic rubbish .
With this garbage control system , household waste being collected on weekly basis and transported to recycling centers .
The recycling centers sort these garbage and are put into different categories to be recycled , categorized garbage are then transported to the recycling process in the nearest factory .
Two years ago , the council started a wastebasket distributing program among the villages with the intention of easing the garbage collection process .
With this approach , it is very convenient for the workers who are engaged in the garbage control service because they can collect all the garbage of a village in one place .
Meanwhile , the urban council highly discourage the use of plastic products and other artificial materials for the sake of our own cleanliness .
Villages on the other hand , doing their best to reduce the load of domestic waste .
Nowadays lots of people are discussing the problems of life in the next 50 years . in 50 years ,
surely , science and technology will
progress , and this could have some pros and cons .
I think that in 50 years the public transport will be more efficient .
planes , trains and buses will be faster and maybe thanks to the progress of technology we could beam - up every where .
Also thanks to the progress of medicine we will achieve some important goals .
doctors will be able to cure also lethal diseases .
This will be a great achievement !
body - communication , for example , will lose his importance . all the communication will be virtual , people will speak only on social networks .
I think that this will be dramatic ! also all relationships and friendships will be virtual , and that is absurd .
we will become robots , no longer people !
Hello Harry ,
Everything is going great !
What 's about you ?
I 'm so pleased you 're waiting for me .
You asked me what time would i arrive .
According to the schedule train arrives to platform # 5 of Central Station at 9 am .
Hope you wo n't stuck in the morning jam .
Then what about my look .
( With this letter I 'll send you my new photo , but ) anyway I think you can recognize me by my old photo .
Just in case I 'll be wearing that yellow hat you sent me last year .
Do you remember it ?
I 'm so excited to spend these weeks with you and I 'm really pleased to meet Eileen .
Maybe I should bring her smt from here ?
what she prefers?(I remember you said she liked chocolate .
For sure she has to taste our local chocolate .
Or maybe she wants smt else ?
Ask her . )
I madly want to visit ferries wheel in London .
Hope we 'll have enough time to go there .
Also we can go to some parks that I think are incredible there .
Anyway we 'll discuss where to go after my arrival .
( So do n't need to hurry now . )
Thanks for care .
Looking forward to meet you and your family as soon as possible !
Hope we 'll have fantastic holiday together !
Kind regards ,
Francois
Faces in the Crowd is an excellent option for those like me who love watching thriller movies .
It tells the story of a beautiful woman , played by the always stunning and talented actress Milla Jovovich , who is pulled off a bridge by a mysterious serial killer .
Despite surviving the attack , Milla loses the ability of recognize faces , and thus she can not tell people apart , which means anyone could be the psycho who tried to kill her , and she could be in great danger .
As time goes by , Milla learns how to identify people 's body gestures , as she becomes more confident with her new ability , her life come slowly back to normal , but not for too long , for she becomes suspicious the murderer can be closer then she would ever expect .
No one can figure it out until the very end .
People are young or old , rich or poor , go through stages of ups and downs in their lives .
For most of friends in the dorm of University of Education , Mimi is just an ordinary girl , neither beautiful nor smart .
But for Michael , she is his world .
He loves Michael at first sight when he first met and tried to take any advantages of opportunities to win her heart .
There is no doubt that the Southerner in Vietnam have prejudices against Northerner for a long time .
It is unfortunate for Michael to get access to her because she is a Southerner .
Overcoming much prejudices and obstacles from her family , he proved to be a loyal and sincere man who Mimi can lay her hope on .
But everything has changed since he came to Danang city to further study .
He began to have intimate relationships with other beautiful young girls there and broke his promises- " Wait for me !
I love you forever and I will come back very soon .
I'll never love any girls but you " .
In terms of love , he did n't love her anymore but he still kept contact with her .
Poor Mimi!.
She did n't know anything and still waited in pain .
She could have got married with a talented man if she had n't believed in what Michael had said to her .
Everything is fine until the end of last summer when she had some days off and made an important decision to go on a holiday trip to visit her boyfriend without any notice for him as a resault of causing completely surprises .
Never in her life had she been to as crowded a city as Danang so she feft very nervous but extremely excited about meeting her lover soon .
Right after from taking off the plane , she traveled to his dorm to meet him with a view of satisfying her long waiting for him .
The more excited she is , the more dissappointment she had . Mimi catch sight of her lover was kissing another young girl in his room .
She burst into tears making efforts to leave that room as fast as possible .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Dear Mikel ,
Hey!how are you ? How is life going ? Hope your done with your prestigious exams that you told me about .
Anyway I ve recently been organizing an environment saving event for our breathtaking city by doing a recycling campaign .
Since your dad has recycling factory I taught that he would be pleased getting the bottles and the other recyclable material as well .
Aswell as you know in our country there 's trash being thrown everywhere and most of the things that are thrown are recyclabe .
This is the main reason why our environment is getting destoryed .
The charity I chose to invest in was the envirosavers charity , as they have recently done a good job in re - building animal habitats so I taught that they might need money since they just spend money in building habitats .
İn the event there will be charged entertainments for all age groups , there will be live music , we also have a lottery which will be going on .
Waiting for your response and help on they day do n't forget no amount is too small .
Ertan
Hi Mary !
Thank you for your letter .
It was great to hear from you .
It has been such a long time since we wrote to each other .
The first thing I want to say is that I am really surprised about you finally decide to start with music 's lessons .
You never told me that you were thinking of playing an instrument .
What kind of instrument are you going to play ?
In my opinion , you should try to organise a schedule for your activities .
Do nt forget to have time enough to go out with your family and friends there !
If I were you , I would try a period of proof for a month .
If you do n't follow the schedule , you should give up one of them .
For instance , you have been doing sport since I met you so as to give up it for a season .
Do n't you think so ?
I hope that 's useful.good luck and let me know how you get on .
Looking forward to hearing from you soon
Dear Mrs Elisa Stephens ,
I 'm Vincenzo Manna , an engineering student who , by means of linguaenglish , is going to spend three weeks in Brighton ( as you already know , my colleague Gelsomina Davide and I are arriving next 27th of July ) .
I would like to ask you just a piece of information .
Once I arrive at the airport , is it better to catch a bus or a train which let me reach Brighton ?
Surfing the Internet , I have found that if I catch a bus I will be able to get off in several station ( Coach station , Patcham , Preston Circus and so on ... ) while travelling by train I can choose between Brighton and New Brighton .
So , could you tell me what is the best way to reach your house ?
I hope to improve my English skills thanks to this journey , and especially my listened and spoken English .
In fact , I am studying a lot to pass the CAE examination ( Certificate in Advanced English ) , but I am facing several difficulties .
Also for this reason , I have chosen to spend this period in a family .
Indeed , I think this is the best way to improve , listening to and speaking with native English people .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you soon ,
Yours sincerely ,
Vincenzo Manna
My name is Pawarit Chonlahat so I lived in Bangkaen district since 2010.I found that this area is changed so rapidly , such as , Now it have a lot of condomedium were buildeda long the main road and nowaday this area has a big shopping mall and modern hospital and large police station that 's make my life so convenience and safe because i can walk from my house to go to shopping mall about 10 minutes other that i can walk to hospital just about 5 minute so i did n't worry when i got sick and The large police station is set in front of the hospital that can assure safety for everyone who live in this area .
For this reason , This is the adventages of living in this area but because of many populations in this area that make traffic in every rush hours especially in the morning very jam and take so long time to drive a car to work that is the disadvantages for living in this area so , In my opinion , this area should have improved transportation infrastructure like investment in Sky train system to link covered around this area .
Mary and Amber were having lunch at a restaurant .
They were very excited about choosing the foods on the menu because they were first time eating here .
However , Mary saw a young man with baseball cap taking away something .
When she saw the second time , she found that was Amber 's backpack .
Mary yelled loudly at the young man to call him stop and everyone in the restaurant noticed about him .
The young man dropped down the backpack rapidly and tried to run away .
To his surprised , Amber and the manager of this restaurant had already stood in front of the door .
The manager told them that this guy had stolen many stores in the town , finally they got him .
As a result , even thought he kept expressing his apologist to Amber , she still decided to call the police .
After the police took him away , Mary and Amber kept enjoying their food .
The best of all is that the manager said their meal is free .
Although the two movies are of complete different genres , similarities still exist .
The stories of Stephanie and Ali in Rust and Bones , and Pat and Tiffany in the Silverlinings Playbook all began with their lives going through life - altering events .
In Rust and Bones , Stephanie injures herself in a brawl outside of a club and wakes up to realize she had her legs amputated .
Ali , an unemployed father in his mid-20s who is struggling to make ends meet and support his young son , saves Stephanie and helps her get back on her feet .
As they support each other through their hardships , love stems .
Similarly , Pat and Tiffany were also going through hard times when they first met .
Pat had just gotten out of rehab for bipolar disorder whereas Tiffany , a widow , who had just lost her job .
Once again , their relationship began as friends and transforms into love as they help each other conquer personal challenges .
In sum , both movies portrayed love as a chemistry reaction that stems out when two people willing to help each other out of life challenges .
In the movie of Rust and Bone , Ali takes Stephanie going out and swimming , even has sex with her , helping Stephanie to restore her life .
On the other hand , after Ali starts his kickboxing career , Stephanie always cares about his conditions , then becomes his middleman .
Same as Rust and Bone , in the movie of Silver Linings Playbook , Pat companies with Tiffany to break away from the past ; and Tiffany help Pat to get the courage to find the way back into love .
All they want to do is to repair the love meanings and find happiness in their life .
Both the movies lead happy endings to the leads .
In the end of Rust and bone , Stephanie is back to her life because of Ali 's support .
Ali realizes he loves Stephanie and he wo n't be the man he used to be anymore , who do n't believe in love and only want one night stand .
And in Silver Linings Playbook , Pat and Tiffany , who both used to stuck in their misfortune in the pass , leave their pass behind and move on with each other 's love and support .
This two movies give us a concept : no matter how worse the lives are , love can make people brave and find out the value of lives again .
Albeit those things in common , at the beginning of the movies , the depression of characters came from different situation .
Pat and Tiffany are trapped in their psycologically difficulties ; Pat 's desire of his ex - wife can not be fulfilled , while Tiffany can not get over her guilty of her husband 's death .
However , characters in Rust and Bone are suffering from declined life quality ; Stephanie lost her legs , and Ali is an impecunious man .
Although their hearts are all empty , the harsh environment is more hard to survive .
In addition , love is portrayed in different ways in these two movies .
Silver Linings Playbook , as a Hollywood movie , describes the love story in a hilarious tone .
The scene is bright and the rhythm is light even if in the saddest section .
Rust and Bone , on the other hand , presents story in a realistic way .
The director does not avoid brutal scenes because those are exactly parts of real life .
In conclusion , every love movie may be interpreted in diverse ways , whereas people could always find distinct inspiration .
In my opinion , being included in the fresh TV news is a huge contribution , great opportunity to introduce yourself in the way you like it .
It is possible to find many examples which confirms that argument .
In these times , we can follow sbd 's Twitter newsfeed , ' like ' his Faceboog fanpage and , of course , follow news about those famous people .
They 're being followed constantly by paparazzi , their private photos are being bought for millions of dollars .
Of course being in a similar situation does n't seem to be easy but I think that it is one of the prices of being famous .
We should n't underestimate the importance of societal and environmental problems .
They both must be solved because of their great negative influence on the world .
On the one hand , I think that the most significant is societal problems because they cause other problems including environmental one .
People always use nature and its resources to satisfy their needs .
However , people have exploited the nature since the last century .
Their activities caused lots of negative consequences such as air , water and land pollution , deforestation and climate change .
These issues are so burning in developing countries .
Whereas developed countries became aware of these problems , poor countries have plenty of societal problems , so they continue to influence the environment in a negative way .
That 's why I consider that societal issues are the most dangerous .
For example , developing countries can not protect the environment because of their poverty , low incomes , and population illiteracy .
On the other hand , sometimes environmental problems can be a reason for societal one .
It took place when some natural disasters happened .
Such disasters as earthquakes , floods and tornados affect a lot of people every year .
It has an unwilling impact on society as people are forced to save their lives , leave or renovate their houses , look for clothes , food and others .
Unfortunately , we can not pretend natural disasters , but we can solve societal problems .
In my opinion , the main decision is to develop people 's potential , increase their awareness of personal effects on nature .
If people take responsibility for their actions , we will avoid plenty of consequences .
As for me , we can achieve this through developing leadership .
We must have strong leaders who will strive for a beautiful world .
People ca n't satisfy their limitless needs ; they think only about their wealth .
A good leader must form a society , show an example and provide better values for people .
He must inspire others to achieve appropriate goals and to do their best for the world .
In my organization , we strive for peace in the world .
We believe that we can develop leadership in each person and such ways we can avoid a lot of global problems .
This exchange program will give me the required knowledge that I can use effectively to develop Ukrainian society .
Sometimes I have an opportunity and desire to do something whereas I do n't know how to do it properly .
I hope this international experience will teach me how to work on increasing country welfare .
Though the new problems occur quickly in our state some people and community , try to do their best to develop the civil and democratic society .
We need external help to find out how to cope with both societal and environment problems .
Moreover , our country pays little attention to them so population should do everything on their own .
For instance , I hope I will be able to get to know everything about recycling rubbish and economizing energy .
These skills are necessary for us , and they help us to improve a little our ecological situation .
In conclusion , each problem must be solved concerning societal and environmental issues that impede a further progress of our civilization .
What is more , this project will give me available experience including specific skills that I can use to spread healthy tendency in the social sphere and careful attitudes to the environment .
Television can entertain everybody today , it does n't matter the age , can be a baby or an oldest person , we can notice that there are interesting topics for all kinds of audience .
It 's a multimedia device that while you watch TV , you can listen and see other people or cartoons , and it seems the characters are alive talking directly to you .
Today the networks have a schedule of 24 hours of activities , you can watch the programs at any time you want to , and if you do n't like a program you can change the channel and watch anything else , if the increase of channels and the competitiveness , the audience has increased also its power of choice .
We have the power to choose what we want , but with so many options we must be aware of our own decisions , I want to say that , although we have so many options , not all of them are effective for us , we are able to decide if we 'd rather see a comedy or a documentary .
The programs tend to reproduce our real life and our desires , such as a soap opera which presents characters with difficult in their lives , but there are also the solution of all problems at the end , the lady get married and live happily with his love forever .
Although they have a nice ending we need to remember that the real life is different and the difficult makes part of our lives , they are there to us to give value to everything we have and to remember us how fragile and , at the same time , how powerful we are .
We can also watch a documentary that teach us a lot !
There are documentaries produced with so many careful that they provide us with a lot of information , sometimes it 's much better than reading a book or having a class .
Having said that , we just need to remember to be aware of what we want to receive from TV while we are choosing a program to watch and be happy with our choices !
Pros and cons - cars in major city centres
In the last 10 years , every second family has more than one car and most of the times each member of the family drives his own car .
Many of the automobile owners live in big towns and often they park their cars in the city centres , where they work or study .
Recently , governments in many countries , put a ban for parking or even a ban for driving in major city centres , because this leads to increasing traffic jams .
Moreover , cars pollute the air significantly and it becomes unhealthy for breathing .
In many towns are built underground parking places , where you can leave your car when you have some work in the city centre .
Only public transport is permitted on the main streets , because it is used from lot of people .
Some drivers are not keen on this ban , because this is inconvenient for them .
They do not like travelling with buses or trams .
In my opinion , these measures related to ban of cars in the city centres are effective and limit the traffic jam and the air pollution .
How does Shakespeare make ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' magical ?
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' Shakespeare creates a magical mood and setting by using characters , such as the fairies , and events ( such as transforming Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head ) .
The use and misuse of magic of magic plays a vital role in ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' .
Each character in this play , who is able to do magic , uses it in a different way , for example : to help ; for their own need .
The good use of magic is when Oberon use ' love in idleness ' to make or rather " force " Demetrius to fall in love with Helena .
He uses it to help her and try to solve the problems in the lovers relation ship as Lysander and Demetrius are in love with Hermia consequently Helena in love with Demetrius .
It 's almost a love triangle !
The misuse of magic is when it causes an argument between the Athenians .
As Puck mistakes Lysander for Demetrius and squeezes the potion into his eye , the whole conflict begins .
This whole dispute could have been avoided if not for Puck 's mistake .
However , just as magic caused this chaos , it also resolved in it .
Without the misuse of magic , the plot would n't be the same .
There 's be no humour to make it interesting .
In this play , the fairies are almost like the heart of the book .
It is because of the magic of the fairies , the actions in this book is like a dream .
The fairies nearly control everything .
The weather changes due to Oberon and Titania 's argument , which makes ' contagious fogs'(2:1:90 ) and ' hoary - headed frosts'(2:1:107 ) .
The fairies also affect nature as Oberon 's and Titania 's dispute results in the wind ' piping ' to them in ' vain'(2:1:88 ) .
Due to having fairies as characters , it adds magic as fairies do n't exist in the human world .
It creates unreality and fantasy .
The beautiful language of the fairies ( verse ) takes us away from the ordinary human world that usually talk in prose .
The fairies ' magic is built by the contrast of the lives of the fairies and " mortals " .
As a reoccurring theme , Puck 's use of magic creates humour , conflict and balance in the play .
Puck 's magic also adds to his naughty , cheeky , attractive character in this play .
The magic of turning Bottom 's head into one of an ass ' , adds more humour to already the self - confident character of Bottom .
This also leads to more humour as Titania falls in love with Bottom and calls him her ' sweet love'(4:3:30 ) .
It also creates the comparison of Titania , a beautiful , delicate creature , whilst Bottom is completely grotesque .
The idea of Titania having a ' flowery bed'(4:1:1 ) and the idea of Bottom , at that time , looking ' monstrous ' and ' strange'(3:1:91 ) creates a distinction .
The image of the elegant fairy queen referring to a man with a donkey head as her ' lover'(3:2:186 ) seem ridiculous .
Oberon 's use of magic is mainly used to help people .
As well as for his need , he uses his magic to help ' A sweet Athenian lady ' ' in love'(2:2:260 ) namely Helena with her situation with Demetrius in Act 2 .
Therefore , he is shown as a sympathetic character .
However , Oberon also uses his magic to get the changeling boy from Titania .
When Oberon finds out that Puck has transformed Bottom 's head into a donkey 's head , he gets annoyed at first at Puck 's mistake but later realizes that Titania has fallen in love with a ' vile thing'(2:2:40 ) , a man with an ass ' head .
In the book , Titania does n't seem to use her magic much , nevertheless , she uses it a few times .
Titania 's uses her magic to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) the bride bed so that Theseus and Hippolyta would have beautiful children and live a happy , married life .
In the book , she is n't shown using it for her own need .
Titania 's fairies are also characters who use magic . They use it to protect their ' fairy queen'(2:2:12 ) from ' spotted snakes with double tongue ' , ' newts and blindworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
Their magic , like Oberon , is used to help people nevertheless not for themselves .
Also , the fairies language is magical as most of their lines are spells and sound as if they were in a fairy tale .
The clothes of the fairies and their lives are also magical .
The place where Titania sleeps is full of ' oxlips ' and ' eglantine ' .
She sleeps on a bower and she wants a fan made of wings of butterflies .
The food they eat like ' apricocks'(3:1:152 ) and ' mulberries ' ( 3:1:153 ) sound exotic as well as not being our daily meals or snacks which also shows another contrast between the humans and fairies .
The fruits , used above , also sound like ones that would be found in a forest(berries ) .
The language of the fairies creates magic by imagery that is absolutely exquisite .
Most of us probably haven't heard of ' oxlips ' ( 2:2:250 ) and ' woodbine'(2:2:251 ) .
Even the sound of these two words sound like fantasy .
Shakespeare 's choice of words creates this .
He talks about ' musk - roses'(2:1:252 ) and ' wild thyme'(2:2:249 ) giving us this image of this beautiful land , with green grass and all sorts of flowers .
This image will probably look like where the fairies live or associate it with a fairy tale .
By doing this , we begin to realize the magic in this play .
In ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' there are many spells , e.g.
Flower of this purple dye ,
Hit with Cupid 's archery ,
Sink in apple of his eye .
When his love he doth espy ,
Let her shine as gloriously
As the Venus of the sky .
When thou wak'st , if she be by ,
Beg of her remedy .
OBERON(3:2:102 - 109 )
The language used in this spell contains many references to nature ( ' Venus ' and ' Sky ' ) .
This is how it creates magic and creates the setting as in William Shakespeare 's time , they did n't use many props .
Just by reading this , you can imagine this fairy king chanting a spell on a purple flower called ' love in idleness ' and you can understand Cupid ( the Greek god of love ) had blessed this flower with his archery , giving you an understanding that this is a love potion .
Shakespeare has also used metaphors and similes such as ' let her shine as gloriously as the Venus of the sky ' to create the thought that Helena should look like a ' goddess , nymph , ' in addition to being ' perfect ' and ' divine'(3:2:137 ) .
He uses indirect word , e.g. He does n't just say love potion .
Shakespeare says ' Flower of this purple dye , Hit with Cupid 's archery ' causing mystery and letting us think about what he means .
Shakespeare also uses the idea of magic in his conversations with other characters for example : when Titania speaks to Oberon in 2:1:60 - 145 , she mentions nature many times .
She refers to the Moon as ' the governess of floods'(2:1:103 ) and refers to the seasons quite a lot .
She describes the winter as ' angry'(2:1:112 ) as Winter is sometimes thought of a miserable season .
The fairies recite their sentences as if they were a poem or song . '
Spotted snakes ' and ' Thorny hedgehogs'(2:2:9 - 10 ) are references to animals .
Animals , insects and plants are commonly referred to in ' ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' and these descriptions add to the magic .
It creates the sense that the fairies thought that the animals were dangerous and the way they describe them engages the reader .
The description of the animals and insects makes them seem as if they were evil spirits to the fairies and spirits are magical .
This play also refers to ' sleep ' and dreams .
After all the book is called ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' .
Due to the magic , the bizarre events were interpreted as a dream as there 's be no easier way to make the humans understand the events that had just happened .
Thinking of it as a dream creates innocence and vulnerability .
Also , the thought of all four lovers having the same dream makes it seem strange and magical to them .
Also , Shakespeare uses the thought of plays .
He adds the play ' Pyramus and Thisbe ' which is a bit like a mini play based on the storyline ' A Midsummers Night 's Dream ' as there are two lovers whose parents do n't permit their marriage .
When the ' mechanicals ' or workers change into their characters , it is a bit like magic .
The characters in the play like ' moonlight ' are basic ideas of transformations like ones that magic creates .
Also , there is the idea of the alteration of form that Bottom 's head gets ' translated'(3:1:104 ) expresses the magical feeling that again this is not possible in the human world .
Potions are also used to show a sense of magic .
In the human world , they did n't use spells or potions .
At this time , the idea of potions might seem unrealistic and silly but by reading this and the events the potion conjures creates magic .
The effect that ' love in idleness ' has in the play , creates the plot and so potions play a main role in the book .
Without magic , the play would not have the same elements of humour .
Also , the absence of magic would alter the overall plot .
The repetitive theme of magic plays a significant role in the play .
To summarize my points , I personally think that Shakespeare presented magic in the play by using thoughts such as transformations , spells , potions and aspects that do n't exist in the human world .
I personally think , without magic , this book will not be as popular or engaging .
Shakespeare has done it again !
By Pravinija Mukherjee
7Y
Luxor is an amazing city in the south of Egypt .
you will enjoy the friendly atmosphere here .
If you like to go shopping , you will have multiple choices .
you can buy souvenirs from the east or west bank .
If you like artworks and antiques , you can go shopping for stone sculptures in addition to papyrus there .
Lovers of gold and silver can get real bargains at bazaar shops .
You can enjoy your time here .
You will never forget this amazing experience and the fragrance of the land of pharaohs , legends and history .
The city of Old Thebes
Nowadays most schools and universities are helping students to find their most suitable jobs .
This is caused by the changes that the labor market has experimented recently .
Enterprises want to recruit young and experienced people and universities and schools have noticed that so they are hands on the task .
I shall consider two of the proposed methods .
It has been suggested to offer " work experience programs " .
Students will be able to know deeply their task as employers .
It seems a brilliant idea not only because of the knowledge that they acquire but for the experience that it could bring them .
Some enterprises require experienced employers and if young people have it , they will be more likely to be recruited in the workplace .
So , including in the CV the experience , seems to me , a step further in the students ' career .
Another way to encourage students to find the perfect job would be courses and qualification .
I entirely share this idea .
Universities are supposed to give their students information about the skills that a work involves .But sometimes universities gives them more theoretical formations instead of practical formation which enterprises are searching .
Generally speaking students finish their degrees with a limited range of experience .
I would therefore argue that the best way to help students is to combine a kind of " training " for their work life and some theoretical knowledge .
They have to learn the skills that a job involve and the only way to get this is practicing .
Now a day 's we are having " n " number of International Sports , where one can prove their own talent and have their socialism .
My favourite sport is Badminton because we can have lots of fun while playing .
The shape of the court is in rectangle and is divided in half by a net .
The mode of playing can be single 's or double 's .
There are six main shorts : the serve , the clear , the smash , the drop , the forehand and the backhand .
It 's a good exercise to make one fit and easy to play .
The fun in this game is we need to drop the shuttlecock on the other side of the court and wait 's until the opponent responses to it .
My suggestion for the people who wants to start their hobby as badminton , firstly one need to know the rules and regulations of the play .
As it 's a mind set game , the player need to focus on the weaknesses and act accordingly .
To be a successful player one has to learn some tricks , which helps their game easier .
And last but not least as a player one has to keep in mind that , they should not get depressed when they feel that their game is going out of their hands , where instead of that one has to fight until the last mint of the game in order to decide whether the player is winner or loser .
Thus by boosting themselves lead to success .
Hi Jo ,
I am very pleased to hear that you finally manage to open your restaurant .
I 'm really sorry that I can not accept your offer to work at your restaurant .
I 'm very busy with my new job and with the kids .
But I have someone in mind that can help you at the restaurant is my sister Sorina you met her at my party .She is a lovely girl , hard working , flexible you will love to work with her .
She has lot of experience , she worked in a restaurant for 5 years and also can cook .
Let me know if you are interested to know her better .
Yours ,
Stela
I am very glad to hear that you will come to my country .
In Viet Nam , many places are worth travelling such as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or especially Ninh Thuan .
I went to Ninh Thuan two weeks ago , and I could make sure that it is one of the most beautiful beaches in Viet Nam .
From Ho Chi Minh City , you could go easily to Ninh Thuan by train and it takes you only 6 hours .
VH Bay in Ninh Thuan is assumed as one of the best bays in Viet Nam so that I especially recommend you to go there .
To experience well , you should stay here at least three days .
Last time , I just had a chance to stay for two days , and I felt regret when I got home .
Looking for a job in Viet Nam is not easy for a foreigner like you now .
However , if you are able to cook , I think you will be fine .
Besides , you could sell your own food on the streets , which sounds very interesting .
Just keep thinking about these advise and let me know if you have any concerns .
I am looking forward to seeing you .
Meet the Film Club every Monday at the College theatre
A student group use to meet at the College Theatre every Monday for watching films and afterward discuss about them , but you 're not alone !
Each Monday there is invited a different guest speaker to the Film Club for manage the discussion with a good drink thanks to the Coffee Bar special late opening .
Famous directors as Ridley Scott and Alejandro Amenábar came to the club in the last weeks .
They spoke about their films from a point of view that will discover you a new wonderful way of interpret the meaning of the iconic messages that they 've introduce into their movies .
On the next season there 's going to be a new cycle about WWII and Tom Hanks and Matt Damon will visit the Film Club for speaking about the film where they appeared " Saving Private Ryan " and their process to get involved into their characters for a real - like acting .
CONCLUSION
If you love the cinema or if you only want to take a break in your daily routine and meet new people and make new friends you ca n't lose this great opportunity to turn a grey Monday into an amazing start of the week .
Some people argue that , when the weekend is coming they wonder what to do just for one day!They would like to have a rest .
However , they want to go out and spend time with their families , as well .
So , where to go ? What to do ?
I 'm suggesting you choose between two different places : beach or mountain .
If you prefer to go to the beach but you are not sure what to do there , here are some special ideas to consider .
Fisrt of all , remember to take food that can be eaten easily without much mess ( Spanish omelette , fried chicken brest , sandwiches , ships ... ) and , moreover , you can buy some drinks and water because it is fun to eat at the beach and people usually get hungry often after they do something like swimming , jumping the waves , surfing and so on .
Playing in the sand burying people one another or making sandcastles might be a great way to spend a day outdoors .
Nevertheless , if you do n't like sand at all , you can choose the other option in the mountain .
It could be a different way to spend a quiet day in a peaceful , placid and restful place .
Furthermore , going on a hike among trees with a cool breeze around you can be the kind of place that allows you to forget the busy ciy life , though .
Theerefore , which one of these two places would you choose ?
In my opinion , no matter where you go , just take your camera and take photos in order to be able to remember that wonderful , amazing even unforgettable moment .
At the end , the most important thing is to have and enjoy a relaxing time .
Purpose
The purpose of this report is to showcase the in which power consumption is reduced , joined by the saving of natural resources in my city .
Measures being taken
In Cluj , in each year , during the summer , the local authorities give citizens the opportunity to rent bicycles , thing that can reduce the air pollution produced by car fumes .
They also encourage people to use bicycles not to consume so much fuel .
Their success
Surprisingly , people support this project and every year the number of bicycles rented raises .
More andmore people start wondering about their health , thing that makes them use their cars not as often as they used to .
More things that could be done
The localauthorities can also organise events in which they can encourage people tostart saving natural resources like water , or to convince people that power consumption can be reduced in many other ways .
Great Eats !
La Cacharrería is a small , Spanish restaurant in the old town of Cáceres .
It is a popular place .
The interior is simple .
The tables are small and tall but they are comfortable .
The atmosphere is friendly and relaxed .
There is a little courtyard with three tables .
La Cacharreriaes a tapas restaurant so you can choose lots of different , small dishes and share them .
I try something new each time I go there , but I often order the humus , I love it .
I also recommend the zucchini flower or the salads .
The food is always fresh .
the desserts are delicious and original .
The service at La Cacharreria is very good .
The Waiters are really helpful .
They are always happy to explain the different dishes and recommend well .
Another thing about this restaurant is that it is cheap , about 20E per person .
La Cacharrería has a disadvantage , you ca n't reserve a table and it is very popular .
I recommend La Cacharería , because it is a great place for a quiet meal with friends .
Hi Ryan ,
This is just a quick e - mail to apologise because I forgot to ask you if you want to come to celebrate the end of the year .
Finally , to say that we 're going to eat at Telepizza .
I hope your answer soon .
Bye ,
Aranzazu .
Sleeping to much is a relief , but for others it can be torture .
Different factors such as stress , psychological problems , noise , lights that do not let you rest .
" Sleep and Your Health " talks about this .
Mention 3 things we should do to sleep better and be healthy as well , which will discuss below .
The first step to better sleep is to recognize that maybe I can have a sleep disorder .
Taking me as an example , I do not think I have a sleep disorder .
I do not have trouble sleeping , or interrupt my sleep repeatedly .
I sure do not get enough sleep but not a sleep disorder , if not , the pace of life I lead .
The second step is to identify what I could cause the sleep disorder .
Even if you have a disorder , yes I can identify factors that may interrupt my sleep .
The reading speech of many , but with whom I identify most is caffeine before sleeping and eating heavy before bedtime .
I definitely need to pay attention to these factors and that way I can see improvement .
The third and final step is to try to identify problems at first .
It is very important to know how we can improve our health .
There are different medications or even natural things to improve these conditions .
Help and put into practice these tips will help us have a healthier life .
In summary , it is important to pay attention to our health .
Read things that can help us live better can be very helpful .
Implement each council and tell others about your improvements , is a good way to help others .
So for now we must sleep well to be healthier .
My favourite sport .
Let me tell you about my favorite sport .
I like many types of sports but I prefer swimming .
Swimming is my favourite sport .
I practise it every day in my school .
We have a swimming pool in our school and we swim from 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. When I swim I feel very happy and relaxed .
The benefits of swimming are that your body is healthy and your brain is alert .
To practise this sport first you have to meet someone who teaches you how to swim because it is a beautiful sport but it is also dangerous .
You have to have a good coach and a good swimsuit .
If you try it you can do it .
Karen
Some people think there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient .
Cars actually have many advantages .
However , it does n't mean the public transport have to disappear .
The main reason to consider there is future for public transport is that , according to ecologists , we must cut down the massive use of cars .
The pollution level is more and more increased by this excessive use .
Then , the public transport is needed to avoid more problems in the atmosphere and save the planet .
What 's more , not only increases it the pollution , but also turns out to be dangerous for our sense of hearing .
In addition , I think the public transport is a necessary service which we should have access to .
Everyone ca n't afford a car or , for any reason , are n't able to drive one .
Therefore , it is too important to go on with a public transport business now and in the future .
In conclusion , from my point of view , people from all over the world would rather travel by car than travel by public transport but we 'd better use this means of transport if we want to continue living in accurate conditions .
Dear Mr .
Garo ,
Please find below clarification related to the below issue :
During a meeting with head of the department in MOH I was complaining about service of the microscope by their staffs ( almost 99.9%from Olympus Microscopes are not under Service Contract , and handling by Electronic W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suggested to provide the required training for his all staffs , in order to improve the quality of Olympus Microscopes service .
Next day I have received a call from one of the technician Mr. Humam Altannous ( who was compliant against us ) and asking to repair the Microscopes in Malariya Lab ( which are not under warranty or Contract ) .
I explained to him the standard protocol that it should be send a official repair request in order to proceed with repair the unit .
But he is not ready to accept it and asking us to come and repair the unit without any repair request issued . please note that our telephone conversation was only for 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehaving and mistreating me and hang - up the phone ) .
He was not asking any Manual / trouble shooting instruction during our call what he mentioned in his email .
Next day I was compliant against him with the Head of the department , during that time only I came to know that he is one of the technician who is taking care of repairs of the Microscopes in the department , and his Manager requested me to not repair any unit without official request , beside he will come back to me regarding my complaint against his employee .
Please note that we are keeping a good relation with our customers and always giving our good service as well .
We hope that above explanation is sufficiently clear and exhaustive .
Thanks for your kind understanding
Due to there will be an international festival for young people in our region , I have written that report in order to know the preferences of them and the trends which are on nowadays .
Firstly , I have asked about the music that is listened to and about their favourites styles and groups and the results showed us that they are n't similar compared to music they liked a few years ago .
In fact , they hardly ever can defined themselves such as pop fans , rockers , ...
In addition , plenty of girls who were interviewed told they could n't stand reggaeton music , however they used to want to listen to it in discos because they could dance .
In my opinion , young people do n't have musical culture and magnificent bands of music like Rolling Stone are going to have remaining in the oblivion .
Secondly , I debated with young people to television programmes that are watched currently .
Most people prefer to watch reality programmes where people have to live with unknown people in order to gossip about them .
However , the documetaries are being forgotten and only a twenty - six percent of them would like watching more interesting TV series like Lost .
Moreover , all of them choose watching TV against reading a book as first option .
Finally , I also talked about the clothes they usually wear .
It is said that you are that you are wearing but in this report , we can check that it is not certain .
Actually , in opposition to the music , young people feel that they can reveal their behaviour and their character by which the clothes are being worn .
Nowadays , all people use the Internet and application everywhere .
Moreover , it is very easy to make friends and communicated with somebody .
First of all , thanks to the internet you can meet or talk to people even if not by your site .
In addition , it 's easier to talk with someone that you do n't meet and you want it .
Furthermore , if you are a shy person , this way is very useful for you because you can talk more directly with someone .
Secondly , if you use the Internet to meeting new people , it 's a good way to finding people with similar interest . You can enter application and you can explain how you look like and someone is interested in you .
Finally , I think that thanks to the internet you can talk with someone who live in Japan , but often you stop talking with someone who is yours front .
In conclusion , I 'm agree that Internet it 's a good way to meeting friends because you can know a lot of people around the world .
The statement - ' There is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient . ' can be discussed in two different aspects .
One way of using transport is to daily travel to work within the city , other way is to use it when you are visiting your friends or family outside the city .
There have been good progress in transport in both the aspects .
Transport has become faster and more convenient , and it can be attributed to lot of factors such as better roads , new technologies and innovations etc .
People who travel daily to work , usually prefer public transport over own car as it is a cheaper option .
Also , as public transport such as metro do not need to face traffic , it is always faster way to reach office .
On the other hand if I would be travelling to see my friends or family in nearby town or just on holiday tour , I would prefer my car .
If you are travelling in your car , it gives you flexibility to choose any way to reach your destination , you can make any number of stoppage , and even stop for your favorite ice cream .
In future ; environment will also become a key factor in determining the state of these transport mediums .
Countries today are trying to reduce their carbon footprints , they are trying to encourage public transport .
This initiative will surely help countries to reduce pollution .
I think education is one of the most important thing for everyone .
In my opinion , it is , probably , the base of the values of every society because our children from now will be the men or women of the future .
In Spain the vast mayority of schools are state schools .
This is the reason for the government decisions of education play an essential role . I have always thought that it should be reached for all .
I studied in a state school and I believe that I get a good education not only academic training but also strong principles to live in society .
The internet and social networks have involved a big change in our knowledge and behaviour front to the world .
From my point of view I feel like we are losing things so important as the effort to reach goals or respectful everyone .
Nowadays , we are living in a global world and we must learn how to live together therefore the education is the only way to achieve it .
For instance , knowing other languages , like English is increasingly day a day .
To sum up , education is , in my opinion , the most important base of any society and it should be reached whole people .
No doubt people need to move from a place to an other .
There are many reasons for travelling , and to travel from one place to an other people use different means .
there are variety of transport mean .
Some are private and some are public .
Public transport means such are trains , planes and buses are known as the most cheap and used by all travelers , and the coast of using them is something that suits the people who earn not so much money .
Where as the private means such as cars and small planes are known as the most expensive .
They cost too much to own them , and to run them .
Their fuel and kits are rather expensive .
The user of the transports mean are differ , the public ones are able to carry big number of travelers , where as the private means used by very little number of people .
This option may be applied on the cargo also .
because the public means of transport can carry a lot , and this help to move cargoes to every where with low coast .
All these points are support the importance of the public transport means , and ensure how useful they are .
In my view , the public transport will keep on offering their services , and will never be effected by the appearance of private means .
Introduction :
This report is intended to evaluate the Active Leisure Club and to give some suggestions to the Club 's new facilities .
Minuses :
The club 's cafeteria , locker rooms and bathrooms are too small for the number of members .
I believe that should be taken in mind when the new facilities are built .
Pluses :
The Club offers a wide range of activities to spend time .
Those activities developed my interest in sports and nature .
The staff must also be congratulated .
Everyone on the organisation was kind , helpful and cheerful .
Recommendations :
Although facilities are well organised , they are too small since more and more people are becoming members of the club .
However , the advantages overcome the worst aspects and I will be happy to join the club again next Summer .
Dear Jo
Thanks a lot for your letter ! I am pleased to hear that everything is well with you and that you are coming to Poland .
I 'm very sorry that I haven't replied earlier , but I had hard time at university .
In my opinion Poland is beautiful country , so you will not be disappointed ! I would recommend you starting your trip in Poznan .
I would love to show you around my city .
Next , you can head to Warsaw .
It 's beautiful city !
I would like to ask you if you like mountains ?
If so , I recommend you to explore Stołowe Mountains - in my opinion it 's the most beautiful place in Poland .
If I were you , I would start looking for a job with checking local advertisements on the Internet .
There are surely a lot of job offers suitable for you !
I think your knowledge of English will be your great advantage .
Best wishes ,
Piotrek
to who may concern
Hereby I am writing in reference to the advertisement published for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , in order to apply for the job
My name is Gerard Jones and rather than telling you that I always wanted to work with children .
I would like to share with you that my younger brother adores me , such as my other cousins whose ages remain as the required standard for going camping .
My expertise is to organise games for children , everybody enjoy the way I develop my strategy and they just ca n't resist the team 's rivalry during the games .
I am also a talented cooker for kids , my view is also trying to convince them that cooking is fun and sometimes they ask me to teach how to make basic dishes such as ommelettes , spaghetti and more .
My plan is to have fun and provide fun with my work for children , I consider myself very patient and I do care for children , in that order of ideas , I would like to apply for the job and if it 's possible , join your next camp in summer .
I appreciate your attention to this letter , do not hesitate to contact me in case you have any doubts
Sincerely ,
Gerard
Doing sports or just watching them ?
Nowadays there are many people who practise sports , but other people prefer just watching them .
On the one hand , doing sports allows you to have a healthier life .
Most doctors recommend doing this .
Doing sports is a good way to forget about real life , you focus on the competition and is like to have a rest from the cotidian life .
On the other hand , doing sports is healthy , despite the fact that there are risky sports that can cause several health problems and could lead you to death , only watching sports seems safer .
In conclusion , personally despite the danger of some sports , doing sports is by far better than just sit in your house and watching them .
Dear sir / madam ,
I 'm so glad to hear that you give me an opportunity to make your club facilities improvement .
It would be a great chance for your club to share my ideas to improve your facilities
Please refer to the good and bad points of your club in my view as below ,
The good points of the club are as below ,
1 . All the people who work in the club are attentive and professional
2 . The facilities are cheap to use
3 . The changing room is very clean
The bad points of the club are as below ,
1 .
The gym of your club is not open from 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
2 .
The temperature of the changing room is too low .
I would like to recommend that the gym opens 7:00 AM for the people who want to visit there little bit earlier and the heating changing room should be fixed .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you that my reply could be a great tip for your club this year .
yours sincerely ,
BTLee
The last film i saw was called " The others " altough is not a recent film .
The film is a horror movie which tells the story of a rich family who lived in an old mansion in an abandoned island after the second world war .
The problem about this mansion is that the same hides a lot of secrets and misteries which are going to be discovered by its temporary owners who are a family whose husband went to war and died so the real ocupants of the house are nicholas , an easily scared boy , his sister anne who turns to be one of the most important characters of the film and their mother who is called grace and has a particulary obsession for catholisism .
The other characters that also take an important part in the movie are the servants .
Bertha / mr.tuttle and the mute girl lidya who also hides a lot of secrets .
The film descrives how the love that a mother can give to her children can easlily turn into an obsession.however,what makes this film so special is that that pretends to be a typical horror movie but at its final scene there is a suddenly change wich turn it more interesting .
It was made in the right place for such an unexpected film as it was made in a big manor on an abandoned foggy island .
I would recomend this film to anyone , even those who are easily scared scared because it is not as the resto of horror movies , it is a film in which you are continuely discovering secrets as if you where another character .
You will have a great time
Public transport was developed for people who were poor and could not afford their own transport .
Public transport is the vehicle for passenger who can travel from one place to another in less money .
At first this transport was appreciated marvelously .
Everyone felt so delighted but unfortunately now people feels uncomfortable when it comes to travel via public transport .
In early days of public transport , people were only stick to their normal routine and did not wish to earn more from their job or work .
Today every single person is curious to earn money as much as they can and the interesting part is that this curiosity is increasing day by day so is their income .
So now almost 80 percent people can afford their own transport .
As people feel comfortable in there own vehicle .
The main advantage of having your own transport is that you do not have to wait for the public transport , you can save your time as you only need to accelerate your own transport and drive to your destination .
Public Transport is slow now , even though they are very comfortable but unfortunately people feel public transport is for poor people and if any middle class or upper class would travel through public transport it would affect his respect .
But still there are so many people who use public transport frequently but that is only their compulsion and poverty .
When they would be financially stable they would surely buy their own vehicle .
So in my opinion I agree with the statement that there is no future of public transport .
It is a well known fact that transport is quite related with pollution .
The exhumed fumes are one of the great problems for the environment .
So that it is a cuestion that required a deeper reflexion for all of us .
Wheter public transport might be the solution , or be more adeccuate or not , it is something with arguments in favour and against .
Firstly , many people think public transport has not future because travelling by car is faster and more independent .
You do not to wait for a specific time to cath the bus , for example .
Secondly , people think buying a car is a cheaper option in long term than travelling by public transport every day .
However , a lot of people are becaming more and more consciencious about how important travelling by public transport is .
One of the most important reasons is precisily to take care of the environment .
Using public transport reduce the pollution .
What is more , when we speak about pollution we are not only talking about exhumes fumes .
We also speak about noise .
I am very happy with the idea to encourage the public transport 's use due to make the cities a better place to live .
If everyone travelled by bus , cities would be a quite different the ones we know now .
Dear Paul ,
To tell you the truth about the concert , I did n't think that it would be cool but it was !
I really liked to work with special effects and the best thing that I learnt a lot about that tehnology .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you !
Best wishes ,
Sasha
Public transportation is the most popular method in travelling to places .
These transportation can be easily found anywhere to reach your destination .
On the other hand , travelling by car is more convenient and safe .
Travelling by car is preferred by some people because of its convenience and advantages .
For example , air bags have been tested to ensure the safety of the passenger and the driver .
In addition to this , we would not take too much time in looking for a bus which would go specifically to our destination .
But we can not deny the fact that public transportation has been around in years and in every country as a means of travel .
Most of the people prefer this kind of transport , especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
Also , this is the cheapest way to get to your preferred location .
I disagree that there is no future for public transportation as it is still widely used all over the world .
Moreover , this has helped a lot of people especially those who can not afford to buy a car .
However , public transportation in the future might be improved and developed and will still be used by many people .
The side effect of depending only on cars as the main transportation are remarkable .
we should encourage public transportation all we can because every city now has huge number of cars run on it 's streets and this number is going up speedy .having this huge increasing of cars that will impact badly in public health & environment and infrastructure .
It is more convenient with modern lifestyle to travel with a car because of the privacy and independently.the remarkable development of car 's luxury and more option .
although it will be over cost in full , car service and effort of concentration on driving all of this negativity you can avoid it easily by using public transportation , it should be cheaper than using your own car you do not have to look after it you can do activities wail you are on it like reading or chatting with your friends or having important phone call
The environment impact is an important factor we should consider , having this number of cars like having thousands of factories in our streets giving us tans of CO2 gas and many other pollution gases.the speed new train or plans or even buses now competing withe car 's speed and even more fast than it in a lot of places .
Using public transportation is better than use individual cars , but we should put more attractive things inside it and should have new designs and more privacy and luxury means , expanding in electric car and other clean energy is very important right now to reduce environment 's pollution as far as we can .
Hi !
How are you ?
Thanks so much for your last letter .
I have never forgotten that funny story about baseball match .
It was so impressive .
Sport is really important .
Hope my thoughts will be interesting for you .
As for my personal experience of sports , I do n't do it professionally .
My future job wo n't be connected with it .
So sport is my hobby , a nice method of having a rest , spending some new unusual life .
Most of all I enjoy playing volleyball and badminton .
There was a such time when I was visiting volleyball club , but I gave it up .
I do n't know why exactly .
Maybe I had n't enough time .
Badminton is what I consider to be favorite .
It 's easy , interesting and funny .
You can train your hands , reaction and legs , because it needs much run .
Usually I do this kind of sports with my sister .
We have a great time .
Moreover , I like to do different physical exercises every morning .
It makes my day more productive .
When it 's a good weather , I enjoy jogging near the house .
How could I forget about cycling ?
To my mind , bike is the best way of traveling .
It 's also useful for cardiovascular system .
I 'm absolutely convinced , everyone should realize that the most important is health and sport really can help .
If you want to keep your body in a good form , you ought to go in for it .
If your figure is nice , you will have a nice mood , wonderful feelings .
So it 's better to choose sport instead computer in order to relax , feel positive emotions .
The Home of the Future
Having lived during the century , which provided humanity with glass houses , question ponders , how will the home of the Future look ?
Predictable , some of the solutions will remain intact .
Any changes would mean a resignation of comfort .
House is to be divided between chambers in order to preserve the privacy of the occupants .
Pieces of furniture , namely chair , table and bed , would remain unchanged .
Nonetheless , the changes will be visible on the interior as well as the exterior .
Buildings will become smaller , yet more functional and organised .
Furthermore , they will be ecological , the main reason using renewable sources of energy .
As a matter of fact , reduction of living space will not be noticeable due to thinner walls .
The windows are bound to be broader .
The electronics will undergo the most evident changes .
The screen will be no longer required for the computers and TV .
All electronic devices will be controlled by the voice thoughts .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing this letter because I am concerned about facilities for shoppers in our area .
First of all , I have to admit I am addicted to shopping and I really like that there is such an extensive shopping area in our town .
I appreciate also that it is located near to the housing estate .
Unfortunately , I think there are some aspects that demand improvements .
In my opinion parking charges are too high .
Furthermore , the shopping area lacks restaurants and entertainment facilities .
People usually become hungry after shopping , so opening eating places in this area would be very beneficial .
In addition , the shops arrangement is actually very messy and finding the store I need is hard .
I would like to propose some solutions , as well .
The parking should be free of charges , it would attract more people and increase the income overall .
Moreover , you should change the arrangement of shops and divide the whole area to certain sections ( e.g. clothes , food , and house ) .
Finally , opening restaurants with different types of food and entertainment facilities like movie theatres and gyms should be considered .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
My favourite sport is undoubtedly jogging .
I am very lucky because not far from my home there are three parks so I can practise this sport whenever I want .
Usually I jog three days a week and , honestly , I could n't do without !
Running in contact with nature allows me to relax after work and recharge my energies .
Once finished my training , I go home , take a shower and ... I feel like a new woman ! !
My advice for those people who want to take up this sport is to start gradually .
They can begin to jog for 15 minutes and then increasing the time so that their body can get used to the muscular effort .
Furthermore , it would be useful having a chronometer to check out your improvement .
I would also recommend to stretch after every work out to avoid any kind of muscular pain .
If you prefer , you can substitute stretching with few yoga exercises as well .
Good jogging ! !
Among young people exist a statement that shopping is always an enjoyable way to spend your free time .
Personally I am not completely agree with this way of thinking .
On the one hand , if you have money and a lot of free time you can spend all day dodging in the mall for only one , special kind of skirt or pair of jeans .
But if you do not have money , prices can only destroy your day because you know that you can not afford it .
The prices in the shops often are very high and clothes are not good qualitatively .
And when you want to buy something in lower price , you need to go to the mall when there are seasonal sales .
But then everybody goes crazy , you need to crowd through the mob , argue with another person for one , special pair of shoes in your size .
For me it is only a torture .
Also you can be robbed because in crowded places you can easily fall prey to pickpockets .
Otherwise you need to have time to walk through all the shops and find what you need , every thing on the rack is calling for your attention , after a while you want to buy everything .
On the other hand if you find a real bargain and buy something in very low price , you will be happy and content for the rest of the day .
But in my case , it happen rarely .
Some people do not want to buy things by network because they want to try on for example clothes .
For me it is not necessary because every seller gives the size of his product and then I can check if this thing will be good for me or not .
Also you can always return it like in the stationery stores .
Summing I prefer doing my shopping by means of websides or auction portals .
There I can easily find what interests me , what is in my size etc .
For me it is easier and faster way to buy what I want , often in better price .
The diagrams illustrates the process of making bank notes .
The first step is design which includes background colour , artwork and security issues .
Then move to the next step , preparation of metal plates , while skilled machinists is needed in this process .
Printing is quite related to the first two steps because the design and skilled machinists should both be considered .
And when the sheets of bank notes are being printed , colour on both sides , special ink and slightly raise image should on the bank note .
The most important step is inspection , where printed sheets should be inspected manually and carefully .
It divides sheet of bank notes into three types , which are good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets or bank notes separated into good and bad and bad sheets .
However , there is a big difference between these three types .
If the quality of sheets and bank notes are good , then they will be packaged and distributed .
Conversely , bad sheets and bank notes will be destroyed .
Ms / Mr head of department :
My name is Elvira Vergara and I apply for the job in the summer camp of your advertisement .
I am pretty energetic , hard - worker and , also , I know to speak English really well and a bit of Italian language .
Besides , I think I would be a good worker for you because I know cooking and how I look after the children .
In addition , I am very keen on children and teach them the marvels of the environment .
I have worked in activities out - of - school before and in other summer camps in the south of America too .
Also , I have studied teaching and I practised with my father , who is a teacher . I have done swimming since I was five , so I could teach your children 's camp about swimming and other sports like basket or hockey .
I would like working with your company because I have studied for this and I love it .
Besides , I need the money to become free and no depend more of my parents .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Contact me by email .
Thanks
Sincerely ,
Elvira
There are so many options on television that sometimes it 's hard to make up your mind , do n't you think ?
You can watch reality shows , cartoons and wherever you want .
You can see international channels and live shows around the world , something that in the past could be too good to be true .
On the other hand , when we think about the currently program 's style , even those shown on paid tv , it seems that nothing has changed .
they keep producing the same kind of programs , the same kind of movies and soap operas .
Moreover the repeating is massive , I bet that at least once a week you can find that old series called friends , ca n't you ?
Even knowing that not too much has changed our options nowadays still make the television a very good tool to get a family together and spend an enjoyable time .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to express my dissatisfaction with your service I received when I spent a night at your hotel on 20th March 2014 .
Firstly , I must inform you that I am dissatisfied with the hotel receptionist because he forgot to place my wake - up call and as a result I overslept and I missed my flight .
I had to buy a ticket for the next flight .
Furthermore , I was late for a very important appointment and I lost a lot of money .
I would recommend you to improve your standard and quality of service and to draw your attention to the stuff in your reception .
I believe you give this matter your urgent attention .
I feel that you should refund my cost of staying at your hotel and I demand refunding the cost of another plane ticket I had to buy .
I look forward to receiving your reply or I will be forced to take a legal action .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to inform you about one of the most interesting place in our town .
There is a lot outstanding views and worth visiting places but let me tell you about the Warriors Museum .
The Warriors Museum is the best known museum in the region .
It looks like a castle and there are many rooms with archery from IX to XX .
The torture room is very popular with children but eager fans can also find something suiting them .
Guides are helpful and brainy - you can ask them any questions and they will answer .
The breathing landscapes you can see from a museum are also a great advantage .
The museum is located near the center of city , you can get there by bus in 5 minutes or go for a walk for about 15 minutes .
Tickets cost 15 zlotys for students and 20 zlotys for adults .
I hope I was helpful . I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
My name is Arturo Archuleta , I 'm from Mexico and I 'd like to talk about my favorite sport , " Muay Thai " .
The first time practicing Muay Thai was 5 years ago , at that time I was n't sure of practicing it because I did n't consider myself strong enough for fighting , that 's what most of the young people think , at least in Mexico and some other countries , and that 's one reason why people do n't practise Muay Thai and is not known .
Well , you should know that bodily strength is very important in this kind of sports but is not the most important thing , mental strength is also important ; a mix of both strengths are necessary , remember the body does what the mind commands .
Was hard at the beginning just like when you start doing something new , so here are some tips if you want to start practicing Muay Thai .
Be confident
When you practise any sport , you have to be confident on yourself , without confidence you will not have any progress .
Work on it , that 's part of mental strength .
Warm - up
Before starting the practice you should warm up , you do n't want to cramp up , right ?
Never give up
Muay Thai is a complete sport , you use arms , legs , elbows , knees , feet and more , that means you have to do a big effort .
If you do n't know how to kick or blow , ask your shifu ( teacher ) and keep doing it until you get it .
Practice
Practice makes better , do research about Muai Thai 's culture , do research about Muai Thai 's methods .
All this will help you to improve .
Enjoy
You know you like a sport when you enjoy it and you feel comfortable to practise , that 's what I recommend do , enjoy and be happy practicing because Muay Thai is a beautiful sport !
I am economics student in National Chung Cheng University , which is placed in Taiwan .
I would like to be a graduate school student of Financial Accounting in The University of Texas at Austin .
The reason why I change my major is that I found that I have a big interest in Accounting than economics when I studied in the first year of university .
Another reason for being a graduate school student can learn more practical knowledge which can be applied in future 's career .
So If I can join your school , I will cherish this opportunity and work hard in school .
When I was child , my math score was better than other subject .
In the College Entrance Exam , my math got the highest score than others .
In my university , my accounting grade was better than others .
I think I have a talent in numbers , and I can memorize the numbers extremely well .
As a result , I am enjoyable to study accounting .
Also I have some jobs experience that is relevant to Accounting .
My first job was an assistant of my financial accounting 's professor .
My job was to find the company 's financial statement that is corresponding to the news report .
This work needs lots of patience and time to finish it .
Another job was a part - time job in Leofoo Village .
My works needs to close the accounts every day , so my carefulness must be improved during the time , because the money did n't belong to me .
I think patience and carefulness are two pivotal personal traits to major in financial accounting .
I believe my job experiences can help me to be a better graduate school student of financial accounting .
This is a nervous and excited decision to me but I wo n't regret it and I am ready to join the field of the Accounting and to be a graduate school student .
You wo n't regret to choose me to join your school !
Mike was one of the best awardees in the class .
He 's been doing great in both academic and extra curicular activities in the school .
He is one of the players of basketball since he was an elementary student until now he 's on college .
As the tournament began he 's been getting a high points for his team because of that nice contribution they have won the game .
It had been a very extensive and tiring day to all of them but Mike felt he had achieved something really good because fortunately he was won as the most valuable player too .
He 's not only doing excellently as a student however he 's been known as one of the popular students because he works voluntarily as a couch to the younger kids in his town .
He wants other kids to be inspired also in everything they are capable of doing .
So in their generation they have something good that they contribute in the society at their very young age .
For him , it 's absolutely right to begin doing something meaningful in their lives .
It might be a simple way but perhaps the society would be proud on what are they doing .
As we all know , youth is the hope of our society and they have proven that .
the mistake is something you may do unintentionally however , people believe that mistakes can later be improved or ignored whereas , sometimes we may make mistakes that could break somebody 's heart .
Michael was a teenager therefore was not mature as a an adult thus his decision were all emotional .
it was Christmas eve and a new girl came to the college .
Who was not only fair but very attractive girl .
As soon as she entered the college gate everybody was smitten by her .
Michael had a very good and an old friend who had been with him in his goods and worse .
And they both had a great understanding however , this innocent girl had grabbed the attention of all the viewers similarly , the two .
The girl liked Michael 's friend Henry .
Michael could not digest this fact since he could not compromise on anything .
Michael thought of a dirty game he called , Henry at a birthday party and took him on the terrace and pushed him down .
Henry kept on shouting to stop and not to betray his oldest of the friend . "
do not do such a thing that would make you regret later"Henry said .
Henry fell down and his head was injured Michael left him to bled profusely and later a pedestrian saw his body tried to look at his pulse rate but encountered that he was dead .
Later the girl discovered that Michael was all behind the incident .
After the inquiry Michael was put behind the bars and the girl went away .
And Michael just had the regret all the way later
Have you ever thought about what your life would be in the next 50 years ?
If you are quite young , you can expect to be alive in 2064 .
If you are old enough , you can see how far the technology has gone in the last 20 years .
It 's quite amusing to try figuring out what the life in the future could be .
First of all , oil should be overcome as a source of energy .
Provided that renewable sources will be developed enough , we could live without pollution .
Secondly , we can expect to live in a hi - tech house , with smart furniture .
And there could also be robots , why not ?
They could cook for us , drive our cars , wash our dishes , take care of our children and so on .
Medicine should have won a lot of diseases and maybe it could be ready to overcome aging .
On the one hand we could live in a more relaxed way , on the other hand we colud think about settling on other planets .
Would you like to live on the Moon ?
Can you imagine a holiday on Mars ?
Finally , you can think it will be a green , peaceful enjoyable world .
The members of my family are my best friends .
Why do I think so ?
I 'll try to explain .
There is no secret , that everybody needs at least one person to share his troubles or happiness with .
As a rule , a friend or psychologist play this role .
We must pay to receive the psychologist 's attention , but friendship is free of charge .
Every day for we are looking for friends .
It 's a way to deal with external world .
But what if nobody wants to talk to you ?
What if you 're alone and no one can understand you ( and you have no money and insurance to visit psychologist ) ?
You return home .
There you can cure your sick heart .
Your parents always maintain and defend you , they are happy just to see you - their child , the result of their love .
They treat you for who you are and know all your faults , but still love you .
My parents are my best friends because I can trust them , love them and look forward our meeting .
Thank your parents if they are alive and think if you would become a good friend to your future child .
THE LUCKIEST MAN IN CÁCERES
The luckiest man that you can know in Cáceres is called Sergio .
He is still in his twenties and he has studied computer engineering .
Until now all is normal in his life .
However , when Sergio finished his studies he was hired by Microsoft in United States .
He had everything that any person would want to have : live abroad , earn much money , have a partner , work in an international business , an so on .
Despite this , one day Sergio realised that what he was doing was not his true dream .
He did not want to earn much money , what he truly wanted was to earn enough money to travel around the world , and not a job which does not allow to do his hobbies , although it gives him a lot of money .
Then Sergio left Mycrosoft , created his own website which gave him enough money and travelled wherever he want .
Now he is a famous person on internet because of his blog : ' Live to the fullest ' .
From : Rafa
To : Alex
Subject :
Sorry that I haven't written before but my mother had been using the computer all the time for work and I had to wait until she finished her work .
First , I think that 's a fantastic idea go to the new activity centre . We 'll enjoy a lot and meet new places .
Sounds perfect for me !
As you asked me , I rather sailing on the river than climbling a wall because I want to connect with nature .
If we have extra time we can do the other activity whether you want .
At night , we can stay at home , as you said , and also we can buy chocolates and see a movie , that 's great for me !
But you can tell me other option when to go to your home .
Finally , I 'm afraid my parents ca n't take me to your home on Friday evening , because it 's my grandfather 's birthday .
The population grows , with more business skyscrapers , residential houses and advanced transportations , at the cost of diminishing farmland , wetland as well as deforestation .
Though the modern cities emerging repaidly , the problems caused by excessively exploiting the enviorment are severly various .
It is clear that habitats for all kinds of wildlife are vanishing as the bio - diversity decreases .
The red coral reef off coast in Austrialia , for instance , serve as shelter for algea and other sea tiny fishes and index of enviroment fragility .
Due to the massive construction of five - star hotels on beaches , the biological chain there are cut off and enviromental variations are gone away .
On top of that , It is the regulation capacities of enviorment that for temperature , moisture and even the sandstorms are erode as less plants engage inhale carbon dioxide and exhale oxygen the whole system .
What 's more , extreme weather appears with EL NINO periodically causing catastrophic floods in northern cities in China and long - lasting drought in South American .
For the population density is ever - increasing currently , the loss triggered by these disasters are damaging and unaffordable for any single family .
In a response to address these side affects that the civilization bring about , governments must take measures stey by step to tackle them .
Firstly , governing authorities should set up protect area for animals and plants , inhibitating hunting or even leisure activities like hiking .
Apart from the natural areas , the minimual areas for forests and wetland have to be ensured .
Secondly , government must fund environmental organizations , in order to manipulate and coordinate more power to stop the illegal hunting , deforesting and animal extinctions .
Furthermore , the government should go out of their ways stand united in a way which joint endeavours could be effective globally .
In conclusion , government are supposed to balance the modernization and sustainable development .
Hello Paula
I want to tell you about the concert in my school , it was really cool .
We prepared it for a long time , but I had wonderful experience .
I learned to decorate the stage and sew costumes .
My friend Make showed me how best to play the role of snow White , it was very funny .
We had hard days also , we argued , but then quickly put up .
During the concert one boy forgot the text and began to improvise .
All the audience began to laugh .
The concert was very good .
The course is going to finish so the teacher want that we go out to a restaurant .
The choice was n't easy because the teacher is vegetarian .
At last we decided to go to a restaurant near the school .
The owners cook all types of cuisine and we can go there after the lesson .
The atmosphere is kind and familiar .
The prices are not expensive and foods are very good .
There are not many tables , but we are only seven people and this is n't a problem .
There is also a garden outdoor where we can spend a pleasant time together after lunch .
We will go there next Monday .
I have booked a table for eight people because our boss will come too .
We will eat a legume soup as start , a boiled fish with green salad as main course and a dessert at the end .
I have just fixed the price per person .
We are going to pay 15 euros per person .
I think it will be a wonderful way to finish our English course where we have surely improved in writing , speaking and listening .
Therefore I want to say a special thanksgiving to our teacher .
In my area , young people have a lot of options .
I see most of them like to stay at the garden downtown during the afternoon when the weather is good .
If the weather is n't good enough they can find a lot of cafes opened from morning until late night and here , if they are old enough they can also order alcholics .
There are many kinds of cafes , the ones for those who like sports , art , literature or music .
At the " Soft Notes " you can ear music played live every Friday and Sunday evening .
A lot of kids like to join the park next to the church : it 's not related to religion , here every child is free to come and play .
In this place there are guys and girls attending pedagogy organize activities to entratain children of every age .
The most rated restaurant is " Mario 's Pizza " , where you can eat delicious pizza with the top you prefer .
While waiting for it , you can play with video games placed in the basement .
Nowadays the type of transport that you use is a concerning matter of discussion .
Public transport include buses , trains , and subway , however cars , bicycles , taxis are not forgotten .
In the moment of choosing , very different aspects like ecological effects , the economic viability and even time uses , take part on the decision .
Firstly , the car option is the best one in comfort , because you do not depend on a specific time to travel and modern cars have the best technology in equipment and facilities .
Then public transport is not as comfortable as the previous one , because luckily you can find a place to sit and forget it if it is in the rush hour .
By the other hand , traffic is the biggest trouble talking about transport , cars facilities are replaced by the need of punctuality and , depending on the city , the delays are a concerning point when we talk about travelling by bus or trains .
However , the economic aspect is very important to consider when we talk about convenience , cars are the most expensive ones .
Not only because of the oil'prices , but also the costs of enssurance , the car , the parking taxes , etc .
In comparisson with a bus ticket that costs four pesos and you are sure that sooner or later it will come .
To sum - up , neither cars nor public transport is considered the perfect option , but considering long term consequences as is nowadays common in some European countries , bicycles are the best way .
Riding a bicycle reduces traffic , costs , ecological impact , and even car crushes .
So , what are you waiting to buy a bicycle and put a helmet on ?
Dear Jane ,
it 's so kind of you to send me my favourite Glaswegian postcards !
Say hello to Anne on my behalf and tell her I ca n't wait to have you both here in Rome !
Well , to start with , I 'd like to attend an intensive English course ; you know I 'm fond of foreign languages and keen on learning English as much as I can .
I 'd fancy living in a family and not in a college or in a shared flat as it will give me the opportunity to be continuously in touch with English people , day and night ; then , it is the ideal solution for me : you know I 've been recently given the sack !
What about lookig for colleges which offer Wi - fi Internet connection and a proper meal at lunch ?
I 'm a greedy guts !
Looking forward to receiving your new letter , and on tenterhooks for the information you 'll provide .
Michael
Fashion , clothes style , trendy appearance , make - up properly , the hear ...
Many people think that the first impression we give and our appearance are very important in our life ; but , it should be like this ?
It is certainly true that people are very critic with the appearance .
We have subjetive opinions ; we normally judge because we have a preconception idea .
We match clothes stile with a lifestyle and a personality .
That is why appearance should not have consequences in our lives .
Most people would agree that fashion is something that takes part in our day to day .
Normally , people choose clothes that famous wear or appear in the magazines .
However , there are people who do not follow that , and they dress the most comfortable clothes for them or the style they like most .
I think that there are many different occasions , and each one requires a different type of clothes .
For example , in work interwies and work that have a direct contact with the public it is better to use a for or smart style .
And same happened with parties , festivals , sports and other events .
Overall , my personal opinión is that we give so much importance to the clothes and the appearance than it should be .
Although in some occasions some clothes styles are required , people should have freedom to choose what clothesdo they want to wear , and it should not have consequences in our life .
The death of the public transportation
People do not think about the environment , they only think about the time that they will spend on the traffic . the scientists said the new society it can be called " the fat society " because the the people do not want to do any exercise , people do not walk anymore , people just use elevators , etc .
a lot of commodities , this is ta reason of why there are not future for public transportation , people do not wanna spend few time walking to the bus station or tu get a cab , although the service in the public transportation it is not very good because of many things like the inflation of prices , the way that the bus or cab driver refers to the persons , the way of the bus or cab drivers drives , etc .
In cities like Mexico some people have the opportunity to use Uber , that is a service that you can use if you have a credit card , it is an amazing service , but not all the population have car or the economic status to use an uber , so people have to use public transportation , no matter if the buss or cab driver yell them or drive bad , in Mexico the public transportation in specific the cabs are not a very secure service , because some of the drivers still and kindnap , in may situation they can kill you if you do not have your precautions . but despite of this is very sad that in that place people can not do some thing because they do not have the possibilities to pay for something more so they have to took .
In cities like United Sates of America where people have the opportunity to have a car or a privileged social condition so for the American people public transportation it does not matter , they have the possibility to take public transportation or not , they can decide , so they decided for commodity .
The future of the public transportation can be death or can be in growth , it depends on were do you position your point of view , in Mexico maybe will never die , but in the United States the public transportation is now in agony .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She woke up and at once she felt something makes her happy .
She went to the kitchen and saw a beautifully prepared breakfast .
She wondered who could make such a pleasant surprise .
Suddenly , she remembered that for three days she living with Chuck - her boyfriend .
She ate breakfast , dressed up and go to work .
The day was very sunny and cloudless .
It was the first day of Spring and everything is going rise to life .
Flowers was in every colour of rainbow , the leaves on the trees going green .
When she came to office , she saw on her desk a note with a heart shape .
Anna opened it and read : " Probably this day will be the best day of your life " .
She smiled and thought that is a joke .
But moment later she found a second letter about the same shape .
She opened again and again read : " Meet me at 11 at the fountain in the park " .
Anna looked at her watch and as fast as she can run to the park .
It appers that at the fountain stay Chuck and waiting for her .
When she come closer he knelt on one knee and said : " Will you marry me Anne ? " .
She was shocked .
She was run out of words and just nod her head what it means : " yes " .
They together come back home and spend rest of the day together .
At the end of the day she said : " You 're right .
It 's the best day of my life " .
Sarah and Stephan are friends in the same school and also neighbors .
One day in the afternoon , they were on the way home .
Sarah focused on her cellphone , and Stephan was listening music loudly with his MP3 .
After few minutes , Sarah was chatting happily on the cellphone and did n't see there was a tree in front of her , so she bumped into the tree and hurt her head .
Sarah yelled loudly for help , but Stephan did n't notice and hear that so he kept on walking and listening to his music .
Fortunately , there was a mother with her child strolling behind them , and saw Sarah got hurt .
They took her to the hospital .
Stephan still listening to the music and crossing the street .
But he did n't aware that the traffic light has turned red so the car could n't go through .
The man in the car was very annoyed and pushed the horn seriously , but Stephan did n't hear that .
The man got down the car to tell Stephan stop listening to the music and pay attention with things around him .
Not until that Stephan found that Sarah was lost did he call Sarah .
And he knew that Sarah was in the hospital .
Stephan went to the hospital immediately to see how Sarah was .
Luckily Sarah was fine due to the woman who was walking behind them had called the ambulance at once .
Stephan was glad that Sarah was alright and also thankful to the woman .
After these incidents , not only Sarah but also Stephan realized how dangerous it was when you focused on technological products instead of the things around .
Both they are determined to pay more attention to the surroundings .
Book Review :
The Hunger Games
I just read the first book in a trilogy called The Hunger Games .
It is an action and thriller book written by Suzanne Collins .
When I started reading I could not put it down because it is a fascinating story that grabs you .
The story takes place in a country called Panem which is located in what was once known as North America .
Katniss the protagonist is a teenage girl 16 which is forced to poach to feed his family since his father died
An increasing number of people begin to discuss for the success in school or work , the having an ability to adapt or adjust conditions or circumstances is more important than having excellent knowledge or a field of study .
Many people air their opinions based on their own value system .
The majority of people tend to claim that having an excellent knowledge or the research field is the most important for school or work successfully .
However does the claim really ring true , conforming the real situation ?
I find myself not on the same wavelength with such an idea .
It is my contention that the people , who have the ability to adapt or adjust conditions or circumstances have higher percentage be successful in school or work .
As far as I concern , there are a bunch of reasons to support me perspective .
To begin with , acquiring the knowledge in today 's world is not a difficult things than it was in the past .
That is to say , the investment of the internet make it available for everyone in the world .
People can easily obtain the lasted knowledge by owning a computer that can access to the network and have the ability to reading .
In other words , the way to get the knowledge is equal to everyone in the world .
That is why it is not to be the key point that considered the key to success .
In addition , the education has already across the wealth gap .
To explain , there are a trend that many universities all over the world setting up the freely courses for the people who thirsty for knowledge , also often invited the famous scholar to give a speech to the public that is welcome for everyone .
People in modern society have a lot of resources to further research the field of study that they are interesting in .
Thus , everyone might be an expert .
Excellent performance in the field of study has not been determined of factors for your success .
A case in point would be the latest news broadcasted recently .
According to the investigation conducted by the 104 human resource bank , the percentage of people using the knowledge in the work field that they from school has surprising reduced in the last two decades by roughly thirty percent , a figure that has nearly one half compared to that of half - century .
Say it simply , the things that school teach us were no longer be used in the real world .
This phenomenon had been curiously many experts .
Does the knowledge from school have any different in the work field ?
However , after deeper analysis , we found that the very underlying contributing factor lies in the fast pace changing world and the text book can not catch up with it , knowledge is changing from time to time .
Hence , this research remained us that the ability to adapt or adjust to changing conditions or circumstances is the major factor to success instead of having excellent knowledge or a field of study .
In sum , there may be some people who may disagree with my position on this matter .
They may say that having excellent knowledge or a field of study is the way to success in school or work .
However , I think the reasons I have provided in favor of my view point are stronger .
In this essay , I will discuss whether older or younger parents are better .
Nowadays , the statistics show that many people are younger than generations before .
I think there are more younger parents because they do not live in a religious life which is far more stricter .
Previously , the most women used to get a baby after the wedding with their partners , but today , it is not so important anymore .
Every child wishes to have young parents , but is it really better ?
Actually the teenagers are right because younger parents have a stronger relationship with their children .
Apart from this the small difference between the ages is also an advantage .
Although less experience is owned , they recognize what a child wants to do .
On the other hand a disadvantage is that young parents are not able to protect their babies without having experience on that .
In my age young parents and I have in common that we go out in the evenings .
From my point of view older parents can give better advice in every difficult situation .
So the child grows up from a teenager to a middle - aged adult and can always looks up to the parents .
However the progress in adolescence is important for the next stage of life so I believe both are good at bring up their children .
To conclude , you can not change your parents anyway .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Tom had faith this day will be better than the others .
He did n't recover yet from the last scare he had that day .
He sat on his chair and looked to the window .
" ..... " he looked to his hands .
He was shaking .
He shook his head and looked to the ceiling .
He started to make his homework , but he had trouble concentrating as the memories came back to his mind .
" I can't ... do it " he slammed his head on the desk .
" I ca n't "
He looked to the bathroom door and walked to it .
He turned the lights on to see his face .
The same face as ever .
When he looked down the bathroom he saw something on the floor .
It was a note .
" Tom . Tom . Tom . Tom " it said .
That scared him .
It could n't be him again ...
He turned the note to see something
" 1992 - 2015 "
He felt it again .
The same feeling he had when he saw it .
He fell backwards and when he looked up , he saw it again .
" Tom . You are impolite .
You are late to your death date "
Everybody has got some ideas , how to live their own life .
It is very important to think about possibilities that should create your fortune .
There are two things that most impinge my life .
First , it is my family that helps me to make a good decision . I live with my husband more than ten years , so we know each other quite well to support the other one .
A big family is a great base for happy living together under one roof , but secrets are strongly forbidden .
If somebody in my family ask me to help I need to know the whole true without any potential lies .
That is why I learn my children to play fair .
On the other hand there is one other most important thing in my life- health .
I am more than happy that I am healthy and my family members are healthy as well , because health is the rarest thing in the world .
There is only one thing in the world that you can not buy and it is a health .
It is well known true through the whole men that health is fair to the rich and poor equally .
In conclusion I have to think about one thing , which is more important in my life that the other one .
I will always choose the health , because when a person is healthy he or she can do everything .
There are some solutions to prevent the rise in the consumption of sugar sweetened drinks .
The first solution is change portion size of soft drinks , which means smaller size of beverages could contain less sugar .
National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) points out that the most consumption of beverages for a teenager per day is sugar sweetened soft drinks .
Therefore , changing portion size of soft drinks would be efficient to reduce sugar intake for teenagers each time .
The limitation of this solution is the public may not satisfied with this size of soft drinks .
To overcome it , the producer of soft drinks could take a investment to teenagers what size is suitable before changing it .
This would help the teenagers who drink soft beverage decrease sugar intake efficiently .
Another solution to this problem would be education .
Family education would be introduced to their kids .
National Nutrition Survey(1995 ) reports that teenagers are main soft drinks consumers and the most consumption of beverage is sugar sweetened drinks .
Parents ' words is key to restrict their kids ' actions .
If parents educate their children to keep away from soft drinks or cultivate the awareness of drinking water .
They would not consume such amount of beverages .
However , children my get soft drinks outside the family .
That requires parents building a model to show positive effect without soft drinks .
Therefore , their kids would follow parents ' habits and behaviors .
In conclusion , increasing the consumption of soft drinks is one of issues to prevent from obesity and overweight .
A number of strategies could be efficient to address these problems .
Teenagers are main target who drink too many soft drinks .
So that parents education and changing portion size could be useful to address the problems which happens around teenagers .
If we take these measures within a short period and keep it for a long time , obesity and overweight problem would not happen in our next generations .
We can say that the Coyle 's idea is well developed thanks to two features that pass through the chapter and likely the entire book : first of all , many significant references and specialized people are mentioned to define what " deep practice " is ( a psychologist , some experts in their own field , authors who already analyzed that particular topic … ) ; secondly , but no less important , Coyle himself collected the most of his information while visiting at least nine places , nine " hotbeds " ( 12 ) where talents grow , as a sort of collection of data gathered from laboratory experiments .
As a consequence , theory and examples proceed together in a such natural way , that the reader must exclaim undoubtedly , as if she / he were before a Sherlock Homes ' investigation : « That 's it !
It has to be that way !
Coyle 's right ! »
In my days friendship was easily made with neighbours , schoolmates and social clubs friends .
Although we did not have the current social communication means such as Facebook , Twitter , Whatsapp , we were very sincere and close to each other more than these virtual frienships prevailing today .
I already exprienced one friendship through an organization , International Youth Service IYS , a benficiary association established for youth friendship .
In which we have to wait more than thirty days to send and receive one message that interchanges these days with one button press .
I have a personal experiment backs to 1987 , in this year I had started a pen friendship with a German girl called Claudia who was 17 years old then .
The surprise is today I am 44 years old and Claudia is 40 years old and we still correspond to each other through the modern means of Facebook and Whatsapp , of course , we no longer can wait for thirty days while we can chat and see each other live .
In my country I have two sincere friends since we were about 7 years old and we still in a strong friendship up till now .
It is not necessary to agree with each other in everything where we always debate and challenge whose opinion is correct .
Meanwhile , we support each other in crises , regular life troubles and sickness .
Real friendships everlasted like what I am actually made with my best two friends , should be founded on trust and faith .
The best of all in real frienships is to always believe in your friend 's abilities and be his real mirror for good and bad actions , he will be the same to you .
Skate or Hate
As I am in my late 20s I 've found it hard to find a sports activity that would neither be so competitive as those in fashion in my country nor demanding , so I could do it in my free time .
One fine summer day I was walking along the streets of a coastal city when all of a sudden I came across a shop that caught my eye .
In one of the windows I found a skateboard and along came the memories of the year 2000 and MTV channel that I was brought up into .
I thought to myself that could be a challenge and , with no second thoughts , I purchased the board .
It was since that day that I try to skate as much as possible and I love every bit of it .
It is funny how such a simple activity can bring so much joy into a person 's mind during the well - deserved breaks .
I suggest playing safe and being patient .
No future for public transport ?
Can use of your own car instead of a public transport save you money , time and effort ?
The most people prefer a car rather than a public transport .
However the latest studies shows a car is not always more efficient .
The right choice of means of transport makes a big impact on your time and resources .
In deciding whether to choose car or public transport we need to consider many factors , such as length of journey , time of the day we travel , area we travel through , number of us , weather etc .
As there are cases where car is much more efficient than public transport and other way round .
The recent studies found , that travelling from a suburb to the city centre is much more efficient by combining a bike with a train .
It saves plenty of time by avoiding traffic jams and there is no need for searching for a parking space .
In addition travelling by train saves a great deal of money as there is no parking fee .
Moreover there are discounts for regular journeys .
On the other hand , the studies showed , in many other cases and especially in irregular trips there is more convenient to use a car .
A car is unbeatable for its flexibility .
It is much more easy to use a car when going shopping , or making a leisure or an occasional trips .
Although , there are some disadvantages of using a car such as traffic jams and a high maintenance cost .
All in all , in most cases using your own car can save you money , time and effort .
Popularity of cars confirms it .
In spite of that , studies said there are cases in which public transport is unbeatable .
Therefore it has a safe place in our society .
The use of public transport has become an important issue nowadays .
There are those who try to avoid the use of public transport and prefer driving their own car due to the advantages it offers .
However there are those who reject this and are in favour of the use of public transport .
I am going to explain why I think there is not future for the public transport .
A great amount of people think that driving your own car has more benefits than using public transport .
Firstly , it allows you to go directly somewhere without finding out the information about the timetables of public transport such as buses or trains .
In addition , sometimes you have to combine both of them in order to arrive on time to your work place .
Another benefit of not using public transport is the time you can save .
For instance , if you have to go another city by bus or train to your workplace , the time you waste since you set off increases .
Saving time in the mornings allows you to sleep more or to spend more time with your family .
Moreover , the use of your own car has more advantages . Travelling by car avoids getting wet when the weather is rainy .
If you travelled by bus or train , probably you would spend more time walking along the streets to your final destination .
Despite the bad weather , if you travellled by car , you could park your car near your destination , so that you could arrive comfortably .
However , there is some people who prefer the use of public transport in spite of using the car .
The government usually advise the population to use public transport to cut down pollution and the amount of gases which damage the atmosphere .
In addition , it is often claimed that is cheaper than travelling by car .
Although it has some benefits , in most part of the country , especially in the smallest towns the public transport is not enough developed .
To sum up , I believe that the public transport has no future because it makes you to waste a lot of time , it is not enough developed in small areas and there is not enough frequency of trains and buses .
In my opinion it could be useful hardly ever times , so it would be necessary a great amount of improvements .
.H. Lawrence 's saying " Nobody ought to own houses or furniture - any more than they own the stones of the high road " is an ambiguous saying that questions the need of the people regarding a high number of properties .
First of all , to a certain degree , I comply with the idea of controlling the maximum number of properties one holds in his grasp , because this denies the possibility of exhausting the spaces that can hold another family .
This speaks of the idea of the government or another organization having the control over houses and their furniture and making the people living there only the owners of their own goods .
This is an interesting concept because it can give the government the money it needs to solve its other problems and does n't necessarily break any rule of personal space .
Second of all , as I did say " to a certain degree " , the idea of controlling one 's own choices regarding house picking and what they can do with them takes away a bit of their freedom , which is the complete opposite of what we should get to .
Mankind has always strived for freedom in one way or another , and taking away the control of their own house , their sanctuary , will not be taken lightly by them .
In conclusion , I can not tell whether or not the control of the people 's houses and furniture will bring any help in today 's society , as we are only hypothetically speaking , without any form of testing , however it does have its strong and weak points .
Dear Mr ... ,
First , I want to present myself my name is Daniela and I 'm 16 years old .
My English is improvable but by speaking I hope that I 'll do it well .
I think that I 'm good for this job , because I really sociallize with children .
I like organising activities and games to make people enjoy their time .
I 'm a cheerful person so I would attempt to give my best for receiving the attention of the children .
Also I 'm very responsible and hardworking so I would take care of the children and I would do my tasks the best I could .
Eventually , I want to say that this is an important opportunity for me to learn and to do new things .
It 's a wonderful adventure .
Sincerely ,
Daniela Conti
In this article I am going to write about my favourite sport football .
I love football because it 's a team sport .
You feel that you are a part of the team and everyone is together .
It 's also a really fun sport to play .
It 's really fun when we are playing different cups , Gothia for example .
It is worlds biggest youth cup and are located in Gothenburg in Sweden .
Another cup that is Swedens second biggest cup and are called " Piteå Summer Games " and it is shorten to " PSG " .
Both cups are really fun to play , and it 's extremely fun to go far in the cups .
My advice for people that is going to start football is that you just have to do your best .
And try to be a part of the team , then it 's more fun .
And when a football training goes bad , you do n't have to complain so much about it .
Just keep going and try to do it again .
Of course you can be angry but it 's not a big deal .
Everyone does wrong sometimes , even the best players in the world .
And at last , it is really fun to play .
well , the part of the day that I enjoy the most is nigth because it 's when I arrive at home and I have finish my whole rutine so I can take a break and I can do whatever I want and I can just relax so I would say that nigth is the most relaxing part of my day so it is the one I prefer the most
Ithink there are things you need to plan because it 's important for your life but it depens on the situation because I also like to let thing be alnd let them happend because they have to happend so the majority of time I prefer not to think about it and just let them happend and not to plan anything but if it 's something related with my future or sometehin that will be really afect me I will prefer to plane it like what kind of job I want to do or about my dregree or things like that
Sport centre
The sports centre in Ondara have visitors of several village and from all age groups .
This centre offer several activities like swimnpool , paddle , tennis , ritmica gym , judo , ballet ...
Furthermore , has various coaches and with a perfect timetable for the parents that are busy the daytime and for young that need to go classes after lessons .
This installation is near the field football and basketball court .
In my point of view it is a good situation because the children can do different after school activities without moving too much .
Moreover , for the parents is easier .
I want to emphasize that thanks to his full schedule and amount of the coaches , adults like children can do different activities at the same time instead to have to wait .
On the other hand , the only disadvantage I can see is there are n't activities for the old people .
This centre should provide activities that do not require much physical effort for this kind of people like petanque or something like that .
Finally to say that is a perfect sports centre and inexpensive including a range of activities .
A friendship that ends , never started
You knew him for years or will meet him in a year .
Friends are important and make your life happier .
When you are in a hopeless situation they have the right counsel .
I know my best friends since my childhood .
Thomas , David and I were neighbours and grew up in an ordinary calm village .
We spent a huge period of time together .
Thomas is looking for a thrilling job .
David is in a boarding school in Bern and conclude next summer .
Thomas is a small and fine fellow .
He is one of the most persevering people I know .
David looks bored at the first moment but in fact he is wetty .
His body is large and thick like an elephant .
David is always ready for a joke but amazinly that he has the ability to appear seriously .
Thomas is a calmer person and has the control about the circumstances .
When we meet us and the two friends were walking side by side they look like Laurel and Hardly .
I feel really glad to have friends who have time if I have of something .
I really do n't like to travel by train or by boat .
My favourite way to travel is by plane .
It 's the fastest and most comfortable way to get to your favourite destination .
Especially I like to a first class seat in a plane .
It really feels like you are i a five star Hotel in a luxury suite and not travelling 10000 meters above the ground .
If you need sun and warm weather , you only need to sit in a plane , enjoy your flight and take a pause from your business and from work .
I do n't like to travel by boat , because it 's unconfortable and it takes a fortune till you arrive at your destination .
To travel by train is not an option for me .
It often happens that someone jumps in front of it and you feel the vibration when the train breaks the bones of the dead person .
I would like to talk about a diamond jewellery set that I gifted to my wife on our last marriage anniversary .
This is a set having one diamond necklace , one diamond pendant with a unique shape , one pair of earrings having diamonds and one ring for her ring finger .
The metal used in this set is 18k white gold .
The tool to communicate with foreigners .
Nowadays it is more common that people spend time to learn another language .
There might be many reasons , for school , business , or just for private interest .
In my personal experience I can say that if you learn a foreign language like English , you wo n't have a problem when I 'll go abroad on holiday .
On the other hand , when you learn another language there 's not only benefits but also drawbacks .
You might spend time and money to learn a language .
I want to learn English , and I go to the college twice a week .
However , I must pay the fee and every evening it 's my commitment study something or do my homework .
I suggest having all youngsters , who want to learn another language , they ought to go abroad .
I 've lived in the United Kingdom for more than one year and I 'm learning better than when I was in my country .
The young people should do an experience like this .
Hi Jo !
How are you ?
I 'm very happy to hear about your news !
If you would like to spend some time travelling my country Spain is a fantastic place , because the weather is good most of the year .
There are beautiful cities to visit like Madrid , Barcelona , Santiago , Valencia and all the cities of Andalucia , the south of Spain .
In Andalucia the people are cheerful and welcoming with tourists .
I , m from Córdoba so i tell you about the most famous sights in my city .
Cordoba is a trhee hours train ride south of Madrid , and draws visitors from all over the world
Córdoba is not as big as Madrid orSevilla but i love it .
The main attraction in Córdoba is the Mosque , it is a building where are mixed arabic and catholic elements .
It is the only Mosque in the world that is not oriented to the Meca .
Out of the Mosque you can see Narrows streets with flowers and a Roman Bridge , it is a wonderful chance to have a relaxing prom .
For a job i recomended you travel to the coast in Cadiz , Malaga or Huelva and look for a job in the beach because at the sime time you are in the beach you could obtain money .
Well , i 's time to go .
Write soon !
Lots of love ,
Lucía
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
The bomb was going to blow up in a few minutes .
The train was running still too fast to jump off and soon it 'll be arrived in Milan central station .
All in all , he would n't be able to stop the device .
Only a few long seconds spent thinking about what he had to do : he had to save the passengers .
He desperately run through the train towards the driver .
He tried to push the door that led to the head of the engine , but it was locked from the inside .
A cold chill run along his neck .
He was scared .
He wanted to cry .
Desperately he started to kick the door , furiously , blind with rage , harder , faster .
The door opened .
Then he saw the commander was lying dead in his chair .
He was shot in his head .
Fortunately , a voice from the radio was trying to contact the man .
In a hurry he dashed to the microphone and answered the control station .
" Where are the brakes ? "
Now in the distance he could see the first skylines of the city .
The train was finally stopped .
That day he came a hero .
He saved 220 people and among them he knew the girl that 5 years later became his wife .
I used to play basketball for three years and it was a great experience and I had a lot of fun .
I enjoyed playing basketball not only because I wanted to play a sport but even because it 's a healthy way of leaving .
If you are playing a sport you improve your abilities went your working in a team in which all the players have the same aim from the game : winning the match .
The advice that I would give the people that would like to start playing this sport is that they should have a bit of experience in working in a team that is full of new people .
The most important thing that ya person should know about this game is that a lot of intelligence is requested because you must know how to reach how to get nearer to make their aim become reality , and that one is that the team should score as much as they can to win the match and have fun .
In my opinion this sport will always be my favourite because it made me feel happy and have a great time with my friends , and it also maintained me in good shape .
Dear Sir X ,
I am writing to you in response to your advertisement which I saw in the notice board of your school .
I am applying to this position because I would like to work as organizer .
I think it will enrich my CV .
In my opinion I am the perfect candidate for this vacancy .
First I have achieved a good level of English because I have lived in the UK from July 2012 .
I like managing the conversation in a group .
I will permit to everybody to explain his point of view .
Also I like watching every kind of film .
If you need reference about me you can contact Mrs Georgie , my English teacher .
I enclose my CV , which gives full detail about my experience , ability and skills .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely
I strongly believe that research has a valuable benefits to society and the environment .
For example , making the life better and comfortable .
Bachelor 's paper [ 1 ] is one of the good sources of describing what does research mean .
He mentioned about an important point for doing a good research .
First of all , researchers should be interested in what they are doing .
Interesting in the area of research leads to invent and optimize ideas that are already existing .
Second , critical thinking which is the deep thinking about the problem and the way to solve it , is an important factor of successful research .
Also , honesty , originality which is the ability to think critically , independent and creative , and precision let research to be more valuable .
Moreover , working as a team for researching , let researchers gain lots of research benefits .
Such as , ideas and learning more the best methods to analyze data .
All members of the team will get benefits and push each other to achieve the goal by giving some advice and more information .
In addition , Clear , easy to understand , and precise scientific paper are one way to represent , share , and discuss the ideas and results with others in a scientific environment .
Also , Seminars are other good sources to come up and listen to a new idea .
Exchange information with other researchers , via scientific papers or seminars , sometimes come up with solutions for other researches ' problems .
Researchers should not give up when face hard problem with the research and keep try by different ways to solve it and they will do it at the end .
To conclude , there are some of an important research principles .
Whenever researchers consider most or all of them when working on the research , researchers will get results with a high precision .
Researchers enjoy their research as an enjoyable activity .
There are two choices to travel : by own car and by pubic transport .
In my opinion , I prefer to travel by car for those reasons .
First , I can travel by my own car whenever and wherever I want .
For example , if I travel to my company by bus , I must be on time and follow the bus schedule .
Sometimes , bus schedule does not suitable for me .
Maybe , bus comes too early or too late for me to go to work .
Traveling by car , I can choose the time .
Moreover , I can choose my own route to go to work .
I can stop at my favorite coffee shop to buy drinks for breakfast .
Second , I feel comfortable when I travel by my own car . I hate to travel by public transport because it is sometimes too crowded and noisy .
In rush hours , I do not have a seat and I stand all the time for a half hours .
In my own car , I can relax with music and enjoy fresh air .
Furthermore , I do not worry about the theft or any crime which used to happen when I traveled by train .
Generally , although traveling by public transport is cheaper than by car .
However , I find traveling by my own car much more advantages than others .
Therefore , I think public transport will be disappeared in the future .
Dear Paul ,
As I told you before , last month I was helping at a concert of the greatest band in the world - Atmasfera .
I was so happy when I heard that they are coming to Katowice !
Immediately I contacted their manager , asking If they could do with some help .
She said that they will need someone who can take care of their performance outfits .
That was such a good idea !
Not only I was close to them , I was also doing something I 'm really good at !
Day before the concert , I met band members , and we started try on clothes for the next day .
We had so much fun !
They turned out to be such a wonderful people , they treated me like an old friend , making jokes all the time and even invited me to eat dinner with them .
On the day of the concert , I met band two hours before start , I ironed all clothes , I even do girls hairstyle .
When the concert hall was full , band came on the stage .
In the headlights , they all looked so beautiful !
I felt like that was partly my doing .
I was part of the team .
That was what I particularly liked about that experience !
I was dancing and singing all show , and after manager came to me and asked if I would like to work with them full time .
I will have to sleep on it .
What do you think I should do ?
And how was your weekend ? Hope to see you soon !
With love ,
Maria
There is no future for public transport ?
It 's not true .
I ca n't imagine our world without public transport .
I regularly take trains to go somewhere .
So do other people in my country , especially old people who have not got their own cars .
I catch buses regularly and see a lot of people there .
You can imagine how great is idea to leave your own car and take a bus to go to work or go shopping .
Another good idea is to use bicycles .
I 'm glad that every year we have such a wonderful day called " A day without cars " or something like that when people try to use public transport rather that their own cars .
We can help our environment to be healthier !
Dear Jane ,
Thanks for your letter - it was great to hear from you .
I was absolutely thrilled to read that you 've got a job as tour guide in the Congo rainforest !
Well done !
I 'm sorry it has taken me so long to write , but I have been working my fingers to the bone preparing for my exams , for which I 'm annoyingly nervous .
Speaking of nervousness , I think I 've found a solution for you to shake off your nerves about using the English tenses correctly .
You wrote that this sometimes made you stutter during tours , which made you feel rather uncertain .
However , there 's no need to worry any longer , if you have a look at www.elihinkel.org/tips/tenses.htm .
At this website , you can find a clear , detailed explanation of the tenses , with illuminating animations .
I got to leave off now , I 'm afraid .
Hopefully you 're able to visit the site .
I 'm sure that if you spend some time studying the information you can find there , you 'll have mastered the tenses the next time we see each other .
Keep me posted on your experiences in the jungle !
Love ,
Suzanne
Recently works Google , a multi - million dollar company , who is not only famous for search engines on self - driving cars .
Entering your car and giving the directions and then having a stress - free drive towards your destination and let a computer take control of your ride is not a distant dream anymore .
But are driverless cars as safe as old fashion cars ?
It is surely a fact that autopilots in car 's sure are handy .
It takes hours driving to and from , hours where one just have to concentrate on driving , hours gone futile .
Although it must be admitted that driverless vehicles are expected to help children , the blind , the elderly and others who currently can not safely drive themselves .
On the other hand it will lead to more driving , because smarter driving reduces the cost per mile of vehicle usage .
The end result of additional driving could be more traffic and more aggregate fuel consumption .
To put the whole matter in a nutshell the self - driving system is good to prevent accidents .
However you should still be able to drive by yourself you can not only rely on that system it is still not free from errors .
The Colosseum is a beautiful structure in the heart of Rome , Italy .
More than two thousand years old , it is still standing .
Even thought it is in ruins , visitors from all over the world come to see it .
It was an immense amphitheater .
Thousands of people fought as gladiators .
Today , Not many amphitheaters are standing .
It is in the shape of oval but most of it is broken .
The italian name , Colosseo is quite close to english .
Visitors can enter it and admire the inside .
The Colosseum is a quite tall structure .
It is the most popular amphitheater in the whole world .
Come and visit the Colosseum and discover it 's beauty !
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to you in order to candidate for a position of person , who organise a Film Club in your language school .
Last year I passed the FCE exam with a grade A , which is evidence for my excellent English skills .
I prefer to spend my spare time watching films , so in this way both I improve my English and relax .
During the last year , I watched a lot of famous and priced films , so that I am prepared to follow discussions about them .
I am a communicative person and I often meet with my friends .
Among my aquaintances I have a reputation of being friendly , positive and talkative woman .
In my job , I have daily work with groups of people and I make presentation in front of them .
I have good organizational skills and can explain things clearly in order people to understand it easily .
I work on a part - time job , so I am free on Monday and Wednesday evenings .
I think I am suitable for this job and it would be а pleasure for me to organise your course .
Best wishes
Nikoleta Uvarova
Have you ever imagined your life without computers ?
many people consider it indispensable .
Like many others , it seems to me that it involve various positive aspects to everyone .
In fact , a significant number of people agree that computers have made our lives much easier than before .
Nowadays , you can chat with your friends via computer even if they are on the other side of the planet .
Computers help us in organizing our data , also you can find any information you want very fast as it has lots of search engines .
Another reason , knowing how to use a computer is necessary in most jobs .
A lot computers advertise their goods on the Internet so millions of people would know it - computers enable us to automate various tasks that we can not do manually and that is really helpful .
Computers can help you with your homework to find the information you need .
Finally , in my opinion computers is very useful to all of us .
He had to study more than ever in his life .
The first partial tests were going to be soon .
Everyday , everyhour he found his self thinking about the future .
the job he 'll have , the clothes he 'll wear , the food he 'll cook ... he had almost every inch of his future planned .
But firstly he had to pass the exams .
That was the key to open the treasure trunk , full of golden options .
As his mother he would work as an advocate .
He would make a name for his self working hard , and his family would be proud .
The truth is that everybody had really high expectations of him .
The idea of becoming the people protector face to the law , was n't his .
When he was little , he heard his family talking about how happy they were because his brother Peter waas following the steps of his mom .
Sadly Peter was no longer there .
Michael 's mother cried for months and his father tried to look strong , but you could hear him sobbing at night .
Michael thought that playing his brother 's role would help .
He closed the door and knew at that moment that he had made a mistake .
Dear Madam / Sir ,
I have read your hotel 's advertisement about Niagara Fall 's romance package in a newspaper .
I am writing to you because I am interested in booking this service at your hotel and would like to receive some further information in advance .
First of all , could you provide me information about the whole costs of the package ?
What I am most interested in , is a room with a fall 's view indeed .
Can you assure me of getting one by all means ?
Since I want to spend a night with my partner at your hotel at the end of December , I need a confirmation on your part of providing the room at that time .
Can I be sure that the hotel will not be booked up between Christmas and New Year 's Eve ?
In addition , could you provide me information about the nearest airport and about the way to get to your hotel from there ? We must know this for any case since we are going to travel by plane from Budapest , Hungary . I would be pleased if you could assist me in booking a cheap flight as well .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon with all the details which you can provide me .
Yours faithfully ,
Vera Borbála Solt
We live in the century of the speed .
Each year we use more and more types of transport : buses , trams , subway , trains , airplanes , etc .
And of course , we use more and more personal cars .
Do I think that public transport will gone in the future ?
Yes I do .
One of the reasons is the time .
Now we are spending too much time in waiting for public transport and of course we would like to get our destination as fast as possible , but public transport does n't provide such possibility for us .
That is why we try to buy our personal car .
Furthermore we use personal vehicles or rent cars for travelling , because it is more convenient and gives us the feelings of our independence .
I understand completely that some types of public transport such as airplanes and ships , will exist some time .
But this is an exception because existing technologies do not allow the usage of such personal transport as we would at present day .
But , the future will change this situation .
Helping Strangers
I used to helping people when needing , I do n't prefer to be a bystander .
First of all , my altruistic nature is due to my biological desire to help other .
for instance , one day I was walking in the garden when I saw a girl falling down from a children swing in a playing area , I helped her immediately , after I was sure enough that she was fine , I called her mother and told her about this incident , she thanked me a lot .
I was thinking she was my responsibility , but it ca n't be the same every time .
in addition , young ages are observing an altruistic behavior from month 18th .
for example , last week I was stressed out , so I lost my phone at the university , I was not realizing that until I returned home . while I was on my way to the university , my little sister praying for me to finding out my phone .
so , in my opinion children when they are witness always want to help strangers .
Finally , scientists hypothesize that our brains are helpful enough when we can helping out other people .
Dear Alison ,
Hi !
How are you?I hope everything is alright .
I 'm writing to say that I 'll be delighted you to be my guest at home next month .
Now let me give you some advice about how to get to my place in Madrid .
When you get to Barajas airport you 'll have to take the subway and go to Atocha station and there you 'll have to change line and catch line three to get Sol station .
I 'll be there to meet you .
If you 're not for it you can just get a taxi at Barajas airport to the same direction .
I strongly recommend the first option because it 's cheaper than the second one .
Besides this way you can have an exciting start in Madrid .
If you get lost in the metro do n't worry .
Give me a ring and I 'll pick you up wherever you are .
I hope to hear from you soon .
Best regards .
Juan
Saving the environment
AS we know our planet 's condition is getting worse every day .
Because human activity releases into the air substances that damage several things in our planet such as the atmosphere and ecosystems .
The global warming , deforestation and drought are some of the consequences , therefore we can do countless things that appear to be meaningless but if everyone does it we can live in a much healthier planet .
Every day scientists try to develop new ways to improve the way we live , so that we are hable to pollute less the planet .
One of the things discovered by these scientists are the Eco - homes , in other words Eco - homes are a type of homes that help us causing less damage to the planet and atmosphere in our everyday life .
It sounds a little bit strange but by installing solar paniels and other features in these homes we live a much greener life , undoubtedly there would be some changes but because we know why we are doing it there would be no problems .
Also the effects of those actions would be gigantic and would help improve the environment situation nevertheless we will still have to change some activities and be less self - centred so that we can all work for a greater objective .
In my opinion in a decade we will be living in these homes , I ca n't wait to live it
I practise several sports , but my favourite is football .
I play football twice a week as minimum .
I enjoy playing this sport because it is very funny and competitive .
Furthermore , football give you the opportunity to make friends because it is a team sport .
With football you can move all the muscles in your body and also exercise your mind thinking about what is the best pass or when you have to run or stop .
If you want to start to play football my advice is to be fit , because if you are n't , you can hurt your bones or muscles .
In order to be fit , you can run or ride a bike for two or three weeks and after that , you are going to be prepared to play football .
The equipment is very important too .
So wear comfortable clothes and a good trainers .
I recommend you to play it with your friends , but if you are in a new city , you can search teams on the Internet .
There are a lot of opportunities .
To improve your skills you can practise alone and you will became better than before .
So play football and enjoy it .
Hi Jay !
You 're right , in fact it was very difficult to me but I finally took this decision because I want to make new experiences .
I'm very excited!I'm going to the United Kingdom in a week 's time but I 've already made some plans about it .
First of all I 'd love to visit new places .
Would you mind making a list of places you like the most ? .
Moreover I need to organise a tandem to improve my English but if it would n't work I could attend an English course .
Do you know any languages school?They're very expensive so I will need more money .
Speaking about money ... I really need to find a job !
I have to get money if I want to stay there for half a year !
And my parents refused to give it to me because they say I must become indipendent .
Will I succeed ?
Who knows ...
In the meantime what about helping me to find a part - time job ?
I ca n't definitely get a full - time job 'cause I want to relax and have fun .
Text me if you find something for me .
Best wishes .
Eleonora .
St . Petersburg
Russia
23.05.14
Dear
I 'm very glad to receive your letter . I 've not heard from you for ages .
How are you ?
There are my answers to your questions .
My class visits museums once a month .
My favourite museum is the Hermitage that is in the heard of my city .
I think that everybody should visit it because you can see beautiful paintings of gifted and famous artists .
It 's a great idea to go hiking with your family .
When and where are you going hiking ?
Have you bought any equipment yet ?
Did you go hiking last year ?
Hope to hear from you soon .
Best wishes ,
Inna
The Vietnamese education and study system is completely different from the Australian one .
Like to Asia countries , such as : Korea , China , Singapore , the Vietnamese education and study system is really harsh and highly competitive to all students , especially for the primary students .
Firstly , the primary education and study system of Vietnam is very hard .
They have to study a lot with from 5 - 6 subjects in a semester .
These subjects mainly focus on math skills , grammar , writing , but there are not any courses related to life and communication skills or innovative science .
All subjects are less flexible and all students are learning the same programs at the same time .
Meanwhile , the Australian education and study system is easier and more enjoyable than Vietnamese system .
In a class , there are very few students with many more flexible study programs .
The primary students are touch many different life skills by teachers at school .
Additionally , the subjects in the school are given with the aim to develop thinking and creativity of students .
They also play many interesting sports .
Secondly , it is not only from the school but also Vietnamese parents of the primary students are also expected in the education of their children .
They usually hope that their children get on the highest scores in school .
Therefore , outside the school , Vietnamese parents want to send their children to tutorial classes , such as : math , writing , grammar , … .
Consequently , Vietnamese children have not any life skills and have many health problems , such as : short - sighted , tummy - ache , spinal column … Sadly , the proportion of Vietnamese children who are short - sighted tend to increase in recent years .
Meanwhile , Australian parents also care about their children but other way with Vietnamese parents .
Outside the school , they send their kids to sport Centre or go to the social activities .
Sum up , Australian children are happier than Vietnamese children . I think that primary students need to spend more time for playing and enjoy their childhood .
I loved to climb from the word go .
My first time was an exciting experience I will never forget : the touch of the rock , the high , the pain in your fingers ... I like climbing because this sport makes me feel alive , even sometimes I feel fear .
But do n't think that climbing is a dangerous activity!. Although you climb to the top of a rock wall , you always do it with a checked security material .
Firstly , if you want to climb you will need , at least , a partner .
You must rely your life on this person , so it 's important you get on with him or her .
It is perhaps for this reason that people who climb are often couples !
Moreover , climbing is a sport in which it 's not too important if you are a man or a woman because you does n't only use your strength but also your equilibration .
You should give a try to this amusing and thrilling sport that it 's a sort of competition with yourself : every day a little bit higher , every day a little bit difficult ..
If you take up climbing , I 'm sure you 'll carry on ! !
My holidays
I love holidays and summer , the season I like best because of a lot of things : In summer I always go to the mountains , in my grandparents ' house , where I get fun with my uncles and cousins .
Grandma 's food is great and I spend days staying outside , playing badminton or volleyball or having a walk in the wood .
Some days we have a long trip too .
We bring food and drinks and we spend a day in beautiful places such as the top of a montain , an amazing castle or a tipical market of a town .
But what I love best are the afternoons with my favourite cousin , Sara , and his brother , Luke .
We play Risiko fou hour : we 're never fed up !
In winter is even better : there 's a lot of snow and we often go skiing on the near peaks : skiing is my favourite sport , I do that since I was five and I love doing the most difficult slops , and Christmas is beautiful with the people I love best .
These are some reasons of why I love mountains and why I spend there most of my holiday .
we were in cold
Hi Mitak ,
I have recently watched The Ultiamtum of Bourne and I 'm so excited to share it with you . I believe you 'll absolutely love it .
It is action movie that involves the secret games of CIA .
The film is about this CIA assassin who ca n't remember his past , but he knows he 's chased by the agancy .
Eventually , he reads about a journalist who is writing about him and a program called Black Brare .
Just before the assets get the journalist Jason Bourne helps him to escape .
He tried to get some information from the guy , but unfortunately a sniper shots him dead .
I will not tell you what happens afterwords not to spoil it for you .
My friend , I can not recommend this film enough .
It is a piece of work indeed .
If you 'd like to see it I 'm going to come along with you to the cinema , because I really wish to watch it again .
Dear Paul ,
I 'm sorry I haven't written to you for so long .
As you know I was really busy last month .
My teacher asked me to organise a charity concert in our school .
My task was to find a band of musicians who would play at our concert .
I must admit it was really hard to find a really good group of players , who would juice up the audience and also play for free .
I decided to organise a casting .
It was so exciting and funny listenig to all those musicians , because some of them actually did n't have the skills to play and did n't have the charm needed to warm up the people .
In the end all went fantastic .
We managed to raise much more money for a good cause than we hoped to raise .
That 's all for the time being .
Write to me soon and give my regards to your parents .
Bye ,
Paula
Throughout my life I lived in a few cities and villages located in South of Russia .
Each of the cities has unique set of transportation means .
In villages the only way of public transportation is small buses , most of which can service up to twenty passengers in any moment of time .
In regional centers most people commute via trolleybuses and tramcars .
The latest is transport of choice of most people because its passengers very rarely lose time in traffic jams due to dedicated railway passages .
Those who are not satisfied with public transportation system may use private vehicles .
I estimate more then 99 percent of them are cars .
Rarely we can see bicycles and scooters .
I used to travel on buses .
But recently I bought a cheap bike and really enjoyed riding in summer time .
Now , in November , weather in Russia is not so good so I switched back to buses .
My most recent dream is to ride on EuroVelo roads network .
I expect them to be much more suitable for bikes compared to local roads .
I wish road surface quality in Russia will improve year on year .
Hello my name is Nina Joly and I 'm seventeen .
I still go to high school where I study four languages , French , Spanish , English and Italian .
Thanks to my mom , to travels and to the people I 've met I 've learnt how to speak fearless and quite fluently in English .
I absolutely love children and honestly they love me ; I think it is a sort of a gift , because not all the people love children and can get on well with them .
I 've had a little bit of experience in summer baby sitting some kids ; in Italy it is more diffiult to be a babysitter because if you are underage , parents should have responsibility on you so it is better to be over 18 .
I love playing with kids but as always there are some rules that have to be followed .
The most important rule , in my opinion , is " having fun without hurting or getting hurt " .
During those few times with which I built my experience we all played together and we cooked together , so I taught them how to make some chicken and some pasta in an Italian way .
Honestly I 'm not the best cook ever , but I can make a few good things like scarbled eggs , pasta and meet .
One of my carachteristics is that I 'm a very precise person , for example I enjoy making lists because they make my mind clearer , and I strictly follow what I wrote so everything , hopefully , endes well .
Thank you for your time and attention .
Trust in flying with a horse
I really like many sports on this world . I go to ge gym daily to stay fit and healthy .
But my overall favourite sport is riding horses .
I 'm doing it since I 'm six years old .
It is so fascinating for me to build up a relationship to the horse you ride .
You know what is the most important thing about riding horses ?
It is all about trust .
If you provide confidence , the horse will trust you .
With this reliance you can go throughout everything together .
Many people think , it 's not really a sport .
But believe me , riding uses so much endurance !
What I like mostly about all the different sections of riding horses is jumping .
I feel so free when I can fly over these obstacles .
Another good feeling is the speed when you gallop .
Surely this was not everything .
Riding means also to clean the horse and look after it , but nevermind , it 's the best sport you can do .
As the production of cars is increased , it seems that the needs for public transportation is declined .
Some insist that no one need bus or subway in the future .
However , in my opinion , it rather useful to use public vehicles as time goes by based on two critical reasons .
First , people do n't want to waste their time finding parking lots .
The more people have their own cars , the more space to park is needed .
Unfortunately , there is a certain limit to space , so it is not possible that everyone use their car every day especially in mega cities like Seoul , New York , and London .
It is more convenient to move from here to there when you take the bus or subway because you do n't have to worry about your car while working .
The second reason is more important and obvious .
It is related to the environmental issues .
Using public means help to protect the Earth from air pollution .
There are so many kinds of problems which the environmental pollution causes .
The pollution is a kind of global issues of which people should consider seriously .
Without reducing personal vehicles , there is no solution of that problem .
Surely , the government will try to make a better system of public transport because they want citizens not to use their own means .
For these reasons , there will be the future for the public transport always .
Moreover , it is quite optimistic that people will need more it rather than private transport .
Dear Sir ,
I am writing to enquire about the job of Camp Assistant in a summer camp , which was advertise in a magazine .
I am 25 years old and I have finished my studies of psicology this year and I am available to work from July to September .
I am a very active person and I am accustomed to doing different kind of sports activities such as swimming and riding .
I consider me a responsible person with the ability to be able to face any kind of problems .
As soon as the languages I speak native Spanish and Catalan and also I speak French and Germany fluenly and recenly I have passed the First certificate in English .
I feel that I have the right experience and qualifications to do this job .
If you think that I am the most suitable person to be recruited , I would interested to hear from you .
Yours faithfully ,
Mary Smith
This topic leads me to think of professional skill " Architecture design " .
This result in different of views on whether people agree the best things for improvement people 's lives have already taken place .
I hold the belief that the topic for me is completely wrong , even some improvements are easy to use and solves the most of problems .
First , the development of population still continue , the space for living still a serious problem although , the skyscraper already solved the most of problems from population crisis .
On the other hand , the skyscraper makes more problems , such as pollution .
For example , I designed the highly architecture in the highly population density city in Taiwan .
The skyscraper provides more space for excess population ; however , the building will produces more pollution when the skyscraper constructs by modern materials , such as steel and concrete .
They will destroy the environment when the raw material digs out from the site .
The pollution must hurt the local people and environment from the site of raw materials .
This is why I mentioned that the problem still exists and the problem only transforms to another regions and type .
Second , the computer system looks like solves the most of problems ; however , this system make more dangerous in specific situations .
The " BUG " must be appears from man - made system because of the incomplete coding .
That is why our personal information always leaks to the " hacker " .
For instance , when we enjoy the electronic commercial service and shop the goods on the Internet , the hacker may steal the private information at the same time .
They will use that information to cheat people 's money on the phone and you will trust them because of the correct personal information .
This is normal phenomenon in Taiwan ; however , police ca n't do anything because of the hacker 's anonymity .
That is what I said that the best improvement things still not exist , even the computer system already solved some problems .
Of course , some people may be moved to disagree with my position on this issue .
That being said , I still feel the reasons I have presented was strong ones , such as architecture and computer system .
Dear Jane ,
As soon as I read the article about your problem , I decided to write you at once and give you some suggestions , since I have the similar interest in physical fitness , too .
I feel very strongly that the daily exercise is a basic definition which we must keep if we want to be on shape .
To start with , a simple way to work out is not to get the bus for school .
For example , you could go on foot or with your bicycle accompanied by your friends instead.by doing this , you will burn more and more calories daily without a special equipment and having fun with your pals .
Furthermore , if I were you , I would go with engaging in healh club .
For instance , signing up for hip - hop dance or aerobic classes as I do , it would be a nice idea .
In this way , you will do a hard - working exercise without realising it , as you will enjoy yourself at the same time .
What is more , it could help if you work out at home and buy gym equipment such as treadmill or a bicycle .
By doing the chores of the house like the washing is another way to exercise as well .
As a result , you will save time and embarrassment , especially if you are out of shape .
To sum up , if you follow my options you 'll see results directly and I 'm sure you will not regret it .
You will not feel self - confident and glad , but your outward appearance wiil be better .
Friendship today
Friendship is actually a really important issue nowadays .
Plenty of ways can be used to make new friends .
Facebook , Twitter … all of these social networks offer us the easiest way to find new friends .
But are they real ones ?
In my opinion the best way to develop your new friendship is , meeting them , have a coffee a drink or whatever .
Talking is truly the unique way to get to know people and establish strong bound .
Moreover , some guys try to find friends who always agree with them .
However , it could be a little bit unhealthy .
To tell you frankly a best friend has to offer you a different point of view and what is more it is important say no sometimes .
For all of these reasons we have to take care our friendship theses days and social networks are ok to be in touch with your friends but if you wo n't to make new ones .
Go anywhere !
And meet new people .
Money : essential for youngsters ?
At the age of eighteen , most of British students are finishing secondary school .
A new , tougher world is in front of them as they get ready for collage or to embark on their professional career .
The family financial support , at this stage , seems almost essential .
With this in mind , some questions arise : Should young people be given all money easily or should they put in a great deal of effort to get it ?
Should parents prepare the ground for their sons ' success or just let them work hard to build their lives ?
We have to admit that toil and trouble are urgent needs of this juvenile generation .
Why do we call them youngsters ?
Because they are so , and there is no trouble with that .
But there comes a time when they are supposed to make it to adulthood .
At this point , lack of money might be a blessing in disguise .
The more they sweat to chase their dreams , the fast they ripen and prize what they earn .
I 'm not dismissing the idea of financial aid , though .
Do n't get me wrong , please .
What I 'm doing is challenging the way we approach to it .
We have to preserve the ethical value of maintenance at the same time we help the next generations to succeed by their own means .
If we can provide youngsters with money and still avoid they grow lazy , then economic relief is welcomed .
Undoubtedly , I 'm presenting a major challenge to every parent : shall we be able to take care for youngsters provision and yet teach them that money does n't grow on trees ?
Money is almost essential , but the way young people learn to interact with this is essential to shape a society that appreciates what it obtains through effort .
My holidays in Spain ( 2nd part )
My holidays was here !
I arrived to Spain on Sunday morning , It was a lovely sunny day in Malaga .
I arrived very exahusted , because I could't sleep the night before .
I had to wait awake in the airport !
When I arrived at home , I just wondered one thing , sleep , so I did .
I was sleeping all the afternoon .
I was really tired !
Monday , I had the typical " family day " , I had been eating with all my family in our cottage .
Then I met with my friends and we had a nice evening drinking some beers in the pubs .
The Tuesday was an extraordinary beach day .
I was all the day liying in the beach , talking with my friends and having an incredibly time with them .
Wednesday was the relaxed day .
I was all the day at home with my cat watching English film and eating Spanish desert .
In Andalusia , in Easter , the typical desert it 's called " pestiño " .
It a sweet olive oil pastry with honey .
My mum was preparing the day before , and was really yummy .
I almost eat it all !
My family is catholic so in Easter , the main days for our religion are Thursday and Friday , for my family too .
I 'm catholic , I believe in God but I 'm not very friendly with the Vaticano 's rules .
I 'm a free catholic .
Probably it sounds weird , but I 'm on my way .
These two day were family days , I had to go to the church to a mess which represent the last alive days from Jesuschrist : the last dinner and the passion .
At least , these weekend I did n't do anything in special , because I feel tired and I had n't got money enough to do any special plan .
Finally , the day to comes to England had arrived .
Monday I came back to London and my holidays had finished .
See you soon Spain !
In my opinion public transport is the future , because its quality and comfort will improve and it 'll be easier to move and cheaper too .
Travelling by car is so much more conveniente if we think about small places such as villages or small towns .
Imagine to go by car to cities like London , is it the car more convenient ?
If you consider the cahotic traffic and the long queues to get there and impact of these factores on people 's health and people 's finances , I 'm sure you 'll change your mind about public transport .
In the last few years public transport has been improving a lot in terms of technology , flexibility and diversity in terms of timetables , tickets and places .
Besides these , the public transport is better for the environment , especially the electric bus .
The electric bus is an option in many countries as a way to improve the environment .
This type of transport is a great contribution to the environment , because it 's cleaner than those that need petrol or diesel to work .
On the other hand , is possible to find hibrid cars but they are more expensive than those that works with normal fuel and for that reason people 's first option is not this kind of car .
The theme of environment is very important nowadays and can cost a lot to a country .
A country has to pay for their ecological foot and this means as much pollution is produced more environment damage , in other words bigger ecological foot , and consequently more has to be paid .
Governments will define environmental stategies in order to decrease the costs of ecological foot .
Such strategies will involve taxes above poluent cars , the increase of fuel price and definition of benefits to those who opts for more environmental means of transport .
So the convenience of travelling by car is not totally true .
Of course you are owner of your time and destinations , but it is enough ?
Think about its impact on your espences and on the environment , would n't be better to take a bus , an underground or a train ?
If we consider all the factors mentioned above , probably much people will change their mind .
Dear USA Summer Camps ,
I am Ana Alicea Benavidez , a student from the Faculty of Medicine of Málaga , where a girl , who was one of your volunteer , was talking about this project the last week , she suggested we to join it .
I have working in different activities like this , for example in a famous basketball team as a volunteer , or in the hospital with children and their parents who live there .
Moreover , I live alone in my home , therefore I can cook and be an excellent cooker too .
I consider I am a fun , communicative and responsible person with experience in this kind of activities , and who can help in all the things you need .
Because of that , I think that I could take part in your team and I would be a suitable person for you .
Finally , I would like to know where will be the camps exactly because I need to buy the flights .
Yours sincerely ,
Ana
A wise man said " The pen is mightier than the sword " ( Edward Bulwer - Lytton ) .
These words reflect the power and the importance of writing and reading across mankind 's history .
Although there are a lot of reasons that support that idea , this article focuses about the importance of reading as a great tool to exercise our brain .
First of all , the brain is a complex part of our body that is able to process information and create knowledge based on stimulus .
Those kinds of stimulus come from several sources and they help you in different measures to exercise the brain .
However , reading is the most important source to exercise the brain because it presents a lot of challenges for our mind .
For instance , when you read , you have to associate characters and places , and memorize details .
Those kinds of things help to the brain to be more active and process information faster .
At second , there are some researches that prove that in general people who read are smarter than people who do not .
This affirmation is based in the fact of the increase of literacy and development of verbal intelligence that people get when they exercise the brain reading books .
This is another big reason to take care about reading , because in this competitive world , only smart people will be able to get the best opportunities available in society .
At third , when people read , they have to use the imagination to get a better idea of what 's going on .
That situation is another example of how reading is an excellent brain 's exercise , because when people have to imagine things , the brain has to be creative , and that kind of process is too important to improve yourself in problem 's resolution and creation of important ideas in real life .
In general all the things described before show how important is reading to exercise the brain .
So , next time when you try to avoid a book , think first whether you need that your brain works faster or be more creative , because could be a good idea to exercise a little bit your brain with reading .
Review Silence of the Lambs
There are many good movies , especially thrillers are always enjoyable in my opinion .
One of those is the movie ' Silence of the Lambs ' , where Clarice , an FBI agent in training , has been asked to talk to an imprisoned Hannibal Lecter who has information about a serial killer the FBI has been trying to catch .
There were several reasons why this movie stood out .
First I was really impressed by the performance of Jodi Foster ( Clarice ) and Anthony Hopkins ( Hannibal ) .
I have always thought of them as really good actors , but they were exquisite in this movie .
Not only in their individual parts , but also in the scenes they did together .
Secondly , the storyline was unpredictable and really clever and for that really enjoyable .
You had to pay attention throughout the entire movie to keep up with the story .
On top of that was there tension at all times .
This movie is outstanding , I believe that even people who are not really into thrillers will enjoy watching it .
As I mentioned before , are both the acting and the storyline really impressive .
You will be watching with full interest .
At last is the character of Hannibal Lecter one of a kind , there is no other movie where you will find a figure like him .
Dearest Renee ,
How 's your first English literature lesson at school ? I hope it had loads of fun with plenty new knowledge acquired !
I had learnt the special features of the 16th century acting business and theatres in London as well as the lifetime of William Shakespeare .
I ca n't wait to tell you more !
You may have thought theatres would be fashionable place for the royalty , courtiers and merchants .
However , it was not .
During the reign of Queen Elizabeth I and King James I , play watching was an entertainment for the locals to relax .
As it cost very little to get into an open - aired theatre , everyone jammed and jostled to watch plays , though the poor stood under bright sunshine and had their heads burnt while the rich sat in the shelter with an extra shilling paid .
At the same time , actors were busy dressing and reciting the scripts . '
Love is a smoke made with the fume of sighs . '
Do you remember this famous quote from Romeo and Juliet ?
At that time , males had to work while the female were forced to stay at home and do all the household chores .
Frankly speaking , actresses did NOT exist !
These actors paid full attention to convenience the audience that it was graceful Juliet rather than a stiff boy acting .
They used props , thick make - up , gowns , wigs and all sorts of accessories .
The ' Juliets ' even had to shave their beard and moustache and enjoy their role throughout the play .
What a gargantuan sacrifice of self - esteem and reputation they had given up !
One more interesting fact is that , both the lovers in the play were Italians but their playwright had never been to Italy .
It could reflect 16th century London was a melting point of different cultures and Shakespeare probably got in touch Italian culture by making friends with those local visitors .
Three trumpet blasts were given symbolizing the start of play , yet none of the respected silence would be given .
Audience would boo and throw fruits to the actors in case they did n't like them .
Special dramatic effects were thus added on stage .
Cannonballs were rolled around to make sound of thunder .
Pig 's blood was used during casualties or deaths in sword fighting .
Stage trapdoors allowed actors to vanish magically .
In a roofed - in theatre , pulleys and machinery were used for lowering actors on stage .
Shakespeare provided everything the people asked for --- laughter , romance , and tragidies .
The play lover , King James I was impressed and became the patron of the Lord Chamberlain 's Men .
The company changed its name into ' the King 's Men ' and performed over 200 plays !
By now , I have widened my horizons and increased my interest towards the spotlight on playhouses .
I wish you love it either !
Write soon !
Cheers ,
Michelle
As you asked I am going to give the information of how my village looks after the environment .
My village has been working on this project for decades they have been fixing their techniques and they still know a day 's everything has cost us a lot of effort we started from the easiest examples ( dividing rubbish into different containers ) to some that are more complex ( renewable energy ) .
We live in an area where its population has all types of animals which can get hurt very easily by human 's activities ; so in our community we have very strict rules when referring to taking care of the environment .
The principal things everyone must have at their houses are three trash can for the division of the trash ; one must be for renewable materials ( rest of food , paper , carton … ) another for plastics and the last one for glass .
All the energy being used in the town is renewable energy ; ( hydraulic energy , solar energy and wind energy ) every house has a solar panel that gets the sun light transforming it into energy , that provide part of the energy to each house the days that the sun shines but if there is no sun the village has a dam beside us which provides them enough with water for the whole village and also with hydraulic energy ; not only we have hydraulic energy but also wind energy ; in the out skirts of the village there is a wind power plant where the wind energy is produced .
Also our water has one of the best purification methods after we use it we clean it so we do n't contaminate the water of the river or dam .
To try to keep the environment clean we have a big group of voluntary workers that work after their jobs here trying to keep this area as clean as possible by picking all the rubbish and controlling the whole area in case there is something not normal .
Apart from this group of voluntaries every person of the village is obliged to take care of the environment and use the car as little as possible so the pollution is as minimum as possible here the bicycle is the most famous way of transport car are n't common they are only used when transporting heavy thing or when travelling long distances .
Nowadays , many people like do the shopping .
But everyone think in that way ?
Some of them think that buying things are very boring and unnecessary .
First advantage of buying new things in shops is that it is very satisfying , in particular for women .
Many of them are relaxed when they are searching for new , remarkable clothes .
Secondly , we could find shocking bargain in shops .
Shops could give us even 70 percent of sale , what helps saving more money .
On the other hand , doing the shopping is not only something enjoyable .
One of the drawback of going to the shop is that we spend huge amount of money .
We would buy next , impracticable high - heel shoes , which will spend couple of years in wordrobe .
Last but not least disadvantage against for doing the shopping , in the mall could prowl many pickpokets , because they could rob us .
In conclusion , buying new things is a good idea to spend fascinating time with friends , however we could also lose a lot of money .
Personally , I do not agree with the statement " shopping is not always enjoyable " , because I like this kind of spending leisure time , for instant , with my mom or friends .
This bar chart deals with the costs of three different photocopiers .
Therefore it compares the purchase price , the warranty expenses and the running costs of each product .
Interestingly the pruchase price of " Carde " and " KD " is almost the same .
In " Cardas " case the amount is $ 600 and " KDs " price is vagualy $ 700 .
However " Sebu " rocks with a pruchase price of $ 1,000 .
All photocopiers show a very low warranty price .
In this category " KD " exeeds with cost of $ 200 .
Wherby " Carda " and " Sebu " score with warrnty expenses under $ 150 .
" Cada"s product has the highest running costs with $ 1,200 .
In the case of " KD " the running charges come only up to $ 800 and " Sebu " has obviously the lowest expenses with $ 600 .
As a long term investion I would choose " Sebus " model even its purchase price is very high .
The reason therefore are its small warranty and especially running costs .
The kenn running expenses will compensate the purchase price in the future .
In today 's world , nearly every person take care of what she or he is wearing .
Many people claim , that wearing fashionable clothes is very important .
It seems to me that these clothes may have a high price and sometimes they do not worth it .
Some people fear if they do not wear the latest fashion , they wo n't be valuable person .
They spend a fortune on outfits and wait for being admired and appreciated .
Wearing any kind of clothes have an effect on you , and obviously on your image .
I agree with the idea that clothes can help in expressing ourselves .
It is very important to choose those items which represent your personality .
For example , some people design their own clothes and they sew it too .
In this way , they represent originality just by using their creativity .
However , in most causes people are not satisfied with their shape and look .
It is often owing to wearing clothes which do not fit and suit them .
The latest fashion is often designed for slim persons , so it is recommend to choose the right ones .
To sum up , I believe there are pros and cons wearing the latest fashion .
The most significant thing is that it is not what makes you beautiful .
It 's inside that count .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He ran over to his treehouse on the mountain , where he used to spend time himself or reading a book .
Two days before Peter received a letter of someone saying to meet her / him in the treehouse at 5 o'clock .
The treehouse was built by Peter 's father and it was their secret .
Two years ago , Peter 's father died so Peter was the only one that knew where was the treehouse .
So , who could have sent that letter ?
Peter ran and ran and when he arrived he saw the door opened .
He founded it strange because he always lock the door and the only people that had the keys was he and his father .
He came into the house and saw a man sitting on his father 's chair .
He shout " Who 's there ? " and suddenly the man turned over and the mystery man was Peter 's father and he said " I 'm proud that you have kept our secret .
See you later ... " .
Peter ran into his father 's arms but he disappeared and he promised himself that he never ever would tell anyone about the secret .
I do not think that no future for public transport because not all the people can have a car , especially , poor people in the developing country .
Moreover , there are places on long distance we can not travel by car , so we need a train or even a plane .
In addition , some people do not like travelling by their private cars on the highways because they fear the accidents .
But on the other hand , l agree to some extent that travelling by my private car is much more convenient .
I can travel at any time being restricted to specific times , as well as l can rest at any cafe to drink my favorite coffee .
I enjoy using GPS during travelling on my own to explore new places .
Consequently , we can not dispense with public transport , even if some of us would rather to use their private cars .
Some non - building areas , in some countries , are now occupying by housing and other residential buildings .
This would have some serious problems for both citizens and animals .
Human beings need more natural environment to live better and to ensure the living qualities .
Inhabits can go to countryside to have a pacnic or excursion with their friends or families to relax .
Ater natural areas , such as farmland , forest and wetland , are destroyed in large - scale , there is no close places with beautiful scenes to visit .
The consequence is that they are easily to get sick with modern buildings , which would influence their mental health , and even worse .
For animals , they are a part of nature , where is the home for them .
Without a pleasant place to live in , they are confronting extinction .
If their living areas are occupied by housing and other buildings , their source of food and water could be a serious problem .
As a result , some most vulnerable species will face to die out .
The large - scale building land are supporsed to be their home .
For governments , restriction on exploring human land is one of the ways to solve these problems .
Policmakers can enact a law in reducing land development .
Another method is that natural ecology gardens can be provided to those animals , like birds .
As long as there are some places for them to live , the natural ecology could be balanced .
In conclusion , a wide range of buildings and constructions can not only destroy our own living environment , but also that of animals .
Governments are responsible for changing this problems to achieve the harmony between man , nature and animals .
LIVE AND STUDY IN SPAIN NOW …
WORK WITH US ! ! !
We know that submerging in the culture and custom of our chosen language is important and a better way to learning it .
We are however conscious of the financial difficulties that young people face today , it is for this reason that we propose the following idea .
It gives you the possibility of working as an Au Pair .
Earn while you learn Spanish and become more independent !
All that is required of you is to have a knack for kids and love the idea of becoming Au Pair .
Are you interested ? Do not hesitate !
Fill the application form and and send it to us in the following email address :
This could be the greatest experience of your life , do n't miss it ! !
First of all , I want to sincerely thank you for the opportunistic offer to proved quick ways to begin saving environmental resources .
I will begin by strongly advising cycling for a number of reasons : a better physical health , better mental health , and no paying oil bills .
The physical exercise endured during cycling provides a great workout for the cycler , and in addition to that , blending with mother nature helps improve mental health ; you also save your own money by not paying for oil bills .
Another way to help is to save the electricity , and while doing that , save my money too .
Moreover , less electrical stress on the machines ensures that the machines ' lives elongate .
I also recycle my old paper material such as old books , and this greatly helps our atmosphere thanks to the decrease in hazardous gases resulting from burned waste .
On the other hand , we all get to benefit from the cheaper recycled paper materials ; I also want to mention the blissful feeling I get when I recall I have done good for our wonderful world .
In the end , I sincerely hope this report proves informative and encouraging for many .
This was Ahmed Bishara and I am a fierce supporter of this cause .
Dear Sir or Madam
I am writing in order to apply for the post of Camp Assistant you have adverted in a magazine .
I am sure I will respond to your requirements since I have the abilities you are asking for .
Recently I passed my First Certificate in English and I speak fluently Spanish , too .
In addition I am very responsible person and I have got a first aid certificate , which has given me the confidence to deal with emergency situations .
I am not a professional athlete , however I am keen on sports , especially street running competitions .
I enjoy participating , whenever possible , in competitions in my city as an amateur athlete .
I would like to enlighten I am available for the dates given , because I will have finished my degree course in June .
Finally I want to let you know both of my references are happy to be contacted immediately to confirm my personal qualities .
I hope to hear as soon as possible from you an interview arrangement .
Yours faithfully .
Save yourself
Have you ever thought what you can do to help the environment ?
Maybe not !
There is a lot that you can do ...
This year I decided to clean the local forest with my family .
It will be very good to us , to the animals and to all the plants .
First , we thought that will be good to plant trees but it 's easier to make this .
Cleaning the forest is a fantastic idea because when the forests are cleaned , forest fires hardly happen .
It will sabe lots of plants and animals , it will save the environment , so it will save me and you .
Do n't forget that the environment is very important for all of us .
By saving the environment , you are saving your life
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She had a feeling that her birthday wo n't be oridinary .
For sure her friends were preparing a big surprise .
As far as she considered , she find out that she had a right .
Firstly , just after she had went into the school they greeted her with million colofull balloons with inscriptions with all the best wishes .
Then she had to go for class so every balloon was sent to the sky what made a beautiful view .
After she had finished her lessons , her boyfriend arrived on his motorcycle and took her for a nice trip .
Eventually they came to the lake on the suburbs and then she saw something unexceptable .
There was a big surprice - party in the forest .
Firstly she noticed only a big tranparent with a title " Happy birthday Anna ! "
and then it turned out that all her crew was there .
She heard the music and this is how the party stared .
It was really amazing day full of pleasures .
Anna would never forget it !
In my point of view I recommend you to stop going to sport classes , because I think music classes are better because you can also get a job in a orchesta or something like that .
Also you can work such an athletic and you can obtain a big amount of money but it 's also so difficult to get there and you have to be the best of them to earn a good amount of money .
So yes , I recommend you to carry on with your music classes but if you prefer to do sports I will support you also .
I do n't know which of them you like more but I am sure that you like one more than the other , so if you want to be a basketball player do n't give up with it .
I recommend you more the music classes but that 's your choice .
So that was my opinion about your problem and my recommendation but you are the one that have to take a decision , so good luck and remember to study also .
This project is a Historic Research on the relation between Euro and Denmark , to discover and understand the changes made by Denmark Institutions and Government as to adequate their social , economic and political system in relation with the new European currency .
With this research I want to discover if those changes helped Denmark protect itself from the European crisis .
The Danish measures will be also compared with other actions performed by European Countries like Italy .
This study project will be developed studying
-Danish and European historic documents and previous research about the Euro ;
-old and contemporary Danish journalistic articles ;
-Danish and European Institutions such as ECB , European Commission , Danish Ministry of Economy and Foreign Affairs , and it will be necessary to make and analyse interviews to Danish and European politicians , economists and experts of this historic and economic field .
The aim is to trace the new political , economic and social structure of Denmark in relation to the Euro and all its consequences .
To ensure safety wearing safety shoes is the most basic measure .
Besides , different training has different safety requirement .
For example , in the electro - pneumatic control training course , the operator must wear face mask when the machine is on to protect from hitting by the tube with high pressure air , likewise , it is also a necessary measure to start the machine after you are fully prepared with a face mask .
And the PLC controller 's wires have been protected by the insulated rubber everywhere except the connection point .
In addition , when operating the variable frequency drive ( VFD ) , it is necessary to set another separate emergency stop button , which is easy to be make out for unprofessional people in case of emergency .
" Your granddaughter must be born , with a curse that cause a scorn . Imperceptible she must become until she finds a love .
Two - sided it must be , or else she 'll disappear forever and a day . "
Ever since a curse was put opon Ailee 's grandmother , the girl has been living a daunting life .
A life , being unseen to humans eyes .
Ailee was banished to the forest at the age of 16 .
It was the curse that had made her life living next to the humans tough .
Whenever she was near any person , she would feel odious pain .
It stung her like there were a million needles inside her .
" The fate gives you a human that you can bear . "
But how to get a love when you are invisible ?
The curse has a good side which Ailee is enjoying a lot .
I watched a movie called The Help .
It was the story about black maids who worked for white families during 1960 's .
The movie was stoning , some of the plots were rather shocking .
It is hard to believe during the segregation time , black people were treated as a second - class citizen not only in real life but also in the constitution law .
The movie revealed the ironic reality and the ignorance and stupidity of some unkind people during the segregation time .
It also had some warm scenes , showing hope , courage and sacrifice .
Before I moved to Canada .
I did not know much about African - Americans ' history .
I had heard about slavery , discrimination , hate crimes against black people , but I did not know what really happened at that time .
Now from books , movies , I knew some of the most influence movements , I know Martin Luther King , Jr. was more than an activist and a public speaking man .
I knew the first person who ended the segregation at southern was a 9-year old girl .
It 's hard to imagine what they had been through during the civil rights movements .
It 's hard to put myself into their boat .
What if I was an African- American , what if I was born during the segregation time .
Would I be brave , determined ?
Would I hide behind crowds ?
I really do n't know .
It is really difficult to even think of .
As if I can not imagine if I were a heroin of one of the enormous heroic stories .
What would I do for my county .
I was born and raised in China , being a Chinese , it is our obligation to remember what Japanese soldiers had done to us during World War II .
We learned enormous heroic stories about how those heros scarified their lives for victory .
I have no idea why we had to learn those legends which were full of darkness , torture and violences .
It was the first day of Max 's School excursion to the Patagonia , they had arrive there yesterrday night but , today was the day they would actually go exploring .
They left early in the morning , everyone in the trip was very excited .
As soon as they got to the base of the mountain trail everyone filled up their water bottle and began walking .
Max was so anxiuos to see all the different kinds of wildlife .
Halfway through the trip Max heard a wierd noise close by and he decided to see what was going on , but before he knew it he was all alone .
The noise continued so he decided to see what was happening , As he turned the corner he found himself looking at a puma that was badly injured .
Max did nt know what to do .
Finally , he decided to go back to the class trip and let them know about the puma .
He followed the trail until final he was able to catch up to the class .
He went to the guide and told him about what he saw .
The guide decided to go with Max to the see the puma for himself .
When they got to the loction the guide decided to call the wildlife protection in that area to come help .
Once the wildlife protection were able to help the puma , everyone congratulated Max for his bravery and help .
Max coud not be happier . "
What and amazing day!",Max whispered to himself as he into bed that night .
The last documentary I saw was a documentary of National Geographic called Ocean .
It was about the life in the ocean and the consequences of climate change .
The first thing I learnt was that we are destroying the Earth and , especially , the oceans .
Every day , a lot of animals die due to all the rubbish we throw into the oceans .
The second thing I learnt was that we have to change the way of fishing because the fishermen kill a lot of aquatic animals , like dolphins or sea turtles , that they do n't want to kill .
This is because they drag nets along the seabed and catch all the animals that are swimming in it .
So overall I would recommend this documentary to everybody because all the people must know what we are doing with the Earth and they must learn to look after it because we only have one Earth and if we destroy it , we wo n't have any place where we can live .
I conduct group and individual training on Hatha Yoga and Thai Yoga ( Ruesi Dat Ton ) .
I am also a Therapeutic Thai massage professional .
All my yoga lessons and massage sessions are conducted in line with Correct Approach to Spine ( CAS ) method , so they are very safe and based on scientific reason .
Safety and knowledge of the body mechanic are very important to CAS vision as they give feeling of confidence and understanding to yoga practitioners .
I have more than 10 years of experience in the field of yoga and four years of teaching .
I had practised Ashtanga and Iyengar 's styles of yoga and Ruesi Dat Ton ( yoga of Thai hermits ) , learned different approaches during my training in India and Thailand , and my practice brought me to Classical Yoga - Correct Approach to Spine school , which way of exersising I found the safest , the most beneficial for health and scientifically grounded .
Because for me the practitioner 's safety is the one of the most important thing as ahimsa ( non harm ) is one of the crucial principles of yoga .
Renée Kwakkenbos
Dear Bruce ,
Thank you for your circular in which you explained your plans with the Warden Park .
My husband and I appreciated very much that you are receptive to new ideas .
As you know , we frequently visit your Health and Fitness Club .
The swimming pool is the favourite spot for building our condition .
Can you imagine that we were a bit disappointed when we read your plans to build a second sauna cabin beside the swimming bath ?
I hope you consider the kids in this plan !
For them ( or do I have to admit us ) , it should be a better idea to build a changing room with more space at that particular place .
In addition , your proposal to provide additional equipment for the gym and a wide screen TV for the snack bar did not get applause in our home .
The snack bar is our reward at the end of all our sweating , but I must apologize that sometimes we leave this place because of its long waiting times .
My recommend : do not hesitate to invest in a second microwave .
My last , but not least , advice is for the gym .
Maybe you can consider a bit renewing there with new classes , such as kickboxing .
Thank you once again that we were allowed to give our suggestions for you wonderful place .
If you ever do need more of these proposals , you can reckon us !
Kind regards ,
Dear Mr Smith :
I read your advertisement on your Internet Website .
I think I am the most suitable employee for your request .
I usually look after children and really enjoy it .
My cooking abilities are not good enough but I can learn cooking quickly .
I am as good in organizing that I am able to meet a lot of people in a short time .
I would like to take a meeting with you to explain to you my skills with more detail and also I 'll bring you a copy of my Curriculum Vitae .
Hoping to hear from you soon .
Sincerely Nuria
He loves searching the net .
He surfs three or four hours each day .
He has contacts from Cape Town to San Francisco and from Santiago de Chile to Manila .
As many young people , Michael lives with email , Whatsapp , Facebook and something like that .
Two weeks ago he knew a beautiful girl in Linkedin .
She seemed a foreign student in Palmira , in the north of Siria .
They began to plan some adventures together .
At certain moment , the girl , named Cris , asked him for a little aid .
He must go to a certain place , recover a suitcase and send it to Casablanca .
She said it was a present for his aunt , who lives in Casablanca .
Michael went to take the case .
He took the case and planned to travel to Casablanca next weekend , taking advantage of a bank holiday on Monday .
Michael booked the trip and arrived at the port in Algeciras on Friday evening .
He entered the office to control the luggage .
A civil servant called him to go to a next room to speak with him .
They entered .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Tom and his campaign
A few days ago , Tom saw on the newspaper an article that talked about the pollution that is produced by the cars and the effects that they would have in a few years .
This would cause a global warming causing the winter disappearance .
The same day he asked to his Science teacher if this would probably happen on a future .
The Science teacher explained to Tom all the problems that would provoke the global warming an he propose to Tom to do a campaign to raise about the use of the cars and the problems that would cause on a future .
To promote the campaign , Tom went to speak with the director and they put in agreement that all the kids of the school did a few placards with inspiring phrases to not use so much the cars and uses more public transport .
When Tom has arrived home , he has explained to their parents all related to the campaign and they have been very happy
It had been a very long day and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
Dear Sir ,
My name is Laura and I 'm 25 years old .
I come from Sestri Levante , a small town near Genoa , on the north of Italy .
I live just in front of the sea and I 've been working in restaurants and pubs since I was 16 , where I learned cooking and serving tables .
I am the eldest of four brothers and sisters and I have been used to take care of them , when my parents were at work , especially because I love babysitting !
I can cook and I like organizing sports and different types of activities , so I think I would be really suitable to work for you .
I can speak English and German and I am a really hardworking girl , always happy and cheerful with everybody .
I attach my English C.V. so you can read my references and my past experiences .
Thank you very much for your kind attention .
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon
Kind regards ,
Laura Piccio
Home of the future will be definitely different from those in which we live currently .
Maybe the shape of homes will not change as much , as the internal .
For sure the main role in every home will play technology .
Everything will be working remotely , lightning , heating - probably there will be a possibility to programme everything by time , day , month and so on .
Keys wo n't be necessary anymore .
Doors will open by our voice , footprint or retina scan .
All appliances will be eco - friendly .
There will not be a home without air - conditioning anymore .
Room configuration and style will be somewhat different - more glazing , more open spaces .
Homes in general will be more airy .
The decor will be more modern and simpler .
The dominate colour will be white , but there will be some elements in more vivid colours .
Main materials will be plastic and metal .
Unfortunately we ca n't know that for one hundred percent .
We 'll see with ours own eyes in twenty , maybe fifty years .
One year ago Robert Stromerg directed " Maleficent " , from the film " Sleeping beauty " .
The cast included Anegelina Jolie as Maleficen , Elle Fanning as Princess Aurora , Sharlto Copley as King Stefan and Sam riley as Diaval .
This film is set in England .
The film is about Maleficent that become bad because she is abuse by Stefan , her true love .
Later stefan becomes King and decide batter down the magic forest , where lives Maleficent .
Then the daughert 's Stefan , Aurora , goes to live with three faires .
Maleficent finds Aurora and they become friends .
When Aurora is sixteen falls in sleep because Maleficent has done enchantment when Aurora was young .
The three faires lead to the castle a prince , Philp , because he has to do the kiss of true love .
After taht Aurora does n't wake up .
Maleficent is sad and she does apologies and she kisses Aurora .
The princess wakes up .
Finally Maleficent overpowers Stefan .
At the end Aurora lives with Maleficent in the magic forest .
The cast is excellent and the color in the photography is spectacular .
It is well worth seeing !
As I think , learning likes a weapon for any individual which enables him to be like a champion .
Nelson Mandela said , " Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world " .
Learning has no end , We spend all of our lives learn from circumstances we face .
Learning not only means to study in schools , universities , etc .
But it means to improve your skills , your talents .
Nowadays , you have a lot of ways to learn and be better in your life and your career .
For example , one of these ways is the Internet .
You can use it to learn any language or take courses in any field from your home during weeks or months as you can , which named self - study .
This can be easy only when you are determined to achieve what you want .
Always remember that , " Education is what remains after one has forgotten what he has learned in school " Albert Einstein said .
This composition is about the famous person from my country .
This humble and famous man is called Kinta Kenneth .
I choose this man because he was a significant player during the slave trade .
He fought for the liberation of slavery in West Africa .
He put the Gambia on the world map .
The Gambia is visited by many tourist because of him .
This has led to many black Americans to visit the Gambia for investment purposes .
Kinta Kenneth was a captured slave from Naima Juffera .
He was captured while hunting with his colleagues in the forest .
This was in 1879 during the slave trade period .
Kunta was captured because he was trying to rescue his friend who was lost in the forest .
He can across the slave master in the mouth of the river Gambia while looking for his friend .
He ran away from them but they later captured him with their dogs .
Kunta was sold to slave master in South America .
He works very had in the sugar plantation for the slave master .
While in capture , he fought the rights of all the black slaves in the campus .
He refused to work more than eight hours a day and he refused to take orders from the slave master .
He was refused with food but he kept going with his strike .
He was later given the opportunity to learn English language .
He attends the same class with other relatives of the slave masters .
He did very well during their exam and was given another opportunity to teach English to other slaves .
He was famous and respectful in the slave Campus .
But was later betrayed by his slave masters .
He organised demonstrations which turned out to abolishment of slavery .
He died during the demonstration .
But his name was written by all western nation newspaper as the brave man .
Because of his efforts that lead to the abolishment of slavery and the freedom for captured slave in the campus .
The Gambia is well known by the adventurers and the tourist .
The history of Kunta Kinta is part of our national history .
The stature of Kinta is situated in the entrance of Banjul .
Kunta was not only a great man in the Gambia but a hero .
Public transport is a public medium to bring people from one place to another .
In this era , there are many types of public transport using by people , for example : bus , train , monorail , light - rail - transit ( LRT ) , taxi , and so on .
Most people using a public transport to go to their workplace and travelling around the city .
Some of the workers choosing to use public transport than their own cars .
This is because they want to avoid the traffic block .
Mostly , they are more preferring to use public transport than the car because it can avoid the traffic block and save time to get into their workplace earlier .
It is also can save the money as the price of the ticket of public transport is cheaper compared to oil cost by using the car .
Through all of these points , it is not faulty to say that is the public transport still available and very useful in our daily life , even there are a lot types of cars , which are more convenient .
so , there will be a future for public transport because of its own benefits or advantages to human society .
It is very friendly transportation where the people from all places , meet in one transport and they can make a relationship between them .
Additionally , the pollution , such as haze , will be decreased because fewer people using the car .
As a conclusion , there is a future for public transport and it also convenient to use it for travelling .
We will not have to worry about where to find a park for the car and we can enjoy the trip .
Dear sir or madam ,
I have seen your advertisement for the job of the USA Summer Camps advertised in the local newspaper on the seventh of June .
I 'm 18 years old and I 'm a final year secondary school student .
I believe I 'm a good candidate for this job because I have passed the FCE examination and in a few months I will be taking CAE exam .
I also speak Spanish and Portuguese due to the fact that I have family in both countries .
I am particularly interested in this job due to the fact that I already worked in summer camps ( In Spain and France ) for two years and I 'm very passionate about being with children . I would be able to organise sports and evening activities too because I have helped in many events at my school .
Unfortunately , I do n't have much experience of working in kitchens , but I think I 'm hardworking enough to pull it out .
With reference to my character , I am very organised , friendly and determined .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully , Laura
From : yo@gmial.com
To : summercamps@bt.com
Subject : Aplication .
Dear Sir Cunningham ,
I am writing to apply for one of the positions of camp monitors you advirtised in the last Monday 's Daily news , I am interested because this post will give me complementary experience .
I am 18 years old , and I am quite selfconfident and a reliable person , I used to take care of my young brother quite often and I handle well with young children .
I have been working in several camps during the last year for this reason I have some relevant experience in this area , in addition I am doing a degree in teaching at the University of London , and during the last quarter I have been in charge of a group of six children in activities related to sports and cooking .
For all the different aspects described before I believe I would be suitable for this post .
If you require any further information do n't hesitate to contact me on 666777555 in the evenings .
I would be very grateful if you would consider my application for this post .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Rafa Pons .
I 'm not a sportsman , I like watching basketball , tennis , football , but my favorite sport is the running .
A lot of people like it , because I think so , it is the cheapest sport .
We need only an amazing runnigshoes , and that 's all , ok ... ,
we need at least 45 minute , per day , or at least 3 times a week .
I love this sport !
For me it is like a meditation . I can think about everything , or nothing .
This is my decision .
It is very good for the circulation , the running helps me to be in good shape .
I do n't want to lost weight , I want to keep it , and I want to eat my favorite dessert , if I want ...
A lot of people say : " I ca n't ... " .
If you have 2 legs , you can !
Buy a good shoes , and first time 5 minutes running is enough !
Do n't run too much and so quickly !
Go every second day , run in your own rhythm , and the next week you can do more ! ... and a day you will run a half marathon , and you will be strong , fresh and so confident , like never before !
I have the pleasure to give this essay to Ms .
Eliot , my special English teacher .
The restaurant I would love to review for the class is one of the most popular restaurants located just near the downtown plaza .
It is called the ' Egyptian Cuisine ' and its name actually represents what it has to offer .
It offers a delicious Egyptian menu which provides enough dishes to cover all tastes , as an example , their delicious fresh eggplant traditional salad .
If there is anything that favors this restaurant , it has to be the quantity they serve ; a surely efficient quantity along the truly special quality leaves this restaurant as one of the best in town , if not in the whole country .
What about the amazing eccentric atmosphere they have to offer ; with a soulful live band and an elegant dining set , their atmosphere adds up to the flavor of their food .
In addition to that , they will be able to offer a connected table that could fit ht whole class , professionally named , the meeting table .
To come to the point .
This restaurant has to be the right choice for two reasons ; firstly it offers a traditional menu which will ensure to cover all different tastes .
Secondly , the lively atmosphere it offers will surely keep the class entertained during the entire dine - in .
At the end of my essay , I would like to devote this paragraph and thank my wonderful teacher for this opportunistic chance to offer my sincere opinion on the topic .
Many thanks and I hope for a wonderful trip regardless of the restaurant voted for .
My first day at ACU came to me as a surprise .
In the very first class , I was asked questions by the teacher .
It was a very different experience to learning in Korea .
It was not only the first class that I had to speak out in class .
Although it was not easy to get used to such teaching style , it did not take long for me to realise what teachers were expecting from us and why they were doing so .
Participation in class by asking and answering to questions demands more active thinking from us .
Nobody would argue the significance and effectiveness of modern technology , having revolutionised all spheres of human lives by providing a great number of remarkable virtues , such as massproduction , information and communication devices as well as medical and scientific breakthroughs .
However , it has also posed some alarming issues , namely environmental destruction , and increasing unemployment and health concerns .
This essay will attempt to analyse both sides of this controversial phenomenon with some applicable supporting ideas .
To begin with , evidently , technological progress has noticeably enhanced individuals'quality of lives , controbuting to the economic growth of numerous nations .
To illustrate , machineries and the use of fertilisers in agriculture have helped to develop massproduction and raise the availability and quantity of various types of food , having made them cheaper and more affordable .
My favourite sport is a Tamil sport known as Kabadi .
I believe many of us do not have a faintest idea about this sport .
At the outset , let me tell you about this sport and how it is played .
It is played in a box drawn on the ground in the size of a volleyball court .
A centre line parts the box and a line is drawn inside each box about 2 feet from the line which ends the box , and this line is called proudly as Ellai kodu(Border Line)in Tamil .
There will be 2 teams and each team consists of 6 players and the players assume the border line as their own border .
This makes the game war - like and very special to Tamils .
Rules of engagement are quite simple .
The first and most important rule is you do not let the opponent player who raids your field(the box)to touch your border(Border Line).The second rule is You do not let the opponent to cross over the ' No men 's land'(The centre line),when the opponent touches the Border of your's .
The opponent must raise a leg when the other one touches the border to tell them " Lo , I am in your territory".If the opponent touches the border , he can retreat to his field , no shame in that , but he do n't get any points .
But before retreating , if he touches anyone among them and leaves their field without getting caught , then The raider gets a point and the person who was touched by the raider is dead(Out ) .
Each team gets opportunity to raid other 's field alternatively , and the first one to raid is decided by the toss of a coin , as usual as in most games .
A number is decided to count the dead ones and which team reaches that number first loses the game to the another .
Rules are pretty simple but the game is quite tough , you'll hurt yourself really bad .
It takes a day to count the scratches on your body after the game .
But that is the reason Tamils enjoy the game and they cherish it .
Why on earth do they love slits , scratches and scars!Are they sick ?
One can wonder , but we can find the reason in their Sangam Literature , written circa 300 BCE .
It says the bravery of men is reckoned by the number of scars on his body except on his back , because they thought to be dead in the field is far better than retreating .
There are accounts to say about a woman who cut her breast because she found her son 's body pierced by a long narrow spear - like weapon in his back rather in the chest .
So I like this game because it reflects the Tamil culture 's important value which is giving high rank to bravery .
I love to play the game with my friends in my village , a very refreshing game , I would say .
no exams or wedding or the first day of school ,
one of my most ecxiting day of my life was the 23rd august 2014 .
it can be very strange but i was very exited , because ,
on this date the BBC released the new series of Doctor who ...
It is a popular English science fiction and it tales about the adventures of the " Doctor " .
the Doctor is an alien from the planet Gallifrey and he travels in all of time and space with his companions that are normally humans . in his experiences he saved whole planets to other bad aliens .
I think Doctor Who is totally different from other science fiction films , it always has done the unthinkable , the impossible , things that no one else has even dreamed of .
Doctor 's travelsmachine is a Policebox ... it is small and blue outside , but it is bigger on the inside .
I like Doctor Who very much . I always dream to travel everywhere in time and space since I was a little child ! ! !
! if,(one day)I will have the possibilty to do it I will go to distant galaxies and I will see how the universe began .
in my opinion this serie was wonderful and , i hope for the next one !
Hi chi Tình ,
Please be informed that all purchase requests which have been placed since early 2015 have not been approved to process by the Managers .
The 2014 expenditure for collections is taking out the library budget in 2015 .
Besides , the library budget in 2015 is reduced .
For the rest of 2015 , the library will not be purchasing any collection from its budget .
Any urgent book requests are to be raised directly with your Head of Center .
We recommend you to consider the electronic content available through these library subject guides
If you have any concern related to the library budget and the approval of purchase requests , please contact Ms. Clare O'Riley , Senior Library Manager .
My apology for any frustration you may have .
Thank you very much for your understanding .
Regards ,
Chau
Emily knew she would have to come to a decision soon .
The Headmaster had asked his school 's teachers to begin a class in English and she was one of them .
The big question was if she would have been able to engage herself in this new activity .
She was trying to improve her English skills since September by taking an English course , but she had felt herself still unready to keep a whole math topic using this language with the Clil method , because she was placed to the B2 level in reading and listening while in speaking and writing the level she had joined doing a specific test was only the B1 .
After thinking a lot about the positives and negatives aspects of this question , refers also to the quality of hers teaching methods and the time she had to spend preparing the math topics in English , Emily decided to accept the challenge and to engage herself in this new adventure .
When I think about The Home of the Future , I can see a lot of new things that could simplify my daily life .
I think that people will live more ecologically .
In The Home of the Future everybody will segregate waste and take care of environment .
People will have the device that extinguish the light when we leave the room .
We will have furniture that do not stain .
We also discover flowers that irrigate themselves and machine that walk a dog or wash them when we do not have enough time to do this .
We will all have vacuum cleaners that will dust everything without our knowledge .
Kitchen will be different too .
We will have equipment that will prepare meals for us with only one pressing a button .
Then we wo n't dream about great , Italian spaghetti because our stove will do it better than every Italian cook .
That is the kind of house that I want to resident in twenty years .
The answer on this question depends on the fact in which place you live .
If the place of your happy living is relatively large city , you will say indeed : " We obviously need public transport ! Everyone knows what happens on the streets in rush time ?
You can get stuck in traffic jam for hours ! " .
It seems that if people did not move yourself only in their beautiful cars and take a bus or metro , the air would be clearer , the city would become less noisily etc .
On the other hand , if you live in a small town or village , your answer is : " Of course , I prefer my own car or bicycle to public transport , if I do n't go far away .
I have more ideas where to travel by car , as public transport 's routes are "
On your attitude to public transportation highly affects the quality of public transport itself .
I mean a timetable punktuality , time interval to tne next bus and so on .
At last , how big the crowd are in the bus or subway car in rush time , how convenient for yourself to be there , rather than sitting in your own air - conditioned and perfect looking car .
That is all I would like to say at this point .
" Resolution number one : Obviously will lose twenty pounds . Number two : Always put last night 's panties in the laundry basket .
Equally important , will find sensible boyfriend to go out with and not continue to form romantic attachments to any of the following : alcoholics , workaholics , commitment phobic 's , peeping toms , megalomaniacs , emotional fuckwits or perverts .
And especially will not fantasize about a particular person who embodies all these things "
- Helen Fielding , Bridget Jones 's Diary
I was always fascinated by this American tradition to make a resolution list .
It was something new to me and that 's why attracted me so much .
The idea of writing a blog triggeredmy mind as well .
The first step to it was my diary after visiting Sochi with my friend in 2000 .
I had a copybook where I wrote some interesting facts about that remarkable trip for me .
Since then I have been dreaming about collecting my impressions and memories .
As my sister constantly says You 're lucky because you have a memory of a goldfish You remember absolutely nothing .
It took me much to admit this again fact .
In contrast to my sister ( she has an extraordinary memory ) I forget everything easily and keep looking for new emotions and adventures .
A year ago an idea of beginning a blog encountered me as advice from an English teacher .
He recommended me to write in order to apply my English knowledge .
Well … .
Maybe it 's really time to make a resolution and do begin writing it .
I 'm going to kill two birds with one stone - my blog will help me to collect my memories and master my English The third bird will be my hatred to writing .
I hate writing since school .
It was a family tragedy when I got a task to write a composition for my literature class .
Such tasks made my family busy for an evening and anyway I always had a poor mark .
So my dear blog ( I heard it 's the way I have to interact with it ) You will be about nothing .
good
She : I decided my blog will be about nothing .
Just a blog ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
He : lol I think I will win :P you wo n't be able to write about nothing for very long :)
She : sure .
I have so much nothing in my head to write about
Let 's get started !
To ,
Manager
Date : November 6 , 2015
Dear Sir / Madam ,
With humbly and respectfully , I would like to inform you and your organization that I am the appropriate candidate to you .
I have recently finished my undergraduate program .
Which is in sport management and also have experience of kitchen work .
I have complete 6 months vocational cookery course .
I do part - time job at school hostel as a teacher .
I am 24 years old young male , love to do challenging task .
I am the best candidate for your job to execute high result of excellence .
If there are any possible options then please give it to me .
It will be my great pleasure to bond with you and your organization .
If you could give me a chance to working with you and your organization , it will be a great pleasure for me .
looking forward to hear from you .
Sincerely ,
Pradip Anand Khatri
The future .
No one can tell how it will be like .
The cosmic era , communications , easy access to the Internet - all of these things will become common in the distant future .
According to these changes people will change , their way of life will as well .
For example , the spread of IT technologies will change economics and the financial system .
People will start purchasing all the items from the Internet .
New methods of transportation may speed up the delivery to the purchaser home and , as a result , it will improve the quality of service .
The new communication networks will transform the whole world into the big village where everyone will be able to make contact any person .
The development of the space technologies and companies connected to construction of the spacecraft may give a start to space tourism .
The Earth orbit , the Moon , maybe Mars - all will be much closer to mankind and there will be another great leap for it .
I hope I will see such future .
I hope it will be real for me to see how humans will land on Mars , how this will become popular .
I believe that the public transport does n't have future because travelling by car is so much more convenient and comfortable .
When you travel in your own car you do n't have to wait a specific time and you can go somewhere but when you travel in public transport you must wait to the time when the public transport could catch you .
I think that is the main problem , but you can also change where you are going to .
In public transport you must go to the points in the route .
The seats are more comfortable in a car than in a bus or underground .
That 's why I prefer Travelling by car instead of public transport .
My dear John ,
I am very glad to read this good news , it is the first step for the final result and I will try to do my best to give you useful information for your interview .
But before that , it is important that you have a general idea about my company ; its business and goals .
It opened more than twenty years ago and still now is the leader of chimical sector .
Remember this is fundamental for each interview .
The day of the event dress not to formal but also not to informal .
Try to be spontaneus and not too much sliced .
Also , it is nice to see polite and smile person .
Do not talk too much is a sympton of anxiety .
The first part of the interview is mainly about your private life and study .
Maybe you can receive some general information about your last job .
Do n't worry about people who will interviews you .
I worked in that staff more than ten years ago ( new employees recruiments ) and I can guarantee that for the first interview it is important only to receive a good impression .
If you 'll do it ( and I 'm sure you will give it ) you 'll receive another appointment .
I hope to have said everything .
When you come here send me a text .
It will a great pleasure to have a coffee together .
Good luck for the future .
Recently I have seen " Prisoners " , a great thriller .
This film is about a kidnapping of two little girls .
Everyone in the village try to find the children .
The main character is the father of one of the children .
The man is really frightened and this situation gets him more and more desperate and he can not control his reactions .
I enjoyed this film a lot because it attracts your attention all the time .
In my opinion it is so really exciting because you are constantly thinking where the girls are or who can be the kidnaper .
I would recommend " Prisoners " to the student film club because it has the features that you want .
I believe that if you are looking for an interesting thriller , this thriller is the correct one .
However , there is a problem and it is that the film shows much violence and it should not be seen by children , only by teenagers or older people .
At any case , in my opinion it is a great film which many people would enjoy if they see it .
We have always been trying to find our origins .
We want to know and understand what is happening nowadays and , for this reason , it is important to know what happened before .
As the way I see it , to find the origin of languages can be similar to know our own family tree .
Because that can give us a lot of new information about us that we did n't know .
On the one hand it can be funny to imagine and create the story of how everything happened formerly .
But on the other hand , we can have too much imagination and to be disappointed with the truth .
That always depends on what we were expecting for .
In my opinion , there are so many things we have to discover yet , and much more we left back as we progress .
Consequently , it will be a constantly research on the field of our origins .
My favourite sport is not a sport as you may think of it .
Most people who do sport want to be fit and stay healthy .
Sport is connected with moving a lot in any case .
My favourite sport is different .
Well , it keeps my fit , but not my body in the first case , it 's good for my brain .
I play Skat .
Skat is an old German card game .
You play it with 32 cards and you need 3 or 4 people who are able to play it .
I enjoy playing it so much because it 's really challenging .
Every game is different .
There are so many opportunities which card to lay and which colour is trump .
Secondly , the people you play with are very different too .
I know a builder who plays very well and a professor who - mh - so to speak - still needs some more practice .
I also teach childring at the age of 10 or 11 how to play it .
My husband and me play in two clubs .
If you are very good , you can take part in competitions .
There are German championships every year and there is a league , too , where teams of 4 play against each other .
and of course , people play Skat in pubs and win some chops of meat .
I hope you can imagine how much I like my hobby .
I really ca n't understand why chess is considered to be sport and Skat is n't .
It helps me to stay fit and makes me forget all the worries and stress of my work days .
When it comes to helping communities , people hold different attitudes toward whether young people nowadays do not give enough time to helping their communities or not .
Some people think young people spend enough time to help their communities ; however , others disagree with the idea .
Although young people are required to help their communities every week , actually it is still not enough .
It is true that young people are required to help their communities by their schools or companies .
It is also true that these kinds of requirements really work , and many communities are benefited .
Actually , there are many communities still do not receive enough help , or many social issues and events would not be discussed again and again .
Many reasons result in this phenomenon .
The world becomes more and more competitive , young people have to spend much time to cultivate themselves to survive in this society .
Young people are not only have to spend much time to make them be professional in one specific subject , they also have to know a wide range of knowledge .
For example , to be outstanding to enter to the best university , student have to perform well on their curriculum , such as literature and science , they also have to be good at music or doing exercise .
Therefore , they do not have much time to help their communities .
The salaries are not good nowadays .
To survive in the era of inflation of price , young people have to get more than one jobs .
They have to do full time job at day time , and have a part time job at night .
Needless to say , if young people have to take care of their parents or children , they have to make more money .
Still , young people do not have much spare time .
To sum up , the world nowadays makes young people to survive by themselves , and they do spend much time to help others .
The Shakespeare 's path to Russia was rather thorny .
This is not surprising .
While William Shakespeare wrote his plays and made the Thespian art to flourish in England , in Russia was very dim and sinister period of Ivan IV the Terrible 's reign .
So , in Russian print the name of Shakespeare is mentioned first in 1748 .
First translations appear in the end of 18th century , but this is not Shakespeare actually because they are made from German or French and the translators change plots as they want ( and turn them into some tearjerkers as a rule ) .
For example , in one of the " Hamlet " translations the main subject of the play turns out to be the relationship between Hamlet and Ophelia and Ophelia in a meantime appears to be a daughter of Claudius ( obviously to make Hamlet torture 's completely unbearable ) .
It is close to unbelievable , but at first critics and educated people find Shakespeare rude , unpoetic and unpatriotic ( shame on you , blind and narrow - minded people !
Once more into the breach ! ) .
But everything changes quite rapidly then .
The first accurate translation of Hamlet from the original is published in 1828 .
By 1855 only six plays has left non - translated .
It comes to fashion and becomes honorable to translate Shakespeare .
Russian society gradually begins appreciating Shakespeare 's skill in portraying greatness , depth , and complexity of a human being .
" The sun of Russian poetry " , Alexander Pushkin takes his English lessons for the sake of being able to read Shakespeare .
And his drama Boris Godunov is certainly inspired by Macbeth .
In the poetical drama Masquerade by other famous Russian poet Mikhail Lermontov we clearly read Othello 's features .
And these are like nodes on the tree of Shakespeare 's genius .
Since that time Shakespeare has been one of our favorite artists .
We love his simplicity and veracity , we adore his multiplicity and fantasy , we appreciate his straightness and audacity , we prize his delicacy and his funny bone of course !
The surprise of the weekend
First , I want to explain to you what happened to me on Saturday morning . I had to meet up with my friend Matus at 14 am when he told me that he could n't come over that if we could meet up later how you can understand he made me so angry because I ca n't put up this kind of person who who is in late always .
On Saturday morning I had to working and I had to do all the things as fast as was possible to be in the city centre at the exact time .
The worst part of story was when he told me that he was going to have a lunch with his friends .
I got cold feet I could n't understand what was happening .
I was supposed to we were going to have a lunch together but he was going to come later .
Despite all I tried to calm myself down and I went to the library until laura came to town .
During the afternoon I tried to keep my smile all the time because I did n't fancy going explain what was wrong with me .
Finally yesterday at night , I was studying in my room when the doorbell rang I went to opened the door and outside was , my friend Matus .
This fact took me by surprise .
He wanted to explain to me what was the problem .
At the beginning I did n't want to talk with him but on second thought all people deserve a second chance .
All in all , He apologized and at the end everything is solved
We go on being friends .
Hello , my name is Sebastian and I will talk about Azul Historico , which is a restaurant in Mexico City .
The restaurant location is in the street Isabela Católica number 30 , suburb Centro Historico in Mexico City .
Azul Historico is a different restaurant and is located in a patio of an old building in the zocalo , the type of architecture of the place is colonial and between the tables are some trees , and this trees covers the diners when they are eating .
When you are eating you can look some birds who are in the trees , so it make unusual and different this restaurant than others .
The service are good , the waiters serve excellent , the food is delicious , but some periods of the year the place is full of people and you need a reserve or wait a long time for a table .
The cost of the restaurant dishes is expensive and the cost is around 150 - 300 pesos .
It is so difficult to choose three best dishes of the place but these three are some of the best typical food of Mexico : the " Cochinita Pibil " , " Chichilo Negro " and " Carne Enchipoclada " .
" Carne Enchipoclada " you need to choose the meat ( pork tenderloin , beef steak or deer meat ) and it is accompanied by a sauce of chile chipotle with potatoes cambray . "
Chichilo Negro " is a dish and you need to choose some of the three type of meat that I said , but this are accompanied by a combination of 7 different types of moles originating of oaxaca and the last dish is the typical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
If you want a different and unique restaurant you need to go Azul Historico , because it has a delicious food , some times have a regional music and the service are excellent .
If we consider the potentiality of this means of communication , the television would be one of the most important invention of this last century .
On the other hand , despite the numerous documentaries , news and cultural programs which are passed on every day , another fact that must be considered is the incredible amount of the so - called rubbish TV , which has been impacting badly on the younger generation , and the extreme violence of some movies transmitted even during times that should be considered as a protected band for children .
Furthermore I should probably mention the enormous amount of advertisements that every single day people are forced to watch once they have switched on this box .
In my opinion , the real problem of this potentially useful tool is due to the fact that television is essentially a passive means of communication .
As a matter of fact televiewers are not able to decide the palimpsest , but they still can decide to switch the television off .
Over the past years , humans have renewed and improved scientific progress and this causes a big change in the life of every day .
First , technology has radically changed the daily life of a simple family : computer seems to be necessary and in every house there is more TV than one .
Conversely , with the latest medical discoveries , doctors are able to treat many of the world 's diseases .
Finally , with the exploitation of new renewable energy , humans have an infinite source of energy .
Well , there are a lot of different opinions but I 'm not agree that the effects of scientific progress may be dangerous for the individual .
Dear J.T.Reevs
I am writing to apply for the position of floor manager in your large department store .
As you can see in my Cv that I enclose in the letter , I have studied International trade degree and a degree in Economics and Marketing with high qualifications in the London Economics School during four years .
I did a Master in Business Management in the prestigious University of Harvard .
Also I have a degree in IT for the Google University , I did that course online .
I have been working in Harrod 's during five years as a shopper assistant and now I am working in the Apple Store of Covent Garden as floor manager , I am in charge of 15 employees .
I am searching the chance to working your company because I know that your store is the leader in large department stores in the UK and your company won last year the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " and I want to share my knowlegdge and my work experience to improve your profit every year .
I look forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Yours sincerely .
Iñigo .
Nowadays there are a lot of different forms of conditioning that deeply influence people so that they feel the need to buy specific brands of items , object , cars and so on .
For example , every day we are invaded by facts form news on TV but it very often happens that some information are left in the background whereas less important information are spread in their place .
Similarly , on TV , during the shows , between a programme and the other we are bombed by the same ads all the time .
For this reason , I think that every day we are continuously surrounded by with information , news , advertising so that we do n't have enough time to think what is really important and what we really need in our life and we can all be influenced very easily .
To whom may it concern ,
I am writing to you regarding your advertisement for a job in the USA , called USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I would like to apply for this position due to my experience in this field .
I am a 25 years old girl and I have been working in summer camps in my country during the summer times .
My main tasks were : taking care of children aged 10 - 15 , organising events such as parties , swimming competitions , outside sports matches etc . , and overall I was in charge of preparing and cooking meals for more than 50 people .
Currently I am very interested in working in the States in order to improve my English level .
In march of 2014 I got my First Certificated English Level and I would be delighted to up my level and get the Advance Level and this chance to join your company would be a great opportunity to improve my English .
For all these reasons I am the most suitable candidate for this post and my experience is proof of it .
Please , do n't hesitate to contact me if you enquire any further information .
Yours sincerely .
Gloria Caraballo
The film I would like to review is an old film I 've always enjoyed : Young Frankenstein directed by Mel Brooks in 1974 .
This comedy , entirely shot in black and white , is a parody of the classical horror films , in particular it 's a parody of those films based on the Mary Shelley 's better - known book , and presents a lot of elements that gives this film a really hilarious mark .
The performance of Gene Wilder , as the main character Dr Frankenstein , Marty Feldman , as the hunchbacked assistant Igor ( pronounced eye - gore ) , and the other members of the cast is amazing and has made Young Frankenstein one of the top comedy of all time .
Dear Sirs / Madams
I am writing because I would like to achieve the First Certificate in English ( FCE ) .
I tried three times to pass this exam but I failed .
Do you run a course which prepared for this difficult exam for me ?
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
There are many different types of music in the world today .
Why do we need music ?
Is the traditional music of a country more important than the International music that is heard everywhere nowadays ?
Music is a special world .
It has it 's own rules , tools and the people who are specialized in it .
Over decades music is the eternally art which develop day by day .
We need music in most of our times or even every single day , to enrich our days with happiness and joy , and also to melt away sorrows or depression , that can affect us and prevent ourselves from doing the best .
Music is a science ! yes it is .
Which has many branches and types , those are traditional : owned by any part of the world , and the other international types that all people over the world are share it .
The traditional or local music of a certain area has it 's thumb print on the person of that part .
And the instruments used in that local music may vary from sort to another .
Because the people tend to make it from their own basic culture .
For example , In Northern Sudan people have been used " Tambor " as a traditional spiritual tool for their songs .
Internationally , the kinds of music are many , however , most of them share the same instruments .
In particular the Piano is a universal tool that is used by many musicians as a primary controller of the rhythm of the Orchestra .
Last and not the least , music is a sort of treatment to those who are suffering , so regardless of it 's type or nationality it 's a kind of medicine to the soul .
And I enjoy it very much .
The prohibition and destruction of books has occurred in historical periods as the inquisition , the knowledge was manipulated by the powerful social statements such as the Catholic Church and monarchies since the knowledge through books had become a threat to continue underpinning their power within the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social statements chose what books did not violate their thought in order to transcribe them .
Although , some ideas were maintained ; ( for instance , the astronomy by Galileo Galilei ) the book - burning caused a delay in the knowledge because if books were burned , the knowledge could not circulate .
Nevertheless , a knowledge revolution was created with the invention of the printing mobile types by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) due to it element gave access to the knowledge recovering significant books from Plato , Aristotle and so on , authors against political , religious and social issues that spread their ideas to more people becoming aware of the power of the written word , creating social revolutions such as the French and American ones .
In addition , it was produced the collective readings through the ecclesiastical method with the purpose of disseminating the knowledge embodied in the books to all social classes .
On the other hand , at present , people identify another knowledge revolution , the internet in which the access to the knowledge is easier and faster leaving aside books .
From the above , as far as I am concerned , when Franklin Rosemont argues that " books can not be killed by fire .
People die , but books never die " it depends on the historical time and the technical revolution of this time taking into account that that knowledge uprising is always accompanied by a technical revolution which supports the entrance of the information ; for instance , in the inquisition , the knowledge was limited because it was embodied in books .
Although there was an oral tradition , the knowledge was accommodated to the political and religious thought of the speaker ; so , the most efficient and objective way to transmit the knowledge was by books and it was not possible because of the burning .
Nonetheless , with the invention of the printing type mobile , the knowledge was different for the access to it .
If one book was burned , there were ten books more without restriction .
In contrast , nowadays , the books are not necessary at all ; because of the internet network facilitate even more the knowledge .
That is why ; I could accommodate the phrase by Franklin saying that " the knowledge can not be killed by people because the knowledge is infinite . "
On actual days what we most need is to find ways to prevent childhood obesity because nowadays is a very common sickness that attack more and more children everyday causing them feel bad about themselves .
According to the CDC the percentage of children age 6 to 11 years old has increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 years on the Unitated States .
This means that in the past tree decades obesity has more than doubled in children , same that had diseases just like diabetes , ashtma , cardiovascular risk factors , mental health disorders and muskuloskeletal problems .
This disease is not just about all the physical and health consequences that have , but also the mental ones .
A lot of kids grow with a different way to think just because the damage that the little ones can cause , one example can be the famous " bullying " , the principal way that kids use to annoy the ones that looks different .
The best way we can prevent childhood obesity is recommending all the families some different doctor that can help them to give a safe life to their children .
Nutritionist are specialists that know a lot about all the types of sickness that can attack on the kids and even the ones that will murder them .
Giving them the opportunity to take care about your situation will change all your life in a good way .
They might be there for you , preparing menus and a big extension of exercises that will help you and change your health and body only if you cooperate .
Nowadays a part of the people buy a lot of things that they do n't need .
In this essay we are talking about above all with rich people .
So money , today , are really important in our life and in this case rich people are very lucky .
They have much money to buy things that they need , and things that they do n't need .
So it seems that these people can live happily and peacefully , without problems , but this is not true .
In fact above all about rich families the children are in trouble with their family , above all when they have their parents separated .
Also most of the children grow up spoiled because of the large amount of money of their family , and they grow up with the thing that they want more and more things .
But in the other side there are poor people that aspire to become rich .
And these people do n't have money for things that they do n't need and also for things that they need .
So in this case the money are more important than other things .
So in my opinion today we ca n't live without money , but we have to consider more to feel good with your family and with yourself .
Dear director :
I would like to work for you in the USA summer camp .
I have little cousins and sisters so I 'm very good with kids , I 've experienced all kinds of situtions so I think they wo n't be a problema for me .
About the cooking , I attend an all - girls school and I have cooking lessons once a week .
I also like to bake cookies and sometimes , my mom asks me to take care of dinner .
As I said before , I have young cousins and we meet on saturdays so I need to think of activities and games to keep them entretained .
I 'm also very good at sports , I practice trak & field and pingo pong so sports are n't a problem either .
I 'm an outdoors person so I will be very happy with the accomodation . I would be very thankful to work for you if you decide to accept my application .
I hope you have a great day ,
Margot
Dear Mrs Sykes ,
I have seen your advertisement on the internet and I would like to apply for the post as activity coordinator .
I am 16 years of age and due to having a sister I really like working with children and also know their interest well . I have enjoyed and practised swimming since I was eight years old and I have also won some competition , therefore I believe that I am suitable for the job .
Furthermore I go jogging every Sunday morning with some friends .
My reason for applying for this position is that I am good on combining my experience in swimming with my wide knowledge of the countryside which I think it will be interesting for the children .
Yours Sincerely
Federica Chiu
I think that 50 years ago people could n't even imagine what the life would be like in our time .
Today , human civilisation is changing at a higher speed than any time in the past .
If this will also be the case for out future , then I think that today we underestimate our future .
I am sure only about one thing : technologies will have a more important place in our lives .
Maybe in 50 years people wo n't work as we do now , instead will build only robots .
Maybe in 50 years we will find out how our brain works and we will be able to create an artificial intelligence system that would solve all our problems .
I would like to think that in the future we will explore more the universe and we will colonise other planets .
Maybe by doing this we would be able to find other civilisations and exchange technologies with them .
I 'd like to think that we will find a method to travel through the universe at the higher speeds than the speed of light .
I do n't think that people will live forever in 50 years , but I hope that the life of our children will be better than ours .
Hopefully , I have chances to be alive in 50 years , so maybe I will see the future with my own eyes .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
That morning his grandmother went to the hospital because she had to do a surgery and she told him to buy some magazines for her , because at the hospital she 's bored and she could n't get off the bed for a few days .
His mother was working and his dad was out of town and that 's why she asked him to make her that favour and he could n't say no .
So Peter went home to take his wallet but before that he decide to take a nap because he was tired so he started to sleep but it ended up that he slept for over 3 hours and his mother started calling him at the telephone and she was really angry because he forgot to buy the magazines for his grandmother .
So he woke up and looked at his watch and knew that he had to buy them immediately or his mother would be even more angry than before .
He took his wallet and then he ran to buy the magazines and after that he went to the hospital to give them to his granny .
Unfortunately the hospital was already closed to the visitors so he had to wait the next morning .
A FANTASTIC FUTURE
Will transport be different in the future ?
Certainly it will be .
But how ?
If we think about the future , some sketches of famous movies could come to our mind .
For example , we could think about some odd cars that can fly or become invisible .
But I do n't think that in ten or twenty years the scientific progress will be able to produce this type of transport , so we should imagine something simpler .
Actually , in my opinion , in the future there will be faster transport .
In addition , means of transport will be able to produce less pollution .
Even if nowadays people do n't use public transport , in the future they will .
And how will our way of travelling change ?
In the future everyone will be able to go on holiday all around the world since the transport will be faster and cheaper .
To sum up , I think that means of transport in the future will make our life easier , both when we have to go to work or to school and when we want to travel .
Transport will also respect the environment and nature .
Do n't you think that this future is fantastic ?
since decades man preferred to use another way of transporting than his own foot .
In my opinion , that was the main reason for wheel invention .
Scientists could provide in the past years new transportation tools from cycles , automobiles up to motorcycles , motorcars , trains , metros that has been used to arrange and accomplish complete public transportation net through the same country , and sometimes exceeded it to another country boarder upon an agreement between those countries .
Many people assured that they are preferring using their own cars , but they were being forced to use the Public transport for many reasons such as , the complexities they are facing with the driver 's license , in addition to the fuel high cost .
They were more likely forced than having choosing it as an option .
Let 's do n't forget the hard times during cold weather changes especially in winter while reaching the bus stations , or their low chances of having a good place to sit , may be another important reason that raise the private transport scores than the public one , which is molestation .
The end
Dear Paul ,
I am writing to tell you about the concert .
Last month , I enjoyed helping at the Rainbow concert .
The aim of this concert was to show that all children are the same .
I was invited to help at a concert by my English teacher .
I did a lot to make this concert better .
My teacher asked me to find some songs about rainbows and extracts from the books about children .
Moreover , I went to Vilnius primary school and invites schoolchildren to come to a concert .
I had to make one hundred invitation cards .
The cards included the programmee of the concert and some photos of children from all the world .
I was really excited about it .
It is a very good and useful experience .
I gained a lot of experience while organizing an event .
Also , I learned that you have to be very enthusiastic and self - confident because finding the sponsors for a concert is quite a difficult task I liked that teacher trusted me .
I did everything by myself because everyone had sometihng to do on their own .
I hope that I will use this experience in my future .
See you soon ,
Rasa
I live in Kiev for two years .
I went many times to different places that I had n't known yet .
And now I can easily speak about many shopping facilities in my city .
So , let 's begin .
To start with , you must decide , what kind of shopping do you prefer and how much money you have .
If you want to go to the cheap shopping , you have to go to the Teremky .
You can find many shops there with second - hand clothes you taste .
There are many good things from Asia , America and Europe , of course .
If you have enough money for Kiev luxury shopping called ' gold shoppping ' , you 'd rather go on Khreshatik street .
You can also find many shops with brand , expensive clothes from well - known world designers .
I like to go shopping there with my best friends at the weekend .
I often buy second - hand old - fashioned jeans , skirts , trousers , jackets and shoes .
I think it is very good for students , if you want to save your money .
In conclusion I have to say , that in Kiev you can find everything , if you really want to .
So , good luck .
Art / Music is less important than science / technology .
In my opinion , technology become more and more important than art which be a necessary part in our life .
Most of people in this world ca n't live without technology .
As soon as we open our eyes every day , we begin to use technology such as alarm , cell phone and light .
The more technology we use the more important it is .
Technology makes us easy to connect our family , friends and co - workers .
We can talk to our family and friends immediately , which is not limited by space .
I can call my dad who live in New York now then call my friend living in Norway after first call .
Therefore , if I studied abroad fifty years ago , I could n't call my family directly and it is also not an easy job .
However , technology made it easier ten years ago and it became more common in recent years .
It ca n't believe that we keep in touch with our family and friends not only voice and message but also video call , now .
Technology is one of important part in our life , which has made life more convenient .
Before computer was born in this world , we used paper to list something which we should afford it could disappear or be ruined by something .
Therefore , we use calculator to count numbers in a few second .
In the old age we calculated number by our brain that might lead to some mistakes .
Our life has transformed into an easy way by technology .
Besides , the grandest invention is Internet .
I sit in front of my computer and I acquire news around the world .
If I am hungry , I could order some delicious foods online .
As a person said ' ' Sitting near a computer , you will get the world . ''
It is easier to contract entertainment which could release our stress immediately .
In modern world , stress always disturb our life .
Pressure exist everywhere ; for instance , your boss was angry and shouted on you or you should carefully deal with the relationship between you and your father - in - law .
When you ca n't breathe in your life you need some entertainment ; for example , you can listened music with your cellphone or watched some funny videos after all things that bothered you .
It lower our blood pressure and release our stress .
Technology enable us to touch entertainment immediately .
Technology has changed our life in many ways which brings many advantages for us such as convenience , easy to connect friends and easier to contract entertainment .
In conclusion , in these three premises I consider that technology and science is important rather than art and music .
Science practical improve our life .
Have you read any sport magazine before ?
There are a lot of magazines in many fields of sports .
In magazine , they are telling us we can see a lot of games no matter where we are .
Developed technology , we can see the game which happened in the opposite of the earth .
Time and place are n't matter for people to watch the game .
Everybody has a favorite sport .
Soccer is the one of the famous sport for many people .
World cup has been the world famous festival .
People can enjoy just seeing the soccer game and they are eager to root for their favorite team .
Why the soccer has been one of the best sport in the world ?
Here are 2 reasons .
First of all , soccer is more active than other sports .
Activation makes people exciting and remember their memory .
This activation make us also enjoy seeing and play the game .
For example , American football always has a moment to set the position .
To me , it is boring point when I see the American football .
I can give you another example .
Watching the baseball game also bores me .
Sometimes , game just finished with pitcher and catcher 's catch ball game .
Other athletes just stand there and watch the game just like us .
However , in soccer , every single player touch the ball , even the goalkeeper has a chance to get the ball .
On this point , there is second reason I can say .
Second reason is that soccer involved for all players to participate into the game .
For baseball , if hitter could n't hit the ball , other players would not need to move at all .
To me , that is weird .
Players are on the same ground and some of people are playing the game and some are not .
Playing almost 3 hours , some players could n't touch the ball .
Can we say these players participating in the game ?
I would not rather say yes .
If somebody wanted to play a soccer , I would recommend that he or she has to have a stretching because soccer is very active sport so always has a possibility to be injured .
Also , I will say you should wear the soccer shoes and socks .
Those items will help you not to be injured .
Drinking enough water would be good habit to enjoy not only soccer but also any other sport .
Nowadays , many people have their own favorite sports but people are starting to ignore other sports except their favorite sport .
We need to respect other sports and other people 's perspectives .
Soccer could be one of the boring sport to other people .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her , because it was her 18th birthday .
She knew that her parents were doing a surprise for her , but it was kept in a big secret until night party .
When she came back from school , her parents and all her classmates were hiding in a living room and waiting for her .
When she opened the door , the boys set off the fireworks .
Anna did n't understood what had just happened .
She looked around the living room , and surprised , how many was people there .
Then she thanked her parents , and started to enjoy the party .
Her parents had organised many contests , musical and karaoke .
There were many sweets , cocktails , fruits .
Anna was happy !
Then she and her friends went out , and walked through all the town until early morning .
Anna was very happy and excited and thanked her parents heartily for this birthday party .
She slept all the day after this big celebration .
Her parents looked at her , and they were happy after her .
Their girl has grown up !
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very pleased with your letter . I 'm going to try to give you some advice .
In the Czech republic there are many places you should visit .
The Czech republic is wealth for a history .
For example , ours capital city Prague there are many historical buildings like Carl 's bridge , Cathedral of St. Vit , big clock called Orloj and so many others .
In Prague is many good shops with clothes , souvenirs and many good things to buy .
If you prefer to go to nature I can recommend you ours mountains Krkonoše , Jeseníky or Šumava .
There is very beautiful nature , calm and fresh air .
You can go there only for a walk or for some sports like running or cycling .
If you go to south Morava , you should definitely try some vines or drink called Slivovice .
Here is also many nice castles .
For example , near Prague is castle called Karlštejn where lived Karel IV . or castle called Buchlovice which is on south - east of your country near the city Uherské Hradiště .
These are very nice castles .
Otherwise , the opportunities for a job here is quite a lot .
It depends what job you would like to do .
I do n't know what to write more .
If you would like to ask something or get to know more information about some place just let me know .
Best regards ,
Pavel
Dear Mr Smith .
I am Melina and I am interested in your job vacancy .
To begin , I would like to say that I love children .
In my opinion , we should build a perfect world for them to grow up in a safe and environmentally friendly place .
I have experience taking care of children .
I am the eldest of my family so I had to take care of my sisters and cousins .
I enrolled on different courses about children development and currently I am working as an au pair where I have to speak English .
I participated in sports clubs of my High School .
Although I am very keen on rugby and basketball , during the University I took part in the badminton club .
And I just learnt how to play ice hockey .
As I have said before , I have to watch out two kids , which includes cook .
Despite cook is my weakness , I always try my best .
I cook every day different and healthy dishes for the whole family and they love it .
Will I have to cook my own recipes ?
English will not be a problem because I know how to communicate with young people .
Awaiting your news .
Melina .
my favourite sports are gymnastics and martial arts .
i 've been practicing martial arts for eleven years but i havent lost the passion I feel about it .
the first martial art that I proved was tae kwon doo and I practice for 5 years , after that i started kung fu and i m still there .
i have been practicing gymnastics during 4 months and fascinated with it , i like to be tired for doing stunts , and I also feel very healthy because I exercise daily , if its not gymnastics it 's kung fu .
I like those sports because you need much strength and dedication to be getting better , I like kung fu weapons and handsfree forms , to do something spectacular in kung fu you have to do acrobatic gymnastics .
I invited my friends to try these sports and apparently they liked , many did not because they did not know well what it was but after living it for yourself you realize that are very beautiful sports .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I tried to renew my membership twice yesterday and there was a message of error both times .
So I gave up to try it again today .
I received a call from my credit card administration this morning to confirm and authorize that payment , telling me that there were two attempts of charging my credit card bill .
After authorizing my credit card administration , I tried to renew it , but again there was the same message of error .
So , I did n't try it again , because I think that there must have been a problem not related to my credit card account .
I am waiting for some instruction about what I have to do now to renew my membership .
Best regards ,
Amauri Tijerina Luna
Owing a pet is popular today even if their home is in a big city .
Many people oday have pets of all kinds .
Owing a pet would benefit all members of family .
First of all , a pet is a friend for the family and mush better is a memeber of the family .
One more advantage of qning a pet is that it helps children learn to be responsible and carring .
It is also good to adopt an animal which it do n't have a home and food and give in this love and affection .
On the other hand there are a lot of disadvantages of owing a pet in big citiew .
Pets and animals in general need fresh air and exercize outside and not being always in an apartment .
I have heard abou pets that they get sick by living in a small apartment in down town and that is terrible .
In my opinion it might seems good to have a pet if we are teke care of it .
All in all , qing a pet in a big city must be done carefully ensuring all that a pet needs .
Television can be able to both entertain and educate at the same time .
Good authors I think have to be able to find the way to keep together these to important aspects .
The first thing that I would suggest TV authors is focusing a set of strategic topics for an advanced society .
Environmental protection for instance , or more practically the correct use of the water in our houses .
Another example can be represented by the first aid activities and so on .
The topics can be easily focused if we have in mind a model of society where individuals have a central role .
Several contents could have an educative value , for example those concerning our relationships with others , or our relationship with nature and with different cultures and religions .
All these topics by using creativity and new technologies can be faced in a way to make them soft and adapt to entertain .
Today , I would like to tell you a shocking news .
It is called " 76 people are confirmed dead in Colombian plane crash " .
I think some of you have already known this news .
Here are some basic informations about the news .
A charter plane carrying 72 passengers , including players from Brazilian soccer team Chapecoense , crashed near Rionegro , Colombia , according to the country 's civil aviation department .
Nine crew members were also on board .
The civil aviation agency had initially announced that six passengers , three players , two crew members , and one journalist , survived the crash .
I think it is a catastrophe to victims and their families .
Recently , more and more airplane accidents occur .
Although I have never taking airplane , I would feel worry if I travel by plane .
To avoid accidents , government and airline companies have to do something to prevent tragedy .
For example , regularly examine the situation of airplanes is needed , at the same time , teaching people how to act when facing the emergency .
Thank you for your attention .
Grammar is the most difficult part in learning English .
There are few ways that help us master it .
First of all , you need to preview .If you do this and you 'll have a clear idea about what are you going to learn in class .
It'll make you learn faster .
Next , when you are in a class , focus on what the teacher says , she / he will teach you and give you a clearer understanding about grammar .
And they will also remind you some key points you do n't understand when you preview it .
In the class , you should take notes and write down what is Iimportant .If you have any question then you should ask teachers to help .
They'll be glad to help .
At last , when you learn some grammar concepts are new to you , you need to practice .It'll help you remember it and how to use it .
If you do all the things above , I promise your grammar will improve and you 'll master it eventually .
I visit Spaniards Arm quite often .
Usually I am there with my friends or colleagues for a dinner or a lunch .
Next to Hamstead Heath , this historic Inn is full of character .
The menu is more than one would expect from a pub or even a gastro - pub .
I like the variety of the main course selection and drinks .
I opted for a steak there once .
Surprisingly , they serve it with a half cut bone which is quite fun by itself , even before you taste the dish . Mashed potato is creamy and full of butter .
Meat is perfectly prepared , whether you ordered it bloody or well done .
Try one of the cloudy ciders on the tap and you will not be disappointed !
Taking care of our environment is considered for many of us one of the most important things in our lives .
Nowadays , in order to have the best for the actual and following generations , there are international common ways for individuals to contribute to solving environmental problems .
Recycling is both a popular and an undervalued method .
Everybody knows what separate rubbish into different bins means but , big part of the society believes that it is not worth doing it if there are people that does not recycle .
I would answer to them that , then , how do they explain all the sheets of paper , crystal and plastic items that have been made of recycled materials allowing us to save tons of primal resources ?
Saving energy is the other grand method available to everyone .
Using its respective light bulbs , household appliances and any other thing that saves energy is the only way that individuals can help but , it is not effective .
Although an entire town or city contributes to saving energy in their homes , it can not be compared with the waste of energy that industries make .
In this case , restrictions should be implemented by the government .
Taking everything into consideration , there is a good argument for supporting recycle , which is the following one : The biggest waste of energy take part in primal resources industries , if we reuse all the materials that had already been exploited , we would reduce at least half of its costs .
The chilis restaurant at 123 street , Toronto is really a great place to hang out .
The Scrumptious food served makes me go back there often . if you want to have a lip smacking dessert this is the ultimate place .
Everyone will love the appetizers and main courses served there .
The spice levels are suitable for everyone .
Moreover the ambience of the restaurant is marvelous .
If you want to have a quiet cozy dinner you can sit at the table in the corner .
Whereas if you are going in there to party with friends or watch a game you get a table at suitable place . I believe that if we all could go to this restaurant at the end of our course , we will surely have a great time .
Today , recycling used clothes are popular in Japan .
For several years , a secondhand clothing store increase and a lot of people use it .
Japanese people take interest in used clothes .
There is involved with a recycling spirits in Edo period .
In Edo period , there was the society that was called " super recycling - oriented society " .
Almost products and materials were recycled and changed new products .
People did this without special efforts .
It was done very natural in their lives .
There were many specialists to repair , recycle and collect products in Edo .
Used clothes were sold by " gyosyo " , that means peddler .
In 1723 , there are 1182 secondhand clothing stores .
It was just the number of union members so in fact , there more secondhand clothing stores in Edo .
The key point why expanded used clothes industry is " kimono " .
Kimono has very simple structure .
It can be made from used clothes to patch and darn .
Another point is that , the cloth was more valuable than now .
So people set a high value on the cloth .
According to these reasons , used clothes spirits took hold in japan .
After that , western clothes became popular in Japan , the recycling system was forgot for a long time .
However , secondhand clothing stores are increasing recent years .
There are many secondhand clothing stores now .
Japanese people have the spirits of recycling and loving old things still now .
Media or also known as mass media is one of the most powerful means of spreading information .
It gives people the opportunity to get to know what happens all around the world in each matter such as poverty , occupation , discrimination , suppression of human rights and so on .
Nowadays we can easily get information which we need through the Internet , in the newspapers , on the TV .
As European citizens we are bounded directly or indirectly with the loads of social problems and issues in Europe so we have to acquire our right of free access to information privately and randomly in order to stop corruption , to acquire knowledge about our rights .
So that we can be active citizens and help the EU continuing developing
Many years ago I used to go to the cinema every Sunday afternoon .
It was the best way to spend my free time with friends .
I never mind what kind of film I could see .
Only the place was important .
Nevertheless Today I usually go to the cinema when I really want to watch a particular film .
My likes about films have changed too .
When I was younger I would rather watch romantic films . I used to cry when the handsome boy kissed that pretty girl , or I was waiting for the special moment to say good bye to the bad ones .
Nowadays I try to choose films with good actors or actresses , special scrips and plots , documentary stories or special renowned Director 's films like Almodovar , Sanchez Arévalo o Alex de la Iglesia .
On the one hand Comedies are my favourites ones because I have to laugh when I have finished my work .
But on the other hand I have to get used to go to the cinema as often as I can , but I wish cinema will be cheap .
it 's a pity
I strongly agree with a statement that shopping is not always an enjoyable thing .
First , there are often a lot of people in bigger shops .
There comes no surprise that it is totally difficult to find a necessary thing with a good price in a defined time through a crowd .
Once I remember myself hanging around in the shopping mall Akropolis in order to buy shoes in two hours . I did not managed to get particular one , because of size , which some shops suddenly could not suggest as well as the quality of others did not seem to be valuable for fixed prices .
So , I did not buy new shoes that day , despite thatI was happy for getting rid of crowd and shops .
Second , shopping malls have full places of advertisements and loud songs playing .
There is no surprise that a person visits a big shopping mall after his long working day .
He is tired and because of winter he wears a warm coat .
What does it happen ?
He hears different kind of songs , advertisements for sales and this confused person starts buying things which are not useful to him in reality .
The problem goes after the problem and a person starts to feel sick .
Also , It is a well - known fact , that it is totally hot to be with coat in a shopping mall in winter season .
The problem is that a person has to carry his coat in a hand near his other purchases , what is not so easy .
Finally , not every assistant is able to advise you appropriate .
There are some assistants who if you ask or even do not ask , they start suggesting the best their products as well as the most expensive ones to you .
This can make your shopping really annoying , because some type of people need to check by themselves in order to evaluate the quality of product .
To sum up , shopping is not always an enjoyable thing , because it takes time , it is often full of people and a person can be annoyed quickly by incompetent assistants , who eager to help you by suggesting the most expensive products .
So , shopping does not always provide good feelings .
Hi jennie ,
I 'm glad you moved , I haven't got round to finding time to share with you .
I 'm afraid I ca n't go running in the mornings I 'm very busy at work .
There are plenty of clubs in the town .
If I were you I would pick up the one in the avenue , because of the facilities
it has , such as the swimming pool and the gym as well .
Working out in the gym twice a week is enough as long as you eat healthy and of course you should forget those delicious cakes you use to make !
I 'd love to teach you how to swim and the gym in the avenue is perfect for that .
What about the Saturday mornings ?
I 'm really looking forward to doing it !
I really do hope you get used to the neigborhood .
Talk to you soon ,
Sebastian
The football
The football is the most beautiful sport in the world , it 's the profession dream of almost all the boys when they are kids , when you play in your neighbourhood , you are playing that you 're Messi , or Cristiano Ronaldo or your favourite player of your team .
It 's the funniest sport in the world , kicking the ball , you are kicking the bad energies of your life , you will be infected of passion .
But the passion is not only when you are playing football , you can increment your passion supporting a team in the good times and the bad times , going to the stadium , and when your team reach the glory , you can also feel that , and in this moments you are the happiest person in the world .
So I invite you to join the love and passion when you feel when you are playing or watching a match of football , and if you share this love with another person the passion increases a lot , your feelings are in their higher level , in this sport you can feel the glory , and in the next second you can start to cry because you 're team ca n't finish the way to the championship .
There are lots of interesting sports but there is normally one that you like the most .
In my case is not really a sport in itself , it is a cultural activity which needs a big physical effort .
I am talking about dancing , specifically ballet .
I consider it one of the best sporty and cultural activities because you keep fit at the same time that you express yourself making an art stuff .
For dancing you need some mental and physical skills , but none of them are as hard as people think .
You have to be a disciplined and well - balanced person , that 's it .
Both characteristics will help you in other type of tasks and will improve your future development .
The start is the hardest part considering that your body is not used to do this kind of sport ; however , once you are in it everything becomes easier and you feel healthy and much more active .
So , if you are starting it , do n't give up because of difficulties are coming , just relax and be aware that you and your body require time to adapt to this new activity .
You will notice how the improvements come up without thinking too much .
One of the things that I enjoy the most is that you dance in a group therefore you meet people and you can make a friendship after a while .
You must not be in your own , otherwise you could not dance in a company , so that you share your passion with people that feel the same and that , make a strong relationship forever .
I encourage everyone to try it , I am sure you will become a better person .
I did not find it hard at all , as a matter of fact , it was easier than I thought .
1 . I guessed I had more fluency at writing , which suggests how well I 've improved .
2 . I did n't get stuck often at thinking in which word I should use , which gave me enough time to finish .
3 . I wrote the enough quantity of words required .
4 . Everything was kept neatly .
Anything was found difficult nor struggling .
I did my best and I succeed in getting a 5.0 .
Neverthless , I would like to improve some skills and although I did very well , I still got confused .
1 . I overthought every so often , because I was not sure if what I was doing was alright .
2 . I should stop thinking in Spanish and more in English since translating might be confusing .
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
Choosing a sport to practise is a complicated thing . You should choose something that you enjoy , but at the same time , something you can afford to pay for .
As a result of that , I have tried many sports in my life .
My favourite is diving .
Although you may think that is a dangerous sport , which can be , the adrenaline rush you feel when you are in the water makes it worth the danger .
If you are going to start practise it , I would recommend you to start taking lessons with an expert instructor .
It is very important to check the equipment first .
If are not used to do it you can make a mistake , and then it is when the sport became dangerous .
After a few lessons you will be able to go diving on yourself and enjoy the sensation of freedom that provides you this sport .
It is like you would be isolated from the world , just you and the ocean .
I have to say that it is one of the most amazing feeling that I have ever felt in my life .
I encourage you to try it .
Without any doubt our life is changed quickly and we do not realise about this .
How will be our life in the future ?
To begin with this , the main change will be the use of renewable resource instead of fossil fuels .
Nowadays , people is aware of environmetal problems and they will try to figure out .
For example , all future houses will use solar cells to produce electricity .
Moreover , there will be important thecnological advances in our life , like as intelligent mobile phones which could help us with day - to - day task .
Not only they will be used to telephone , but we could pay with them .
They will control our empty fridge and if you run out of any vegetables , your mobile phone would warn your supermarket and they would bring it .
However , Robots will not replace humans in the dairy tasks .
So that , we should carry on dust cleaning or washing .
Although , cars will be better than now , they will not fly yet .
The streets will be plenty of cars in the rush hours .
To conclude , it is impossible to argue against the fact that people 's live will change in the next years but , these changes will help to improve our environment and our dairy life .
It is often said , that shopping is a pleasant procedure but sometimes it becomes bothersome .
However , there are situations we do not find enjoyable at all .
I will mention some of the reasons why and when shopping can be unenjoyable .
Firstly , when we do not have enough time in the morning to go shopping , we have to do it in the evening when most people go and buy things they need .
Shopping may cause frustration mainly , when we have to squeeze through the crowd .
Secondly , shopping definitely become unenjoyable when we are not able to find products we want and desire .
On the one hand , overspending money .
Shops use a lot of tricky ways to encourage people to buy more than they need .
Nevertheless , poeople try to save money by every conceivable means .
To conclude , we have to know when and to which shop we should go to avoid stressful and not enjoyable situations .
Probably one of the most discussed topics - global warming , is also most serious issue ; world is facing today .
Researchers have proved that human activities such as industrialization , deforestation etc . can trigger global warming .
In this topic I would be highlighting some of the dangers of climate change and different ways through which government and individual may help to overcome this challenge .
One of the most evident effects of global warming is the depletion of the ice at North & South poles , in turn causing sea level rise and encroachment of land .
These phenomenon caused serious damages to ecosystem and sea life .
Further , continuous rising temperature is impacting weather patterns and leading to natural disasters .
There are scientific evidences , that calamities like Katrina , Hud - Hud can be linked to global warming .
As global warming can have such serious impacts on life on Earth .
It is high time to intervene and take action .
Government can dictate strict norms to control pollution and carbon footprints .
For example , governments can impose limits on emissions by manufacturing plants and force industries to help in forestation .
Individuals can also play their part in controlling global warming .
For example , individuals can reduce use of the plastic materials , use public transport to control emission , recycle waste material etc .
To conclude , global warming is serious concern which can not be ignored any longer .
Government & Individual both have role to play , in facing this biggest challenge of the Time , Earth is facing .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to apply for a job in summer camps .
My name is Stela , I am 36 years old and my English is very good .
I am a very hard working person , organised , calm and friendly person .
I have two kids one is 8 years old and the other one is 10 years old so I have plenty experience with kids .
I believe I have the skills , knowledge and expertise you are looking for . I have worked before for my local community for 6 years while I was looking for my children too .
My task there were vary from working with children of all ages to organise events , sport activities and evening activities . I also helped with cleaning the centre , helping in the kitchen with cooking and working closely with clients and customers in our Café .
I will love to work in a summer camp as I always enjoyed going on camps with friends and family .
This will be a great experience for me to work so close to the countryside .
I look forward to hearing from you and hope you will invite me for an interview .
Yours faithfully ,
Stela Volkov
Michael is an editor in an international student magazine .
He holds a short story competition to improve students ' writing .
He hoped a lot of students could join this activity so he makes a rule which is if you take your friends ' writing you can get 1 dollar per writing .
The message was posted on the website .
While I watched that message , I was excited to find my friends to enter this competition .
I thought no matter who wins the competition , we all must get 1 dollar for prize .
But my friends were not interested in that competition , they thought writing is boring and got 1 dollar is small .
I told them , you can just write no matter what you write .
Finally , they copied my article in this competition .
They only want to get the free dollar , do n't spend time to focus on the writing .
One day Michael entered his company and his employee happily told him , we got many responses .
When he read the content of article , he discovered many of them are similar .
He was sad to go to his office .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had make a mistake .
Academic culture refers to the attitudes , values and that are shown by the people who work or study in universities .
After I joined ACU ( Australian Catholic University ) I have found vast differences in teaching method between Nepal and Australia .
In Nepal students study individually , do not ask questions with the tutor even if they are confused .
Meanwhile , Australian education is based on making students learn new skills .
Students need to have an active participation in discussion with their peers .
Besides , students are able to raise questions with the lecturer because they can express their opinion .
At first I felt difficult , stressed while studying in groups used to hesitate while sharing my ideas , opinion but now I am familiar with the academic culture .
Academic culture is challenge for many students for effective learning .
Peer learning is a small group of three to five students who are kept together to discuss the content and carry out educational activities in mutual engagement .
( Fisher , as cited in Strake , 2010 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a two way learning process in which members of group feel easier to discuss the content .
It helps to know the importance of group work by giving and receiving feedback on particular tasks .
According to Hamp ( 2002 ) , the goal of EAP ( English For Academic Purpose ) course is to teach students relevant study skills they need throughout their degree .
It helps to share the ideas , knowledge , among the students and make them think critically , by using formal language while writing and so on .
In conclusion , the adoption of Australian academic culture has developed strategies for my learning .
I have become an independent learner and started to raise a question , share my opinion to the tutor .
In the future I will enhance learning strategies by working actively in group .
I want to talk about a restaurant called " Bierkeller "
It 's a restaurant located in Villa General Belgrano , Cordoba and the specialization of it is german food .
You have all the kind of german food you can imagine , from sausages with chucrut to Gullash with spatzle .
You have also common meat and basic food if you do n't want to try other types of food .
The restaurant is beautiful , it 's of a normal size , with many space and very well decorated , you have many photos and paints to see .
Most of the paints and photos are from Germany , because that town was occupated by German people many years ago .
It is also quiet , so it will suit perfectly for the class , we do n't talk that much neither make bothering noises .
People at the restaurant are very kind , the treat you in a very polite way and is worth going there
If we go to Bierkeller we wo n't regret and we will have a great time trying different types of food , learning maybe a little bit of the history of the town and be happy as a group
Almost everybody has ever thought of taking a gap year between leaving school and starting university , but we do really know all the advantages and disadvanatges that it entails ?
From one hand , a big part of global population consider this year off a way of learning and experience while you enjoy travelling all around the world and you get to know people from all the different cultures .
Nowadays , employers are looking for experienced people who knows how to adapt to all the different situations you can be involved in , such as an international lecture or a difficult plight .
It is also said that at the hour of heading to college , those people who have taken a year off are the ones who have less difficulties to learn and relacionate with other students because they have had used to it before .
It is a fact that those who spend a year abroad working on something , they can save money for university and they become more independent .
But taking a year off has its downsides as well , like the time people waste working on something they are not going to do in the future , because with any kind of extracurricular studies , people strangely find a good job .
That is why it is recommended to wait until you finish university to look for a job .
Another fact that should be highlighted is that while you are working for a year , people from your age are at university , and that means that they will probably finish their degree a year earlier than you , and this could be an inconvenience for you , because you will have to have a year younger classmates .
The important thing is that you are gaining skills that you can apply for your future career .
Many automobilindustries are working for a new future of automobils .
For many years Apple , Google and several traditional automakers have been running prototypes , which are driving from self and nobody can steer the car .
The question arises if driverless cars will be a boon or bane to us ?
Some people argue that this new idea of cars is a milestone for us and it will bring only positiv effects with it .
First of all self driving cars are good for people who have got a handicap .
At the moment people who has got a handicap can not drive a car on theirself .
This have got a devastating effect for her independence and freely living .
When this people can drive a self driving car the feel more comfortable and the can live more freely .
However , it is also important to remember that people with a handicap have got the same rights and chances as people without a handicap .
Similarly important is the fact that self driving cars are more saftier as no self driving cars .
The rising number in deadly car accidents raise an important question to all of us .
Is car driving really safe ?
Self driving cars are steered by a very modern software and this software is so exactly that the number of accidents will be decline .
In contrast self driving cars are very expensice and much people can not buy it .
Self driving cars are very modern and drive with a very highly technically software .
Rich people can buy it but people of the middle class not .
In the future this can make a highly gap between poor and rich people .
This is the reason why self driving cars can be in the near future only something for rich people .
The automobilindustries have to work on a plan that self driving can be bought by people oft he middle class too .
When this will be going on self driving cars can be an enrichment for our life .
The Reading museum in Berkshere has visitors from all age groups , but particularly suitable for young people who need help for school projects or want to take up creative things as a hobby .
They have a number of workshops for young people from beginner to semi - professional , and most of those are not so expensive .
You can learn various interesting art - works such as painting , photograph , ceramic , from the lifework professionals .
I 've taken ' ceramic course for beginners ' once .
Actually it was fun and I could make a lot of friends .
You ca n't miss the stylish cafe in the museum .
Their lunch menus are gorgeous and the price are reasonable .
You can also enjoy a quiet afternoon in the cafe if you go there around evening .
I really recommend every young people to visit there once when you have time although it might be better to avoid the weekends
to : miss analia
from : candela bergamaschi
subject : the transports of my local area
date : 24th june
introduction :
as requested , i have investigated the features of the main means of transports which are used in my local area .
my findings are presented below .
buses :
buses are the mai transport in my area .
these are very cheap and people who do not have a car use it to move everywhere . however , this transport isnot so comfortable because sometimes you must travel with lots of people .
cars :
people use their car for travel a long o short distance , this is really comfortable because you can manage the speed and where you will direct .
another option :
when you are not keen on travel by bs and you do not want get the car out the garage , the taxis may be the best option .
these are the combination between buses and your own car .
conclution
I believe that there should be more buses for the comfort of people .
there are several options to choose , but the choice depends on each .
My favorite sport is Football . I like it because it is a sport that does n't need a lot of means to be played .
In my country for instance , people starts playing football at the very early age .
The only thing they need is to have a ball and a piece of land .
Everybody can practise football .
The other reason why I like practising football is because it is a collective sport .
By playing football , you meet a lot of people of your age and make some friends .
Finally , football is like all sports very good for health .
Playing football at a regular basis helps to maintain a good health .
My advice to people who want to play football is to be passionate , to like and feel football .
As I said , it is not mandatory to have all the dedicated equipment but it could help .
They also have to remember that it is a game of contacts .
So , it might cause some injuries .
And for those who like football but are scary to get injured , they still have the opportunity to watch games on TV and play video game console .
It is common to see during summer many people in parks practising sports , like running , biking , or just doing every kind of physical activities .
Thanks god , I live right in the front of one big park .
So , when I wake up every morning , also pushed because I am a very active person , I get such a motivation to go out and do something .
I sometimes practise biking , running , or even dancing on sunday .
I practise also swimming in my apartment 's pool , and surfing when I manage to get to the beach .
But , not only in summer I practise sports , once in winter I practise also fun sports , like skiing , snowboarding , and Ice skating , among others .
So , when my friends ask me which is my favourite sport , a problematic decision comes to my mind , simply because I like them all .
But one of these sports comes to to the top of my thoughts more often : Running .
Why do I enjoy running ? .
I do not have a quick answer , but I can slide some ideas .
First , running is cheap .
If you want to practise this sport , you can simply take a couple of sneakers , and any light sportswear , and start to run anywhere .
There is no need of expensive technical clothes , or special fields , just you , and a place safe and with enough space .
Nonetheless , if you really want to get into this sport as a pro , you can get to invest a lot on clothing and gadgets .
Second , running is simple .
You do not need to get any special training when you start to run , you know it since you are a child .
That said , running is probably the easiest sport to practise .
Nevertheless , once you started to practise running , and want to really get into it , and improve , I do recommend you to take care of your health a to find professional assistance .
Injuries may happen for practicing it often if you do not know the way you step , or you do not take the necessary time to get the resistant that your body needs , for example .
Famous people , such as politicians and film stars , deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time .
The relationship between famous people and journalist is an attractive focus on our society .
In my opinion , it has two sides .
On the one hand , without their career effect , they would as normal as we are .
Famous people need a love , family , entertainment and support .
Sometimes , they are happy , sometimes they are sad
Like we all know technology is making the best of it .
Providing us needs that in the past were n't .
The society is growing and as it grows it gets more used to technology being everywhere .
Public transport is used every day by millions of people .
The mayority ; young or old age , since they are n't old enough or they are too old to drive .
Driving is the reason why adult people do n't tend to use as much public transport .
They just prefer to travel long or short distance in individual transport , known as car .
This is because technology has given us this opportunity , and as time goes by more and better modifications are made to car .
Which tends to catch our attention and waste our money in a way that can me saved up , in this casse using public transport .
This is happening now , and we are not even fully devoloped in technoloy .
Imagine the future , will public transport still be used ?
Will it modify our society ?
Will it be good , or not ?
That is something we have to work on .
IN helping our society grow , but not too much .
Just what we need .
Enough to live .
The purpose of this report is to assess the best and the worst aspects of Active Leisure Club .
Active Leisure Club 's gym is a modern built building .
The clients benefit of professional coaches , who train them in order to perform the exercises correctly .
There are appliances as treadmills , bikes , weightlifting and many others .
Although , there are not showers , and this really is a negative aspect .
You should build one to improve the popularity of your leisure club .
Those people who use the spa can benefit from treatments of the highest quality .
However , these services are very expensive , and not everybody can afford them .
You could low the prices a little bit .
That way , everybody could benefit of your spa .
In the club 's sports hall , people can play different sports and have fun with their friends .
Anyway , their children do not have a special place , so it would be recommended to arrange a safe place for them to play .
I hope that my report helped you , and Active Leisure Club will improve its facilities .
Nowadays everyone has read a book .
There are plenty of choice , novel , historic , drama or comedy .
Also , there are different form to read , I mean , you can read a book or an ebook .
Vanity fair is a good example for a book full of surprise .
You are reading and thinking what will happen .
But something happens unexpectedly and the new chapter is completely different what you had imagined .
Those things make me say that it is a good book .
The action involve you and you can stop reading .
The writer manage to catch all your attention .
That is a wonderful capacity of some good writers .
This book has a very fluent plot what makes that Vanity fair was one of the best novel .
In my opinion , a good book has to have surprise , has to have a good plot , a good variety of characters and , as I said , has to involve you .
When you read a book you ca n't stop to read it
The last CD I bought was Britney Jean by Britney Spears .
In this CD , the Singer expresses all her feelings and told us about her last experiences during recent years .
Firstly , you can find songs about her children , lack of affection , broken heart and some commercial songs which have an interesting lyrics .
People could think that if you buy this type of music , you will waste your money and it is just commercial music .
However , from my point of view , it 's not true .
When I listened this CD by the first time , I could sense how the singer break out in these songs and how many aspects of her life thought her to grow up a little bit more each day .
So , I would recommend this CD to other people because I think that they could meet the signer depply through the songs which compose this amazing CD .
Time passed and John had an unimaginable inspiration with his experiment .
He had to apply all his knowledge to make something concrete , with potential .
One night he went to a party with his colleagues .
He thought it will be good to distracted for a while .
It was already night when he was in Luck 's house ( Luck was an old friend ) and all of them were talking about life things , but then Luck remembered that John was working in an experiment that he did n't know what was it about , so he asked John in front of everyone :
-So , John ! How is it going ?
I heard that you were working in an experiment !
- Actually I am still working on it !
I worked on it very hard even though it was very complex , and my purpose was that it could get admitted by the inspector , and when I showed it to him he told me that it was good but I had to fix some details !
-He said .
-Oh ! Really ! I am glad that you 're doing well ! -Luck said .
When Peter listened that , he was interested in knowing about John 's experiment .
He had the insight that the experiment could be something vital to human life .
Peter 's career was similar to John 's .
He asked him if he could work with him and that he knew something that could help his devise to succeed .
John accepted his help ant told him to go to his laboratory .
As time passed Peter and John gradually became more close to each other .
After four months of hard work , they took the experiment with all the information to inspection .
The inspector finally accepted their work and told them that now they had to be patient because they will going to reproduce many of them .
They were very happy .
They decided to design a vertical field to expand the laboratory .
John draw a sketch to see how it was going to look .
Everything was going very good ; nonetheless Peter intentions changed and became riddle .
There was gap of ambition in him
My name is Daniel and my favourite sport is Padel .
Padel is a sport activity where you can enjoy with other three friends .
It is similar to tennis but the court is smaller than tennis court .
Furthermore , the court has walls and the ball can bounce off they .
Padel is my favourite sport because it is so easy to play for everyone and it is funny when you play with people who has the same level to you .
The most important thing that you have to think when you start to play this sport is that it is a game and you should improve your level fast because it is an easy sport .
I started when I was 18 years and I played 2 days per week .
Now , I play padel four days per week .
I am an addict to padel !
Dear Sir ,
This is in regard to the summer camp application advertised in the newspaper .
I would like to work as a volunteer in the upcoming summer camp at Arizona which you are organizing from 20th March to 30th March .
I am 32 years old Computer Science graduate currently working as software consultant .
I am an active person and exercise daily to keep myself fit and positive all through my day .
I also play cricket and badminton during the weekends .
I teach English in the suburb colony to primary children as part of my company 's ' Giving Back to Society ' program .
I am taking a vacation during the second half of March and I see it to be a perfect time to join the summer camp as the dates coincide .
So I would like to take this opportunity to work as a Volunteer .
I also enjoy cooking and will be a great help in the kitchen .
With my experience as a teaching assistant I can easily handle young kids and keep them busy in learning . I am follow a lot of sports channels in TV during my free time and that helps me in setting up the rules for the sports activities and ensure they are organized well .
It gives me great pleasure in helping kids in their activities and teaching them through play .
It makes me feel contented that I am contributing to the society by participating in the tasks that shape their future .
Having energetic and cheerful attitude , I would like you to consider me as the best fit for the camp volunteer and accept my application .
Looking forward to be a part of the team .
Sincerely ,
Sri Kapadia Chowdhury .
In my opinion , public transport has been improved during the last years , because cities has been doing a lot of investment for that .
At big cities , such New York , the main public transport is the underground , which is usually fast and not too expensive .
There are other types of public transport such bus , train or even planes for long trips .
I do not agreee with the idea which says that there is no future for public transport , because it is a perfect way of transport for commuters and nowadays , a lot of people is conscious with the global warmig and the envirnoment , and refuses to use the car every day .
In addition , the fuels price is increasing during the last years .
In summary , I think the public transport is a good way to move and the number of users is increasing every day .
Clare ,
Thank you for writing , I was worried about you .
Firstly , it is such a good news to know that you are getting used to your new life .
What have you doing since you moved from here ?
Secondly , I am so happy that you are glad with your new home and how is It ?
Is It look like your old house or it is bigger than this ?
In your letter you wrote that you are missing some people and things , what and who do you miss ?
I can imagine how difficult it can be , although calm down you will find out different things to do and make friends as soon as possible .
I really want to visit you .
If I am not travelling with my parents , I will go to your city .
I will look forward to hearing from you ,
Claudia
PUBLIC TRANSPORT .
Nowadays , travel in public transport has been an experience who none has failed .
However , exist now a discussion about what the people prefer , if the public transport or the vehicule of oneself .
Exist a lot of benefits of the public transport , at the start , you do nt have to drive yourself , you can listen to music , read a book o wathever you want without have to pay attention to the traffic , is true too that travel by this way of transport help the goverment because you have to pay it , and the majority of them are cheap enought to everyone .
However , so much people love have their own vehicule , a car , a bick , a moto , because this give you other kind of freedom , you chose the way , you chose the time , you chose the way in you drive it , the positive thing about this kind of vehicule is that you do nt have to take a bus , for example , crowded of people , you can go alone in your car , or whoever you want , but the important is that you chose .
In conclusion , we can say that every kind of transport has their own pros and cons but in my opinion the difference between both this is that in the secon you chose you own style .
Extremadura is a small place where you can not find many transport types .
First of all , the most of the people in Extremadura use the car for going to the job , to university or school .
The car is a quick , cheap and easy transport since you can use it when you want and you can park it where you want .
When you use the car , you do not have to think in timetables and you do n't have to pay expensive tickets for travelling .
However , I think that this transport has some disadvantages , for instance : if in a small city there are a lot of cars , the pollution will increase and the environment will be injured .
Also , when a city is small the people should walk to different places since everything is near to your houses .
Related to the use of the car , I would like to say that the Extremadura 's roads need a big reparation because , for example , the road between Cáceres and Badajoz is very damaged and it is difficult to drive for it .
In Extremadura , the second transport most used is the bus .
On the one hand , there are buses that connect the several neighbourhoods of the cities with the centre of them .
On the other hand , there are buses for travelling large distances .
I think that the urban buses have improved in Cáceres .
The last year , the mayor changed the old buses by new buses without increase the prices .
Now , it is securier to travel than last years .
Also , the seats of this transport are more clean and the bus driver go saying the name of each stop .
In the bus stop there are devices that advice to the people the minutes that they have to wait to the arrived of the bus .
Finally , in Extremadura the transport least used is the train .
The ticket is very expensive and the trains are very old .
Hello , dear guests ! We are glad to see you in our city . I want to tell you about interesting places in my city .
We are live in Moscow , it is a very big city , so there are many interesting places , where I used to do some activity .
That 's why I decide to tell you about some interesting place in our city .
I think , Gorky Park is a good place where we can spend our time .
In the summer it is a place where you can play Volleyball in the special ground with sand , play ping - pong or if you are tied you can sit in special hammock .
Many people come to the park for a picnic .
And in the evening you can go to the open - air cinema .
In the winter Gorky Park is very beautiful and there are ice skating park .
Everybody goes to it because it is the best ice skating park in Europe .
There are dancing square and many romantic alleys , also there are toboggan slide .
Guys should not go to snowbording .
I think it is good plays to other activities .
I like this park , so to my mind it is the best park in Moscow . You should go to the Gorky Park .
Hi Alison !
Nice to hearing from you .
I 'll try to describe for you an ordinary daily menu in my country .
Breakfast should be a shot of energy in my opinion .
Most people eat scrammbled eggs and drink a cup of tea .
But I prefer a strong coffee instead of tea .
It 's a good way to wake up !
Dinner contains two meals .
First is a soup , the most popular is chicken soup .
Main course is very heavy - lot of potatoes with meat .
I would prefer to eat more light dishes like vegetables with rise .
Supper always contains sandwiches .
As usual I 'm on a diet , so I prefer only yogurth .
Being fit it 's nice ! :)
I hope it would help you .
Kisses ,
Monika
I introduce myself : I 'm Italian with an obsession for the English language
I ca n't stop studying English language , I'm a sort of ' englishaddicted , but I wish I were an English native speaker , I do n't know why .
I 've been studying English at school
, later I took my degree in Modern Foreign Languages and Literatures , starting my to and from England to improve my skills .
While studying at the University my idea was to move to the UK to work there , but I got married so I could n't realize my dream . !
I found myself teaching English in my Country , far from the language competence I was longing for .
I will never stop visiting the UK and trying to improve my speaking and writing skills , thanks too to your help .
4 . Do you learn more at school or on placement ?
Nearly every education will apply a placement in their education program , to get the skills and experience of their pupils to a higher level .
But , is it also that necessary ?
Where do you actually learn more , at school or on placement ?
First of all before arguing this question , it is important to compare the answers with people who are on the same education and school .
Because there can be a lot of differences in the characteristics of those two subjects .
After that , having said I can clearly write down my opinion about this question .
I think that at my school the balance of this civil education is n't right and fair at all .
Because the numbers of theory lessons about our discipline are by far many hours less than I expected to get .
This makes it nearly a complete self study education , which should n't be that way at this level of schooling .
So because of this , the placement is always a step ahead to choose for at this question because they will teach you directly more .
In addition , on placement the things you learn are always focused on that particular job and company .
So the details and information they teach you will be more useful in your future career than the random information about the subjects at school .
So this makes it already two against zero for the placement .
And finally the third and last reasons why I think you learn more on placement than at school .
When you go to school you have to follow lessons which are off course useful for your knowledge but , the way of following this lessons are not a natural work pattern .
In a natural work pattern you have to do , also like school , your tasks but the communication is also an important part of it .
This important way communication lacks at school , because it 's a nearly a one direction way of communicating from the teachers .
You have to make a test and they will give you a rating for it .
While on placement they work more in an evaluating way to improve skills .
So with the these three arguments all going in the same direction to explain my opinion at this question , I think it has not to be explained any further now .
Over the last years , people 's attidute has been changing .
The necessity declined that working and living needs to be fairly close to each other .
Managing long distances seems to be normal nowadays .
Moreover , people enjoy being unbound and therefore , they are willing to travel long distances .
However , public transport has been critised more and more over the last years because of its inconenvience .
Some people go even so far and do n't assume that public transport will have a future at all .
A lot of public services were cut down in order to save money .
Therefore , busses are not running as often or reglulary as they used to .
Especially in the countryside , public transport is no alternative to cars due to the lack of frequency .
Consequently , people prefer taking the car .
Firstly , because they gain independence therewith .
Secondly , they can visit each place without any circumstances .
For instance , there is no need to change the bus .
It is also more convenient to go to work by car as you can leave when it suits you and not because the last bus is running .
In addition , the car is also more convenient in respect of the timing .
After having had a long day at work , people long to get home as quick as possible .
Furthermore , ticket prices have been increased rapidly in the last years .
Travelling by train as a family or group is often far more expensive than taking the car .
Nevertheless , public transport still provides several advantages in comparison to taking the car .
For example , it is no parking space required .
Sitting in the bus can also be quite relaxing , especially considering the heavy traffic during rush hours .
Finally , it still provides a useful way of travel for all who do n't have a driving licence .
In the end , the service of public transport needs to change to attract more people and to have a rosieer future .
However , it will remain in the future as still many people use it or even depend on it .
The purpose of this report is to inform about how the city of Granada take care of envirnoment .
Rubbish and pollution
Granada can be consider a clean city as regard of rubbish treatment .
There are lot of recycling points of plastic , paper , used oil , glass and batteries .
And there is a big universitary commnunity involved in recycling .
As for pollution it refers , in spite of to have a decent public transport , Granada is one of the worst cities of Spain .
Clean Infrastructures
How was said , Granada have a decent public transport and now it is being improved by adding a metropolitan train .
However , Granada can not be considerer as Ciclyng Friendly , there is less ciclyng roads than in other cities of similar size .
In addition , the oldtown is not as involved as it should be in clean behaviour , being the University who make the biggest effort .
Summing Up
I considerer that Granada score 6.5 of 10 about taking care of envirnoment .
There is good points but a lot of work must be done to achieve the eco - friendly title .
The most absorbing place in my town is obviously the Big Castle .
It was built in 1754 and renovated in 2007 and nowadays you can see the new face of this amazing place .
When you will get to the highest tower , you will watch the most breathtaking view .
It is a place where you can always find loads of tourists and foreigners .
When the weather is good enough close to the castle take place many kinds of parties and enterinments .
Like folk dances or shooting with a bow .
Unfortunately , tickets are expensive but worth buying . I also honestly recommend you to see all the places around the Big Castle such as Town Museum or Folk village .
And what 's more , castle is situated in the centre of the town with an easy walking distance to shops and park .
I can assure you will never get bored with this place and all things things connected with Big Castle will make it memorable for you .
Hope you will enjoy your stay .
Hello Maria ,
I 'm thinking about our last trip .
It was amazing !
I 'd like to spend my summer holidays with you .
When are you available ?
We could visit different countries , for example , France , Holland and Belgium because they 're near .
Last week , I went to Barcelona with my sister , Caroline , she had to take an exam .
It was a fantastic weekend because we visited some places : Sagrada Familia , Guell Park ... and we walked by the promenade .
It 's a beautiful city and I 'd to go with you .
Tomorrow , I 'll go to visit my grandparents in Galicia .
It 's a long trip but it does n't matter because I 've good friends there and I want to spend some time with my grandparents , David and Gema .
I 'll get you a surprise !
I hope your answer , I want to have a great holidays this year !
Regards ,
Carlos
Nowadays almost every person in the world watches movies temporarily or permanently .
It can be done by going to a cinema or watching movies at home .
I like both ways .
Regarding my preferences , I would like to admit that silent genre conquered me .
Of course , unprepared viewer ca n't understand inner beauty of this genre and will choose something mediocre .
However , simplicity in some cases can be very good and smart .
When I want to watch something easy , comedy or horror comes to my mind .
I do n't appreciate melodramas or love stories much , but they should be paid attention to .
In my opinion , very few people use movies for broadening the mind .
They are simply relaxing by such a way .
That day was a terrible day with Michael , he woke up and felt totally exhauted after an overwhelming birthday party .
He even did not remember what has happened and a serious headache made him did not want to get out of the bed .
His mom was disappointed about that , too .
She even did not want to talk to him after that situation happened .
Anyway , he is her son , and she had no choice but to take care of him in spite of any situation .
She talked to him:"How about you today ? " .
He did not answer at all , besides , he hit the chair near her , and unfortuantely , that chair hit her in a serious manner .
She even could not yell a word , just looked at him disappointedly .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
My favourite website is Drive2.ru .
It 's a kind of a social network , but it differs a bit from ordinary networks .
The aim of the site is to get together people interested in cars .
In this network you create a profile of your car , write a list of improvements you have done in it , upload photos and movies about you car and of course you meet a lot of people with the same interests .
Drive2 users often have a lot of technical questions about their cars .
So they often need help of professionals .
I think that it is necessary to involve some professional mechanics to give advice to users .
The other website I often use is Google.com because it is the greatest searching service ever created by human beings .
I think it is the best among other searching systems because of it is very fast and you get only the information you asked for and nothing excess .
I think that many google users will be happy if the developpers bring more useful information to the main page , for example weather information , carrency rates or hot news .
Moreover google map service needs some improvements such as street names , map accuracy and more city panorams .
Hello dear visitors of Moscow !
Welcome to Moscow !
I hope your arrival was successful and you have been enjoying our town .
If you want to spend your time visiting famous and very beautiful place and see by yourself the main sightseeing in Moscow , I recommend you to visit the Red Square .
The world famous Red Square is located in the centre of Moscow .
Your group will see many well - known monuments of architecture , which you admire .
There you will be able to find out a lot of information about the history of Moscow and Russian rulers .
You will be very exciting watching St. Basils 's Cathedral , the monument of Minin and Pozharsky , the Kremlin .
I recommend you to visit the Kremlin .
It 's necessary for you if you want to see the most famous place in Moscow .
I think you should buy tickets and book the excursion in advance , because you can spend much time searching for it .
I hope you will enjoy seeing this place and become really excited by this excursion watching the great architectural monuments
Dears Kate Ashby ,
I am wiring to apply for the vacancy in your cafe .
I enclose my CV for your information .
I have had extensive experience working face - to - face with customers .
I have worked two years in a well know coffee franchise and previously three years in famous patisserie as a chef assistant , giving me varied skills , like the ability to work with many different types of people and an extensive knowledge about cooking .
I am a conscientious person who works hard and pays attention to detail . I am flexible , quick to pick up new skills and eager to learn from others .
I have lots of ideas and enthusiasm and I am available to work long hours .
I am keen to work for a company with great reputation like Green Pepper Cafe .
Thank you for taking the time to consider this application and I look forward to hearing from you in the future .
Your sincerely ,
Cristina Vargas
This topic leads me to think of my brother 's child .
This result in different views of whether people accept it is easier to raise children now a day .
I hold the belief that the children are really easy to raise than before .
First , the parents only want fewer kids , so the children 's resource must plentiful than 50 years ago .
I hold the example .
My brother only has one child , but my grandfather has four children .
My brother 's child can very easy to get the toy which he required directly .
However , my father never got the toy when he was a child , because too many kids need to be fed .
My grandfather must work hard to support his children by additional job .
They had no money could use on entertainment .
That is why I mention that my father never got the toy when he was a child .
Now a day , every child can get more and more resource from their parents because of less competing by other child .
That is what I say that the fewer children can get more resource and easier to be raise .
Second , more and more infrastructures appear in our city .
Of course , that must include the health care system .
For instance , in the big city we can very easy to find the specific space to serve our children , such as special toilet and Breast - Feeding Room in every subways .
These kinds of space can make parents comfortable and concentrate on their care .
My brother told me when his baby should be feed when they walked on the street .
They can quickly to feed his baby .
That is friendly for children and parents .
On the other hand , the software infrastructures are important as well as hardware system .
Health care system also helps the parents to care of their children , because of people can spend less money to recover their disease by insurance .
This is a good example to show that the infrastructure can help parents to care of their children .
Of course , some people may be moved to disagree with my position on this issue .
That being said , I still feel that the reasons I have presented was strong ones , such as more resources and infrastructure .
Having a healthy lifestyle is one of the most important things for our health , because it reduces the chances of getting sick and it gives you the energy and concentration you need .
But what should you do in order to live a healthy life ?
Eating on a schedule is a very important tip you should take in consideration and also trying to avoid fried meals or fast food .
Unhealthy food and neglecting physical exercises increases the chances of getting fat and having problems with your heart , liver and other organs .
Fruits , vegetables and water
Your body requires many types of vitamins in order to function properly , which are found in fresh or boiled vegetables and fruits .
They would help you immune system , your skin and will also give you the amount of energy you need the whole day .
However , drinking 2 litters of water everyday is essential to your health and has a lot of benefits such as helping energising muscles or keeping your skin look good .
Sports and sleep
Another think you should take in consideration if you want to live a happy long life is doing physical exercises , such as walking in the park , going to the gym or playing team sports .
It will give you a lot of energy to study and do the things you love , while feeling and living healthy .
Besides that , you should also sleep between 8 - 10 hours per night , so that your body can function effectively .
Do 's
-eat fruits and vegetables
-drink water
-sleep 8 - 10 hours / night
-do sports
Do n't 's
-eat a lot of Fast Food
-drink excessively alcohol
-be lazy
In conclusion , you do n't have to do a lot of effort to have a healthy lifestyle and there are plenty of benefits from it .
You will feel great , would concentrate better , have more energy and have less health problems .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in connection with the advertisement for a job in the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I would like to apply for the position you offered .
I am a really cheery person , I like taking walks to the countryside and taking photos there in my free time and in my opinion I am a very tireless youngster .
Besides , I am plenty of availability and I am responsible , patient and social , and I have good communication skills .
My qualifications include a broad experience as a childminder and in organising sports activities .
Furthermore , I have worked as a catering assistant for a year .
I would be very happy to attend an interview if you liked me to introduce myself .
Also I would be grateful for information about the task I would be called for if I got the job .
I look forward to receiving a reply .
Yours sincerely ,
Lucía Orellana
No future for public transport is one of the worst things in our life .
Thus , our state spears no effect on fight it , transportation now is very over crowdedness and difficult , especially in the rush hour which people leave their jobs and go to their houses at 2 o'clock , the main reason for that is the increasing the number of people in our country ( housing problem ) and the result of that a lot of accidents has been done and a lot of people were died .
Recent U.S. study revealed that the bus ride and trains regularly maintains the agility of the body and helps in reducing weight .
According to a study published by the journal « American Journal of Medicine Brevintev » in August / August next that the more public transport in the city , where population has become leaner and healthier .
The U.S. researchers from two universities in the state of Pennsylvania and the Foundation « Rand » American research and development staff to monitor regularly attend public transportation or go to work by car within a year .
The study results showed that people who ride transportation .
Public decreased their weight by three kilograms on average , compared to people who use the car to move and the study attributed this result to walk to the bus stop and running to catch the bus in the expected position requires goer public transport more traffic , while this does not happen with motorists .
The study pointed out that the public transport network in the United States has not been expanded since a long time compared to the situation in Germany , for example .
He appealed to the experts in political circles in the United States to invest more money in public transportation and improving security in the ways of the infantry in cities and make them more attractive to encourage people to use public transport .
The supervisor of the study , John M ..
MacDonald of the University of Pennsylvania : « investment in public transport will allow the possibility of reducing obesity people » .
Suffered the transport sector in the Arab countries of the many shortcomings and poor performance and is a form of environmental pollution and this is due primarily to a lack of the capacity of public institutions to develop strategies necessary to intervene appropriately and allocate investments effectively and improve the organizational capacity and result
So it did not materialize for the transport sector often necessary capacity to provide reliable and safe transportation and moderate cost and in spite of the high demand for transportation services in the Arab countries are still public transport systems are undeveloped and drive people to rely on private cars .
It has been observed , for example , that increasing the number of cars varied between 7 and 10 percent per year in Jordan and this situation is similar to what happens in other Arab countries , and despite the investments in roads and infrastructure in the last few decades , the performance of this sector remains weak as a result of congestion severe urban centers and poor air quality in many cities , land degradation and high rates of emissions of greenhouse gases blamed for global warming .
The optimistic opinion , some people object that " no future for public transport " saying that the future of public transport is clear and the prof of that in ancient there was n't any transport and by the time people starting to invent new means of transportation ranging from cattle , cart , carriage , boat , ship , lorry , private cars until the plane , so they hope that the transportation be best by the creative people .
In the other opinion , the pessimistic opinion , in developed countries like Japanese and Kuwait we do n't find like these problems because they have a good planning , they make ways underground and overground , then they have ways only for people and ways only for cars , finally , we should have a good plan and the government should care with that and plan for traffic regulation to solve this problem .
Hi Max ,
How are you ? I 'm fin .
This day are a sunny and fantastic days and I will start school in a week .
I recommend you to visit the beach because it is fantastic in hot days .
And there are a lot of beach bars for snack between meals .
I recommend you , too , to visit the castle because it is very interesting .
I offer you to go for a walk to Anec Blau because there is a cinema with some new funny movies and there are a lot of clothes shops too .
I 'm not sure what is the most expensive restaurant in my town , maybe there are some near the beach because the tourist normally go there .
My typical evening out is going to Anec Blau and after that I go to the cinema to watch a comedy film or go for a walk with friends .
Silvana .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am very glad of the fact that you visited our country and the area of Silesia .
According that , I recommend you to visit Tyskie Brewery in Tychy .
It is worth seeing because there is the most famous brand which brews one of the most popular beer in Poland .
In my opinion , a trip will be fascinating because of the fact that the building of the Brewery is orginally German - owned brewery which has been brewering been for almost 400 years .
It contains a liitle museum which is open for tours .
I strongly advice to see that , there is an English - speaking guide who will show you the way of brewing process .
Tickets must be booked in advance and there is a tasting session at the end .
There you could buy some souvenirs - glsses , bottles , T- shirts , cups and , of course , beer !
It is a good purpose , to see and get to know the place , where in Poland produced traditional and well known beer .
I hope you will take it into consideration and go to sightseeing our local but famous Brewery .
Yours faithfully ,
Anna
The Asian restaurant Tian review
For our end of the course 's dinner , I 'd recommend the Asian restaurant Tian .
Firstly it 's a really exquisite place , and it is decorated with objects from the South Asia .
The atmosphere seems exotic and calming .
The place is small but it 's very cozy .
They serve all meals in small portions ; and they suggest that the servings can be shared ; so everybody can try more itens from the menu .
The food is really tasteful , each bite it 's an invite to travel by the senses to far away places in Asia .
Finally , to add one more touch to the experience you can take a ride in their tuk - tuk .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
He got that mysterious look in his eyes .
He just realized how to solve one of the biggest physical challenges mankind has been interested in for ages .
Time travelling !
We had been looking at this problem from wrong angle all the time .
The periodic move of minute hand compared to smooth path of seconds hand .
We were trying to reverse the flow of time , but that is not possible at all .
We have to focus on the breaks .
Time is running , seemingly continuously , same as seconds hand on his clock .
But we got this perception just because our eye can see only limited number of images in a time period .
If time period is long enough , like minute , we can see strict distinction between one and two .
That is the key !
We need to slow down the time !
In other words , we have to be fast enough to see that breaks in time .
Then we can just jump inside it and move either direction , as we wish .
Peter grabbed his notebook and immediately wrote all this down .
He ca n't forget any word of it !
Nowadays we live in society that we is totally dependent on transport .
This happens because , not only we live in a big cities but also we have no time to waste .
Due to this we have witnessed to an increase of traffic .
Public transport are for some people one good solution for many reasons , such as , they can save money and travel quickly .
However , some people say that public transport have no future , they might be right.ple do n't agree with it , they prefer travelling by car .
Some people say that public transport have no future , they might be right .
Considering that the companies now are moving to the surrundings of the cities and the lack of more and flexible timetables some people exclude the public transport option .
As a result of this many people are trying new opitions like car sharing .
It is believed that travelling by car is more comfortable and convenient for everyone , consequently car brand 's look at is as a new opportunity creating new hybrid cars in order not to damage the environment .
I personally believe that because of all this the public transport will have no future in our society .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
It was the day of her birth .
She woke up in the morning full of enthusiasm and zest for life .
She was sure that everyone remembers about the celebration and have a gift for her .
But it turned out that everyone had left the house for work and no one was waiting for her with the wishes .
She went to school very disappointed .
Day of school very stretched because Anna always thought about the sad morning .
However , the surprise was still to come .
Anna did n't expect that after returning from school she finds his family and friends .
All of them were waiting for her with lots of gifts in a beautifully decorated room .
Anne was very surprised and happy .
I 'm a teeneger and now a days I recognize there are a lot of ways to get to know something .
In the past technology was poor and only a few guys had a smarphone or a computer .
In contrast , today everyone has the latest model of telephone or computeror whatever .
In the last ten years technology have made a big jump and thanks to the Internet we can search everything whenever we want .
In the past was better than now because grandparents or older people could tell you how to do something for the first time , they could give you some useful advice and you could establish a relation with them .
Today everyone knows how everything is easier with technological machine but it 's more sad because you ca n't compare your thoughts with nobody .
For that reason , I think that for me , young people in the past learned a lot from their grandparents and it should be the same today too .
I 'm going to talk about the famine and thirst in Africa .
There is a large number of African children , who suffers with the lack of food and clean water .
Children are supposed to be the future of their countries , but in Africa , especially in the countries in sub - Sahara Africa , there are many cases of famine - extreme cases , so children spend very difficulties .
Their education is affected , for example .
They have to walk away long distances to have clean water and to work too to survive .
Children who have to work and can not go to school , wo n't get a better life and their dreams never will come true .
Unfortunately this is the sad reality .
Besides that , the lake of food and clean water are responsible for many diseases , which are responsible for a large number of deaths , because there are n't enough sources to cure the populations .
Ear we have some of them : anemia/ anemia ; rickets and malnutrion …
The principals cause for famine in Africa are the ethnic conflicts , which causes warms ; the decrease of fertile grounds and the use of ground only to produce monocultures to export .
Every day , Tom walks next to the river to see the landscape and to feed lots of squirrels which live in the trees .
Sunday morning , Tom was walking as usually when he saw a big poster with a picture of a big motorway .
In that moment he understood that the mayor will build a big motorway there , next to the river .
Suddenly , he thought that the workers will cut all the trees , and the squirrels will lose their refuges , so he thought that he had to do something immediately .
He wrote a letter to the town hall explaining the situation and asking to stop the construction .
He suggested to build the motorway in another place to save the squirrels and to protect that beautiful landscape .
The mayor accepted Tom 's proposal , and he ordered to build the motorway in another different place .
Tom arrived home very late .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
firstly , the primary cause of bushfire is human activities .
lacck sense of civic responsibility is lead to bushfire easily .
For instance , some people discarded cigarette or match which is unattended like barbeque or campfires .
In addition , in many developing country , unemployment they also migrate to forest and set fire to enhance cultivated surface .
Moreover , a small piece broken of bottle or glass can also lead to bushfire .
it will attract sun 's ray and set alight .
Bushfire caused by numerous human activities but almost started from carelessness of people ( Roland as cited in Schauble , 2009 )
My subject will talk about my autumn holidays .
I went a week at Center Parcs in French with my family , my godfather , and my best friend .
The Center Parc is in the region of Lorraine .
We left Monday morning at ten 0'clock , we should have put three hours away but we put double because the plugs .
Once arrived , we unloaded the car and we went to the store .
Tuesday we went to visit the Sainte- Croix Animal Park .
They are more than 1,500 animals from 100 different species .
I saw deer , bear , lynx , bison , wolves , lemurs , vultures , red pandas and other animals .
Wednesday I went to try for horses with my godfather to possibly buy one .
We went in two riding stable but I have not found the horse that I liked ..
Thursday I went with my family to the Strasbourg Cathedral .
It 's huge and beautiful . I will show you a picture later .
And in the afternoon we went to the Center Parc of the pool .
It 's big with many activities .
Friday morning we did canoeing and paddle boating on the small river that ran along the center and in the evening we went to the restaurant .
The next day , me and my best friend went to play bowling and billiards . while my parents took my sisters ride a pony .
And the afternoon , the centre organizes a lesson for agility dogs .
I did with my dog .
It is called Canelle , it 's a Jack Russell Terrier .
It 's very small !
It measures about 30 centimetres .
The lesson is not very well , she was interested in other dogs and she was not listening .
At the end , the teacher asked me the exercise again .
It was perfect , she jumped sixty centimeters .
And Sunday morning we returned because the weather was bad .
The Alhambra : A paradise within you reach .
Are you one of those people who would like to go back to past time ?
The Alhambra give you this opportunity !
In the wonderful Granada , which is located in the south of Spain with a great weather , you can visit the palace city .
The Alhambra is a group of palaces , gardens and fortresses built by Muslims and occupied by them for over four centuries .
It was a citadel inside of Granada where the monarch of the Emirate of Granada and his court lived .
Its true atractiveness , in addition to the decoration which is in the summit of the Andalusian art is also their location which is unique .
You will be impressed by the stunning views which are considered by some people the best one of the world .
If you are lucky enough to visit this wonderful place in summer I recommend you attend the Granada International festival of Music and Dance which is celebrated in Genelalife 's gardens where you can enjoy amazing artists and orquestras in an unrivalled setting .
You ca n't miss it !
The graphic information presented in the flow chart illustrates the procedure regarding to the form of bank notes , which can be sorted into 6 main phases .
Initially , the format of the notes should first be designed considering the background color and security issues .
At the same time , skilled machinists are prepared with the use of metal plates in order to set up a fixed mould .
After that , the pringting process comes into play .
50 pieces per sheet are set with special ink prepared , producing images that colors on both sides with a slow speed .
The most significant procedure is called inspection , which means mannual check by particular machines and staffs , and then they are classified into 3 different columns , including good quality sheets , partially damaged sheets , and bad sheets .
In the final stage , the well - performed sheets are packed and distributed to each branches , while the broken ones are safety disposed .
This is the whole process how a bank note is made .
The flew chart shows six main steps in terms of making bank notes .
As following desriptions , namely , Design , Preparation of matal plates , Printing , Inspection , Packaging and Distribution and Disposal .
When you need a bank notes , the first thing you should do is to design what aspects of information you want .
Next , make sure the metal plates worked well .
Afterwards , you are able to print the sheets of the bank notes(50 bank notes per sheet ) .
The most significant part of the
step is inspectation , where the printed sheets should be
manually inspectors by the officers .
It depends on whether the sheets are in good or bad qualities .
If it is not very well , we can destroyed them securly , however , a few sheets may partially damaged , it does n't matter due to the fact that further seperation will assiste you to get the wrong sheets .
At last , all of
the sheets have been dealt with correctly .
Overview , it is clear that the process of making bank notes begins with Design and ends with Disposal or Distribution .
Travelling by public transport is expensive and uncomfortable .
The trains and buses are not big enough .
There is not enough space for your legs and you often do not get a seat .
This will not be a problem if you travel only short distances , but on long journeys that will be very uncomfortable .
Travelling with your personal car is much more comfortable .
There is the possibility to set up your seat .
It is your own decision when you get up , because there are no time boundaries .
There are no times when you have to be at the bus stop .
If you use public transport for long distances in a city , you will often change the bus .
There is the risk that you would not get the connecting bus and so you are stressed .
In conclusion travelling by car is the easiest and best way . I think that it is not possible to use public transport because there are no buses or trains .
Maybe car sharing is an innovative alternative to public transport .
Many people use their car alone .
The most of the time they have free seats in their cars .
So they could spare their cars with other people
here are many fields of study that have not been discovered or researched by humans .
Many reasons cause the research hardly going on .
As a result , there is the debate whether educational institutes have a responsibility to dissuade students from pursuing field of study in which they are unlikely to succeed .
In my opinion , I agree with the statement with qualifications by following reasons .
Admittedly , some of the research need to invest many resources that educational institutes can not afford .
Such research indeed will fail .
Educational institutes should dissuade students .
However , if there is not lack of the resource for the field of study , Educational institutes should support students for their study area .
Education 's greatest purpose is to encourage student to attempt and learn from the fail .
Take Thomas Alva Edison , the inventor of the light bulb , for example .
He tried a lot of different materials to make filament of the light bulb .
Once , people think he would succeed .
Even though the research really can not succeed .
Students can learn some things from the course of the research .
In the course of the research , students will think how to develop process of the research and know which segment will cause the problem making the research fail .
In addition , students in the course of research maybe create serendipity .
Like Alexander Flrming Alexander , the inventor of the antibiotic , discovered the Penicillin accidentally from the research of the germ .
" You must do the thing you think you can not do . "
said by Eleanor Roosevelt .
The invaluable thing is to turn the impossibility to possibility .
Therefore , Educational institutes should encourage the student attempting the field which unlikely to succeed .
Remember when in school you learned the three esential things for living ; reproducction , nutrition and interaction .
Well , humans become more and more sedimentary whith the pass of the time and forget about interaction and mevement .
Doing sport is not only for getting fitter is also something you need to do as a habit .
Nowadays going to the gym is the new trend , but you do n't only have to do sport because it 's trendy .
I might not have the tipical sports women body type , but I really enjoy doing sport and feeling the glory of movement .
My fabourite sport is tennis , although is not the only one I practice is the one I most like to play .
I must admit , I 'll never be the best tennis player you 'll ever meet .
But that 's not my goal of practicing a sport .
Apart of ovbiouslly having fun and socialice , the way you feel after running and burning feels really good .
Hi Anne ,
Thanks for your e - mail .
It is very exciting to hear you are coming to Latvia .
Personally , I think the best time to come is in the summer .
Because at this time we have a lot of interesting activities like concerts , festivals and so on .
If you want to meet young people I suggest you stay in a youth hostel .
The first good thing is they have low cost and here you can meet students from all around the world .
In spite of that the weather has to be warm in summer , you should bring with you not only light clothes but also jacket for rainy day .
Thanks also for your invitation to join the group .
I would love to do if I am free .
I will be able to show you and your friends the most interesting places in my area .
Let me know when you are coming .
Warm regards
When I was in high school , I loved to go to different kinds of activities .
Quite often , I felt difficult to balance both my study and hobby at the same time .
So , having a good time - management have become important in my study .
I remember that I had a drama play which was held just couple weeks before final exams .
However , instead of focusing on my study , I paid more attention on rehearsals .
As a result , one of my subjects failed because I did not have enough time to catch on the lessons .
At that moment I felt regretful and frustrated .
From that experience , I have realized that I need to change my learning strategies for a successful study .
Firstly , to know what is priority is essential for achieving success .
Therefore , I avoided social activities during the period of exam .
In the same way , Rowh ( 2006 ) points out that it is important to get controlled our self .
In addition , not only putting things in order but also well - organized planning are helpful to manage times .
As Academic skill Unit ( 2012 ) states that daily , weekly and semester planner can benefit for arranging our times ( P.22 ) .
In my case , I planned the activities into a proper time because the planners clearly show me the outline in the near future .
Without a doubt , this valuable experience let me know the importance of taking responsibility to my own learning .
More significantly , I understand that time - management and planning are crucial in academic life .
Therefore , in the future , I will keep improving those abilities and become a more oragniezed person .
Football : The most incredible sport in the world
As we know football or soccer is the sport king of the present .
It 's a great party and we can have real fun watching a football game even if it 's by television .
Do you want to know why is the most enjoyable ?
When we watch a football game everybody is expecting that at any time someone will score a goal or do some jink that gets us excited and that 's the magic of the football .
If you want to start practicising this sport you have to get fit and run a lot because you got to have a good physical condition to play because it is a very demanding sport .
And I recommend you to start looking for a football club to start playing with another players .
The best thing about football is that you can practise a sport and you can socialise with other people that love that sport as much as you .
SHOPPING GUIDE FOR TOURIST
The aim of this report is to describe the shopping facilities in my town and make recommendations to try encourage the tourists visit the shops .
Some of the information was collected on the shops , and on the web .
According to the investigation , the majority of the shops are in two areas ; Firstly the puerto shopping center , it is allocated in Puerto Marina , and the offers of the shops is majority fashion , coffee shops and pubs .
The other big commercial area is in the city center , with a more variety offer , fashion , bars , supermarkets , local food shops , wine shops etc ....
Alternatively every Friday in the parking next to Tivoli World , there is a street market where you can find every kind of products , local products , food , CDs , DVDs , etc ....
Puerto Marina is more visited than the city center , even when in the city center there is more diversity than in Puerto Marina .
In the light of the results , I feel it would be to our advantage if we make promotions of the city center as a good destiny .
I would recommend the tourist office to encouraged the variety of shops In Puerto Marina
In conclusion , the tourist office should have more adverts of the city center .
Dream walked towards me and said do you know how to satisfy a lady .
I will teach you how to satisfy a lady tonight .
I was stunned by her words and become speechless for a moment .
Once again dream said to get ready , I did n't utter a word , without wasting any movement .
I grabbed her hips and dragged her towards me with a force .
She smiled and said not so soon Dreamer , I will take a bath and freshen up first and then we start .
I said that I would accompany you .
She smiled and said wait for some time I will finish my body massage and then you can join .
I said that I will help you in applying oil she said do you know how to apply .
Dear James
Let me introduce myself , I am Luis from Spain and I work as a civil engineer in a Spanish infraestructure company called Acciona .
I 'm 35 year old and lately I have been reading carefully all your letters .
I am so impressed with your post so I have just decided to get your last book ( and all the gifts , of course ... ) .
In fact , I know your book is going to help me to improve myself in lots of fields .
I completely agree with you , maybe each word you say .
I have a mortgage , a car , a degree , two children , a wife and lately I realized how I strive to make ends meet .
I usually earn between 50.000 € and 60.000 € each year and it is never enough , I do n't have a financial security .
My company is making redundancies and I am always worried about that .
The point is that I completely focus on my projects soI spend ten hours every day making a tremendous effort with my budgets , trying to increase benefits and I am doing well .
I manage risky projects and eventually I get high revenues .
I often think what happened if I would make all these effort on my own business ?
For this reason I am reading your book and listening to your podcast .
I will keep reading and listening to you .
Best
Luis
Dear Jo ,
I am happy to know that you are coming to my country this summer to travel and work .
The place you must visit is the islands !
The islands in my country are clean and beautiful .
Most of the islands are available to snorkel , so if you are going to snorkel , you will have the chance to see many different types of marine organisms like corals , fish and shells .
There are also many historical building in my country .
You can see how the building built in the olden days there .
You can also shopping at the modern buildings and watch the beautiful scenery from the high building .
Food ! You must try the varies food in my country as the food are delicious and special .
As you know , my country is made up of different races so there are many different traditional food in my country so you can try different cuisins like banana leaf rice and hainanese chicken rice .
As for work , you can find a job at my cousin 's office because they are hiring people .
So , these are the advices I can give you , hope that it can help you when you come to my country .
I am looking forward to see you in my country .
Yours sincerely ,
Yuki
My favourite film
Films do not occupy a great time of my spare time .
When I am not doing my homework and am not learning English , I like watching a film .
Sincerely , I found it very difficult to choose the best film .
There are many interesting films with valuable plots and famous actors .
Most of them are extremely interesting and worth seeing it .
They deserve to be in the top one hundred .
But finally I have decided to vote for one of them .
My favourite actor is Tom Cruise and consequently the best film I have ever seen was " Far away , far away " , where he plays starring role with his ex - wife Nicole Kidman .
I was impressed by the production because of the its valuable plot .
The story is about the love between two young people , poor man and rich and beautiful lady , who leaves her family .
She wants to try different way of life like the common girls .
Both , they pass through a lot of difficulties and lived poor life .
The aim of the two personages was to gain a piece of land in America .
They have taken part in a competition with riding horses .
Only faster competitors was given the land .
Of course , our tandem gain a piece of land .
The historic context is recreated in the film .
I recommend you to watch this film and I think you will no regret .
Most people in Bali rely too much toward their private vehicles hence they totally abandoned public transportation .
We can consider it as the main problem of traffic jam in the island .
They say , " there is no future for public transport , because travelling by car is so much more convenient " .
And for me , that 's totally non sense .
I believe that we can do it here .
In order to do that , it will cost us huge transformation .
Aside from a great blue - print of a well - organized transportation system , which covers a good 25 to 50 years planning , it also involves local culture .
It is definitely a hard job to do when we want to change People 's culture .
A conscience that a change is needed to create a better place for people to live should arise first .
People should be reminded that 50 to 100 people travelling in a bus will make the traffic so much better compared to have each two to four of them trap in car , in other words one massive transportation measure against twelve or more cars on the same road .
The next is an understanding of what we can do to nature by changing our transportation measure .
Imagine the energy that we can keep and pollution that we can stop .
We can change , we have to change for a better future .
The world is constantly changing and technology is advancing fast .
This affects people 's lives considerably , so we can say that in 50 years , the lifestyle will be completely different to what we have today .
We can say 50 years ago we had not thought to have technology currently exists , such as Internet , TV , smartphones , etc .
Also lifestyle was completely different , the industry had not developed technology that now allows you to be more efficient and several people did the work now can be done with a few of them .
So , if technology continues to advance as it has done until now , lifestyle will change too .
Perhaps in 50 years more , we will live in a world where technology makes our life much easier , but at the same time we will be depending on it .
Dear Jo ,
I was very surprised to hear that you want to spend your year off from university in my countrey and I am also extremely flattered .
As you asked for my advice I would suggest to get a job in summer because you said you would only want to work for about three months .
I would recommend a job as a waitress because you do n't need much experience , and I know you do n't have any , and if you get a job in summer as a result you 'll be at the beach most of the time and you can spend the rest of the year visiting other places .
My favourite places to visit are from the area I live in and I would strongly recommend those due to the fact that we can also meet and I would be delighted to see you again .
The place where I enjoyed myself the most was " the Bran Castle " also known as Dracula 's castle .
It 's one of the most beautiful castels , in my opinion , and it represents the most important thing this countrey is known for and that is Dracula .
He was actually one of the rulers of this countrey and he 's real name was Vlad Tepes .
The reason he used to kill people was because they did n't respect the laws .
Another attraction which is a unique one is " the merry cemetery".It is famous for the colourful paintings on the tombstones describing , in a very original way , the prson buried there and their lives .
It once was just a simple cmetery but now it is an open air museum .
And if you want to have some fun also there are some fastivals that you might enjoy .
They are quite big and a lot of important artist come .
The biggest one in the countrey is in the cty where I live threfore you 'll have a place to stay and for free .
I hope my advice was useful and I look forwored to seeing you next year the ,
Andreea
I have two different reasons to explain why I want to study again at BSC in Oxford .
The first reason is because I already have studied there three years ago and it was a wonderful experience , I met very nice people from all over the world , I improved my English level thanks to very skilled teachers and I really enjoy my stay in Oxford .
The second is a pragmatic reason I have a five year degree and I worked for two years in a medical devices company but now I am unemployed .
In Italy is quite hard to find a job at the moment and I want to try a work experience in the UK but it is necessary to become more confident with my English and that is what I hope to obtain from the IELTS course .
I already know that it could be tough , especially to be far from my family and my girlfriend , but it is something that I feel could be right for me , and for my career .
The thing that worries me most is to get used to the English weather !
Public transport is common means of transport used in many countries ; Usually transport people in mass from one location to another ;
However as the countries develop and economy grows and life change , people change and standards of life change too ; The interaction factors that lead people to have their own a car is depending and limiting on several factors ; There are also factors such as social and financial conditions that tend to influence people to have their own car instead to travel by public bus / train ; We should also consider the conditions of roads , access and traffic , giving an opportunity to people to opt and travel on own car or public transport ; In some countries there are separate lanes dedicated for public transport which help and facilitate the traffic on condition of heavy traffic ; With traffic technology solution owning a car is always better .
another factor we should consider is the public transport stops on the way to destination which require to plan and catch up public transport to avoid late arrival at your destination .
The subject , no future for public transport is ambiguous as the advantages and disadvantages are both consider on .
Welcome tourist :
This is a guide for you , I hope it can help you a little .
First at all , I want to explain the communication with the town ; a lot of people came by train , it is situated at the top of the town , is the best travel to yours because it is the most quickly , but proving that you prefer to come by bus , the bus stop is near the train station .
There are many shops around the town , for example we have one that where children can make teddy bears whereas the parents can see them from the restaurant ; many children said that it was the best place in the world .
For adults we have a little old museum , where you can live one day like sixty years ago , so If you never have been in one , you should go because it is not cost so much , besides the museum has a kinder garden for the kids .
Apart from that the town is near the beach , and there we have many restaurants where you can eat while you are watching the waves on the sea .
Our personal recommendation is the " Sir Hotel " is a muddy hotel because many years ago it had been a castle , as well you can sleep in the king bed and every night it has theatre where you can take a part in a play .
Dear Sir / Madam :
I am writing in reply to your advert , which was advertised in the local Newspaper on 31 May 2008 .
As you can see in the attached CV I have experience working with children of different ages .
During three years I babisitted my neighbor 's two daughters .
When I started they were of 3 and 6 years old and I loved to prepare crafts to do with them and usually I had to give them dinner .
In addition , the last three years I have been as voluntary in my tennis club , where I have developed different skills to organize activities , sports games and competitions for children from 6 to 14 years old .
I am an energetic , positive and outgoing person .
I enjoy doing whatever kind of sport with my friends .
Working with children I have learned to be more patient and moreover I am able to motivating them to do the best of themselves .
Also I have gained communicational skills speaking with the children and the families .
In order to work in the kitchen I am a really good cook and I used to help my parents every weekend .
Finally , although I usually speak Spanish , my second tongue is English .
Without doubts I am the person you are looking for and it is a job that I would be very excited to have .
I look forward to hearing from you ,
Sincerely
Susana .
Public transport is a useful way to commute from place to place , especially in big cities .
Besides its advantages are cheap and fast there are many disadvantages of taking bus or train such as time , quality of serving , and crowdedness .
it is said that instead of taking public transport , commuters will travel by car because of its convenience . in my opinion ,
public transport will be hardly replaced by travelling by car .
First of all , Public transport is used by many people who do not have cars like students and workers . They can afford to buy tickets .
For example , my student time , I used to take busses to go to school every day and come back home .
Secondly , The infrastructure in the big cities is not sufficient for all the cars .
Traffic jams always happen in the rush hours when there are so many cars on the road .
Fossil fuel is running out of resource .
It makes the petrol 's price increasing every day .
It has been affecting to the environment like climate change , increasing droughts , and flooding areas thanks to increasing the demands of using petrol for private cars .
In conclusion , public transport would be the excellent transportation method for the increasing demands of commuting .
Introduction
The aim of this report is to examine the available local transport usage and possible improvement .
Currently , the local transport available are buses and taxis .
Buses in need of repair
The most used public transport is the Bus .
The town is covered with more than thirty lines most of them with a duplicate performing the same path on the opposite direction .
However , Buses are mostly used by very young people and old people .
Children often use them to go to and back from school , and the older population , with increased problems seeing far away , prefer to use the bus to travel around the city .
In my opinion , the biggest problem with buses is that they are becoming very degraded , and in desperate need of repair .
Most of them do n't have air conditioning , meaning that in the summer they are tremendously hot , and some have problems with the windows that cause the bus to be extremely cold in winter .
The alternative - Taxis
For the average middle - aged person the logical option is to use a taxi .
Taxis are available throughout the city , and can be called by a simple phone message .
The bad side with taxis is that they are still very expensive , with all the extra taxes and different zones .
Recommendation
There have been rumors of the contruction of a Metro in our town .
That would be an excellent alternative to the current means of transportation , since they are fast , are n't affected by traffic , and they are generally cheaper ( since they rely on electricity ) .
Another option would be to create a system to rent bicycles ; this has been done in many cities with great results .
Hi David ,
that 's amazing , I just wanted to write you an sms and at the same time I 've received an email from you !
It 's great that your college mates want to visit South Bohemia .
I love this place so much !
I 'll recommend them lots of jewels that could be interesting for them for sure .
First of all , if they are staying in České Budějovice , they can spend there at least three days with sightseeing .
Anyway they must visit our main square with many historical buildings .
They can climb on " Black Tower " and listen to singing from the town hall .
There is a huge number of shops in the centre so what about doing shopping ? Sightseeing in this town is for tourists very convenient because they can reach everything on foot .
If the weather is nice , they could definitely take a trip to Kleť .
It 's the biggest hill where you can go on the lookout tower and it 's not far from České Budějovice .
There is an interesting observatory too and what 's more the best restaurant I have ever been in .
They must definitely order the best soup in the world .
The best way to get there is by car .
Český Krumlov is worth seeing as well .
There 's a pleasant historical centre and a monumental castle placed on the big rock .
They can see there 2 brown bears and lots of souvenirs shops too .
You can take a bus there .
I hope your friends'll be satisfied with my tips .
If you want to know more about the destination , just write me a message or give me a call .
All the best , Ivana
The statement given in the rubric proposes an issue of the future of pulic transport in developed countries .
I do n't agree with this viewpoint due to several reasons .
First of all , vehicles designed to carry large number of people can not be unnecessary in big cities .
Modern megapolises are suffering from surplus of automobiles .
It happens not only because of environmental aspect , but mental as well .
Regular citizens seem to be tired of eternal traffic jams and yards , filled with parked cars .
Thus , it is absolutely possible wish of average person , who spends most of the time in downtown , to replace a car for a bus or an underground .
The main reason is general fatigue from the huge number of vehicles around .
Secondly , taking into account of long - distance trips can not be avoided .
Whatever type of journey you took , you would be more likely to prefer using train or plane , because it would be much more convenient and would not demand any physical tension .
Mental one can not be excluded , but that is the different question .
Overall , there are a number of causes to disagree with the suggestion , that individual transport is getting more and more popular in comparison with public .
The only thing , that definitely should be changed in the future , is an approach to usage of cars powered by gasoline .
Near The Roquetas Concert Hall , it can be found a Japanese restaurant named " Ichiban " , opened a few years ago , it 's not well known yet , but this does n't prevent that quickly gets busy at the weekends at lunch time .
Although sometime it might be rather noisy , because of the people gathered there , I find its decor quite attractive and , as usual in this kind of restaurants , relaxing .
The staff is charming , helpful and pleasant as well .
However , it might be that you had to wait a while for your food to be served , but worth it .
You can choose from a variety of dishes in their menu - sushi , maki , " etc .
Different kinds of sashimi are offered - of mackerel , sea bass , octopus , butter fish .
The sashimi of salmon is my favourite one .
I have to mention the soups , especially the seafood soup .
Delicious !
It deserves to be mentioned the great variety of rice and noodles - with chicken , beef , prawns , vegetables .
All dishes are served with a careful presentation , are highly creative and very attractive to the eye .
A negative point of the restaurant , in my view , is the lack of a dessert menu .
As a conclusion , I recommend visiting " Ichiban Restaurant " , you 'll have the chance of enjoying a delicious meal in a certainly agreeable atmosphere .
Reflective Writing
I have done to take responsibility for my own learning .
Independent learning has become an indispensable part of finishing tertiary - level education successfully .
However , traditional teaching method , force - feed the students , has made me overly dependent on teachers in China , which has led me to follow teachers indiscriminately .
Compared with EAP course , it tend to be taken responsibility for finishing assessments independently , especially for academic writing .
Firstly , it was too difficult for me to hand in assessments on time , because I used to spend too much time on playing games without teachers supervision , so that I always did not have enough time for finishing academic assignments independently .
By this trend , I have became a procrastinator finally , which enabled me to face the problems of time management .
In this sense , the term , " time management " means the ability of controlling time on prioritizing tasks , and planning effective scheduling of time to balance study and work , and keeping concentration on motivating yourself to learning towards a goal ( Academic Skills Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Develop a strategy in studying is vital .
Rowh ( 2006 ) states you will stay up late for accomplishing assessments before the deadline is due without planning in advance .
Therefore , the best way is leaving 30 minutes everyday for reading and beginning to read at once .
Based on examining my actual experience and research , I noticed that a gap , unsuccessful time management in independent learning is the root cause of these problems .
Then I made a few conscious changes that I began to manage duration for finishing my homework ahead of some weeks , as well as stopping procrastinating in the most important areas of my life .
As an independent learner , it is my sole responsibility to autonomic learning , which is a very important factor in future passing EAP1 successfully , as well as giving me an advantage in terms of coping with the challenges of future Bachelor of Nursing in Australia .
The most historical place in Spain , it is the city of Cáceres .
It is in the south of Spain , there the weather is warm .
Cáceres is visited for many tourist every year .
Moreover , there are many things to see and do here .
At the beginning of the 7th century , Cáceres was conqueted by the Arabs .
They spent five centuries here .
At the end of the 14th century , Cáceres was conqueted by the Romans .
Therefore it is a multicultural and multirracial society .
On the other hand , Cáceres are divided in two main areas , the new city , which has modern and high buildings .
As well as the historical city , it is short and narrows streets .
The center of the historical city is the Big Square , there are mixed Arabs and Romas buildings , and two cathedrals .
The most important palace is Jorge 's palace .
Jorge was a kind , who won an important battle against Arabs .
To sum up , if I have to recommend a place , I will recommend Cáceres .
For several reasons .
In the first place , people are really fun and friendly .
In the second place , you would learn the history of Spain on these streets .
In the third place , this year Cáceres is the capital of the gastronomy in Spain .
My favourite restaurant is Chinnesse .
In Caceres we can eat Chinnesse food in Food house .
Some people do n't like this food , but in this restaurant you can eat other types of food , for example Spanish food and Mexican food .
The atmosphere in this restaurant is very good and very clean .
This restaurant is very big , we would n't have a problem .
Waitress and waiters are very friendly and funny .
This restaurant is buffet , we paid 15€/person and we can eat and drink all that you want .
From my point of view , this restaurant have one drawback , the waiters and waitress do n't go on the table , you should go to your food and drink .
I love this restaurant , the food is very delicious .
In this set of materials , the listening passage discusses advantages of alcohol and how they contribute to improve health , and personality and the reading contradict this by revealing down side of it .
In the listening passage , the professor discusses the advantages of alcohol and how it helps to reduce heart attacks and strokes by 40 percent , due to the fact that it reduce blood clot , and slowing the deterioration of brain function .
In addition , moderate drinking helps to keep healthy movement , because some researches has shown that people who drink moderately have less proportion of body fat , because alcohol speed up metabolism which makes calories burn quickly .
Moreover , it is stated that people who drink moderately have positive social behavior which means that they are more likely to establish contact than non - drinker , and they are more social , popular and they are likely to be married .
On the other hand , the reading contrast this by mentioning disadvantages of alcohol .
Firstly it is stated that alcohol lead to weight gain , because it has more calories per gram than any other drink , and it is mentioned in the passage that you need to walk a mile to lose calories of glass of wine .
Furthermore studies have shown that alcohol induce appetite which makes people consume more than they need .
For example researchers have found that belly fat is related to alcohol .
Second , alcohol can cause some serious health issues , especially cirrhosis of the liver , heart failure , brain damage and variety of cancers .
Third , alcohol takers tend to aggression and violence .
In fact studies shows that 86 percent of all homicides and 60 percent of sexual assaults , are linked to alcohol
With the development of globalization , there are varieties of impacts for different aspects of daily life .
People also have a discussion of its advantages and disadvantages .
This essay will describe both positive and negative influences of transportation in China by some examples .
Firstly , there is a benefit of globalization that people can buy some special products from various countries on the internet instead of buying in the production site .
So transportation of goods has become an important link for both the public and businesses .
In recent years , there are some different size of logistic companies have been hold , and different modes of transportation has developed rapidly .
For example , in the past the main transportations were ships , trains and trucks , so people had to wait long time for their parcels and letters .
However , now the increasing number of consumers and logistic companies has chosen airplanes which can save much time to transport their parcels .
Secondly , there is still a disadvantage of globalization on transportation in China .
The reason is that the development of globalization has let our country improve its economy .
However , because of the increasing standard of living , a growing number of people have chosen to travel which has brought a heavy pressure of transportation .
So in order to transport a huge number of visitors who are not only foreigners but also native people , the government and experts have to think some different ways to solve this problem .
For example , some cities like Beijing and Hangzhou have to limit the number of cars which come for traveling to decrease the pressure of transportation in sight spots and city centre .
In conclusion , globalization on the transportation has brought both positive and negative effect to Chinese people .
So in my opinion , people need to find right ways to let globalization push the standard of our living whereas discussing its advantages and disadvantages .
Bra is a small village of Italy and it is also my town .
Bra really takes care of the environment .
If you visit it you will probably appreciate all the innovations applied to save our environment .
For example all the members of the town council use bikes so they are a good example to all citizens .
So if you want a bike , to move easily , you have to make a card which allow you the access to all bikes situated in specified places in the city .
In my town cars do n't pollute .
They have green engines .
These engines use bio fuels so the environment is not affected .
I am really proud of my city because there are few .
I think if we want to protect our environment starting from the little things .
Nowadays it 's very important to be bilingual .
Speaking just your native language is not enough to work or to travel .
Moreover If you want to find good job you must able to speaking two or three language without any problem .
You should speak accurately and also fluent .
I know to speak three language .
My native language is Catalan because I 'm from Valencia .
Also I know Spanish and besides I 'm learning English right now .
I 'm living in Worcester one city from England .
I 'm au pair .
The last year I was in Poland and I could see how was important to speak English , with this idiom you can communicate with other people , no just English people if not with around the world .
When I was a child I did n't understand why I needed to learn English but now I can see how important it is , for this reason I 'm motivated to learn .
On the other hand I love travelling and in case that you know several language all will be easier .
You could understand the guide , the sign ...
you could enjoy a lot and learn more about different cultures .
On the contrary to learn language take a long time and you need to be patient .
Moreover the languages courses can be expensive in my opinion the best thing that you can do is move into other country it would be easier to stay motivated because you need to learn it to find a job or to make friends .
As far as I can see , it 's important to know languages no just your mother language .
I encourage everybody to learn languages .
It could be nice and give you more opportunity to do whatever you want and do n't lose heart at the beginning could be difficult but bit by bit you will see your progress .
With thousand years of built and fight for the liberty of our nation , we can be proud of our history .
Vietnam is a small country but had defeated two big nations which wanted to turn Vietnam into their colony .
With strong patriotism , Vietnameses nowadays are trying to develop the nation , to get in the globalization progress .
However , as a resident of the country , we can not forget about the history and about our ancestors services rendered to the nation as well as our culture and ideology .
As a reward for their efforts .
Each nation has their own historical places , Vietnam is not an outcast , we also have many historical places which help the younger generations to understand throughout about the past .
Those places will help them to take a close look about the root of our nation and learn how to appreciate our culture , custom and tradition .
We can mention many places such as Sword Lake , Hỏa Lò prison , Temple of Literature ...
Today , I will mention about one of the iconic places of Vietnam which you can not miss when travel to Vietnam .
It is Temple of Literature , the first university of the nation .
Temple of Literature was built in 1070 under the Ly 's dynasty .
In spite of wars and the destruction of time , Temple of Literature is still preserved in good shape until now .
We can still see many ancient structures which show the main trend of architecture at that time .
As many other Asian country , in the past , we were greatly influenced by the ideology system of Confucius , a philosopher from China .
He built up a system which based on 4 essential relationships in the society .
The lessons that scholars at that time were received , most of them were about his ideology .
Otherwise , they learned mostly about literature , poetry .
We can briefly describe the overall structure of Temper of Literature which consists of six parts .
Firstly , there were 3 main gates , the center one only for the king , the left side one was for administrators , the right site one was for military .
Scholars only could enter by a small gate from aside .
Then there are five courtyards from the first one to the fifth one from outside to inside .
One remarkable , featured point about Temple of Literature is the people who passed 4 rounds of examination , then gained position titles would be graved their names on the stone grave carried on stone turtles .
Right at the moment entering , you can see them from two sides of the courtyards .
Temple of Literature is a hollow place for students even now .
Before the university entrance examinations , many students come here and wish for their luck .
Temple or Literature ( or Imperial Academy ) can be seen as the most featured historical place in Vietnam .
It contains not only the history but also the culture , customs also it is the first official institute which you can not miss out .
I do a lot of sports for example : cycling , karting , football and basketball but my favourite sport is swimming because I have done this sport since 1995 with my grandfather .
I love swimmming because if you are angry or your job is very stressful , you will feel well after thirty minutes on a pool .
Also , you meet a lot of people while you practise sport .
This is a relaxing sport because while you are swimming you can think in your life .
Other good point about this sport is that you should move all part of your body .
Actually , this sport is very healthy , so some doctors are recomending this type of sport .
You can do different sports on the pool for example : swimming , water aerobics , Olympic diving or diving .
If you begin to practise this sport , you should wear goods snorkeling glasses and you should warm up five minutes before you get into the pool .
Besides , you can have could shower after and before that you do swimming , this is good because your body temperature is hotter than the water of the pool and if you get into the pool very fast you can have a problem with your body temperature .
Topic : Mt . Fuji
In Japan , there are many interesting places to visit .
For example , Kyoto is a popular place to visit because it has a lot of invaluable temples .
Sapporo is an attractive place because raw fish and vegetables are fresh and nice to eat .
Among these places , Mt .
Fuji is the most wonderful place in Japan because its scenery is so beautiful , it is a popular place and it offers several exciting activities .
The first reason is Mt .
Fuji has very beautiful scenery .
For instance , in winter , Mt .
Fuji changes to a white face by snow .
The white Mt .
Fuji is very beautiful , so it has been the subject of countless works of art such as the ' Thirty - six Views of Mt. Fuji ' , a series of " ukiyo - e " paintings by Hokusai .
Also , in summer , almost all the snow on Mt Fuji melts and it changes to brown and green colors .
At a summer sunset , Mt .
Fuji is so majestic that many pictures and paintings have been done of Mt .
Fuji at sunset .
Depending on the season , Mt .
Fuji makes various beautiful sights and it always fascinates many people .
The second reason is that Mt .
Fuji is a popular mountain .
People who come here are so many .
A lot of travelers and climbers come to climb the mountain and more than 200,000 people climb to the top of Mt .
Fuji in a year .
In addition , many cameramen and painters come to record the beautiful landscape of Mt .
Fuji .
Also , many observers of weather , stars or space come here , since this is an important place to observe weather , stars and space .
The last reason is that Mt .
Fuji offers several exciting leisure activities .
Climbing to the top of Mt .
Fuji is allowed in late July and August .
To climb to the mountaintop is not easy because the height is more than 3,700 meters .
However , numerous climbers come to experience seeing the very beautiful view such as the exquisite rising sun from Mt .
Fuji .
Besides , a marathon takes place ever year .
This marathon is very hard due to severe conditions of low oxygen and a steep slope , so people who are proud of strong body try this marathon .
Furthermore , around Mt .
Fuji , there are five beautiful lakes and many hot springs .
These offer a camping , fishing , cruising , and taking a hot spring bathing with a nice view .
Enjoying an activity with a nice view is relaxing to people .
Japan has a lot of good places for relaxing , but the best place is Mt .
Fuji .
Mt .
Fuji has beautiful scenery , it is popular and it offers exciting activities for people .
Mt .
Fuji will continue to give wonderful impression to many people forever .
Story
The doorbell ran .
When I opened the door imagine my surprise as there was nobody standing .
NO one at all .
I could only feel a hot , smelly stream of wind . '
There must have been a naughty child ' I thought without worrying .
Later on the week I was doing the dishes when the kitchen door suddenly opened for no reason however I felt the same hot wind in my face and the same funny smell .
That was when I first started to believe that something wrong was happening at home .
The next time it happened to me such a thing I felt no wind but this particular stink .
It was as if somebody was cooking some cauliflower .
At that time I was unemployed so I was n't able to move house and as I was n't afraid of it I had to put up with those strange events .
So I decided not to pay any attention to it and carry on with my normal life .
Now I have to admit that I have a problem I am sharing home with a ghost or two but I do n't mind as long as he or she leaves me alone .
My name is Cristina and I am 19 years old . I think I am the suitable person because I have been working with children for quite long .
My parents both have been working since I was 12 so I had to take care of my little sister , who is four years younger than me .
Moreover , I love spending time with children .
For this reason I have been doing three courses during this year .
These are quite interesting and have helped me to know deeper children 's pleasures .
I have learnt a lot of activities which let them have fun at the same time they get in touch with nature .
I am able to cook some delicious dishes too .
My grandmothers used to run a restaurant and she taught me some Italian recipes .
I have to practise more , but I think I am qualified enough to do this activity .
I am available all summer so I could start to work whenever you would need to .
I would like to know as soon as possible whether you are hiring me since I have to look for a cheap and good qualified air company which I can afford .
Please contact me if you needed any more information about me .
Best wishes .
Good afternoon .
My name is John , I 'm twentynine years old and I live in Romania .
This month on the 9'th I 'm going to have an oral and writing examination on my English language knowledge .
The English language is a foreign language for me , but I have studied it for ten years and hopefully I will manage to pass the exam .
I am particularly concerned about my speaking skills and I hope I will not be so nervous in front of the teachers .
The exam is assumed to be on professional matter .
Subjects like passport , travel document , third country citizen , inhuman treatment or punishment will be the main criteria to the exam .
I have three more days to prepare myself better , but to be honest I 'm not in the mood of studying .
I 'm going to travel all the way to the capital of my country , approximately three hundred and fifty kilometres .
I called a girl who is a colleague of mine from another airport .
She said she will join me for the exam .
In fact she will also participate in the exam .
Hopefully I will pass the exam and will attend the English course for a month .
Afterwards I will have the right to take part to the intarnational missions for maintaining the peace under the patronage of the European Union .
I wish to come back happier .
Dear Ms / Mr ,
I am writing in regard to the environmental problem you are researching .
First of all , I am going to present to you some general information about the environment in our village .
- Our village has only 200 citizens , therefore the amount of rubbish produced in year is insignificant to the environment in our area .
- There in a recycling facility near our village and 80 percent of the rubbish is being recycled .
- 60 percent of the houses in the village have solar panels .
Secondly , I am going to inform you on how our citizens are tryinq to keep the area clean .
- There are cleaning campagnes twice a year .
- There are separate rubbish bins for plastics , metal and glass in the whole area .
Lastly , I am going to explain how is our village kept attractive .
- Last year there was a campage for renewing and repairing the most attractive parts of the village .
All the important buildings and monuments had been cleaned and repainted .
In conclusion , I would say that our village is an example for environmentally conscious city .
I hope this report informed you fully on the environmental situation in our villge .
Sincerely yours ,
Kalina Yevtushenkova .
Report : How Budapest takes care of its environment ?
It 's very hard to organise a big city 's rubbish delivery system and to keep the city clean .
In connection with the first issue , Budapest completes the task very well .
In Budapest the rubbish is collected separetely .
In the new buildings there are usually dustbins for each material ( glass , plastic , etc . ) , and around the older buildings there are more and more separate dustbins .
So , almost everybody , who lives in Budapest , has the chance to use this form of rubbish collection .
It would be logical that we recycle the garbage as much as possible , and there are factories , where they use this technique , but in Budapest we usually do n't use much recycled goods recently .
And it is a serious problem , because in the not so distant future we wo n't be able the handle the garbage - it wo n't be enough space where we could deposit that .
An another ( one could say the most ) important question about a capital city is : how clean is it ?
In that area Budapest accomplishes very awful .
In spite of the number of the cleaners , the town is dirtier than Vienna or Prague .
Naturally it 's mainly depends on us : if we could put our garbage into the dustbin , instead of letting it on the streets , it would be easier to keep it clean .
However , it would n't be impossible to collect the rubbish and clean the streets more often - it 's just a matter of organisation .
Since yoga entered my life I try to change my common view of many things .
My lifestyle is among them .
Ecological situation is seriously bad not only in my city but in my country in general .
Rubbish recycle is the biggest problem in Kyyiv in my opinion .
All the rubbish is taken to the huge dump a few kilometres off the city .
What a smell !
But people mostly do n't care about it .
We keep on generating rubbish and using harmful things .
Still we use plastic bags and bottles , phosphate detergents , throw batteries away .
Not to mention diapers and sanitary towels , paper napkins and many other things .
Unfortunately we do n't separate rubbish .
Can you imagine why ?
Because recycling is hardly developed here , in Ukraine .
There 's no factories and plants to recycle all these materials , though we 've already got special yellow bins for paper and glass in the city streets .
For a very long time I 've been doing my best to separate rubbish and then , it was really bright summer morning , I saw that special yellow bin for paper and glass was emtied by the same car with the other rubbish ...
Yellows bins was carried away from our yard in a few days .
Once again there 's only one bin for every group of rubbish .
Dear Sir or Madam .
I have just read your advertisement at your page for recruitment people in summer camps all over the USA .
First of all I have provided experience working with children in that range of age .
I have taken courses about First Aid Kit even I am doing a course as a personnel training for children with some delay and disability .
Secondly , I have been working in a restaurant for more than five years .
Starting there , beginning as a dishwasher , being promoted until I got the main position as a Chef .
On my spare time I work in a non profit organization as a clown .
I have been learning English for 8 years after that I sat for FCE exam two years ago , as soon as I pass the exam , I start preparing a cetificate advance in English exam even more I could demonstrate my English skill , writing and spoken .
I have further professional and personal references .
Finally , I am suitable to have an interview if you consider positively my qualifications .
I will be waiting for your reply .
Yours faithfully ,
DANTE LOZANO .
The fact that " shopping is not always enjoyable " might be considered an universal truth .
Although it is true that shopping might not be a very interesting topic , it must be stated that it is necessary .
There are many different kinds of shopping : e.g. clothes , groceries , furniture , instruments , etc .
It all depends on what you are about to buy .
When it comes to clothes there are also different kinds of people , the ones who do it for necessity and the ones who do it for joy .
The former might not be so enjoyable whilst the latter , obviously , does it for enjoyable purposes .
Groceries and furniture , as well as instruments , follow the same pattern .
It all depends on the type of person buying it , their personality and a wide range of other characteristics which will not be covered now .
In last place , it is undoubtedly influenced by the place in which you are buying ( i.e. the room , the organization , the prices , the distance , etc ) and the unknown people who are in it which may cause trouble or facilitate your shopping and make it more enjoyable .
These factors will be explained in another occasion .
In conclusion , shopping might be both : enjoyable or not .
In order for it to happen , a range of different variables have to take place .
Although there are a lot of people who strongly believe the best way of travling around the city is by motorbike , there is also a big part of the society who is sure it has too many drawbacks to be worth buying one .
Owning a motorbike has advantages .
One very important positive aspect is that , thanks to the small amount of petrol it needs , the keeping of a motorbike is considerably economical .
In addition , as it is smaller than a car , parking becomes much less complicated .
Besides , for the same reason , it is easier to avoid traffic jams .
On the other hand , motorbikes do also have drawbacks .
For example , the lack of safety , which raises the probabilities of getting hurt if an accident occurs .
Another disadvantage this kind of vehicle has is the low number of passengers who can travel on a motorbike consequently not everybody finds it convenient or comfortable owning one .
In conclusion , owning a motorbike can be useful or useless depending on the lifestyle you have , your economic status , and the number of people you need to travel with .
Have you ever been in trouble , which type of transport you should take ?
I was , too !
Let 's imagine : you can choose between plane , train and boat .
If you must come a long way , then you 'll probably opt for travelling by plane ...
It 's a good idea , but ... I 've got an aviophobia !
It makes my every journey unpleasnt and I feel uneasy all the week before the flight .
But excluding cases like mine : flying is the fastest , the most safe and often the cheapest way to travel .
We can take a trip by boat .
But this mode of transport is n't so comfortable , esspecialy when we must travel onshore , then it 's complicated because travelling by boat is allowed only by the sea or any sizeable river , which courses are usually placed less conveniently than roads or even railway tracks .
In that case it indicates that my favourite way to travel is train !
For me it has some very important advantages , like that you do n't stand in traffics , reductions for students , low risk of accidents , potentiality of sleeping , eventuality of travelling with bike or other big luggage .
Most railway lines are quite spruce and for me , travelling by train is pleasure !
In my opinion , everything depending on our preferences , but train is general - purpose means of transport , I recommend it !
My favorite sport is badminton , which I have played for seven years and touched this sport when I was in junior high .
At first , I 'm not interested in it , since I did n't any idea how to play , as I had only played basketball and volleyball , however , I did n't enjoy these two at all .
Moreover , I also did n't like to do exercise which was tired and my strength was extremely weak that every time when measure 800 kilometers I always ranked the last three .
But when I decided to sit aside and chatted with my friends , one of my male friends , who has still kept in touch at present , asked me to play together .
After he got the reason why I did n't have any desire to play , he told me to give myself a try , and if I still did n't like it , he would't force me .
Then , he taught me how to play , for example , when hitting , used the strength of the whole arm and did not just used elbow , or you would feel tired shortly .
While playing , I rejoiced at this exercise , because I have never sweated so much and felt refreshed before .
The funniest thing to me was that I thought I were a kid who studied kindergarten for the way he taught .
When hitting ball back successfully , he would say ' ' good , keep going or you did it '' .
Hitting ball again and again , I learned I loved badminton unconsciously , which not only includes running but also concentrating .
Badminton is an easy sport that everyone can try , just focus on ball and hit it back .
In addition , before playing , must warm up your body and relax your muscle after playing in case suffered injuries .
Attn . : Mrs Kate Ashby
Manager of Green Pepper Cafe
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am writing to apply for a chance to work at weekends in your cafe as advertised .
I am now a housewife .
Cooking for my family is one of my hobbies , and I am therefore fond of finding different kinds of food .
In addition , having been equipped with my rather good English - speaking skills and cross - cultural communication skills obtained during the working time as a receptionist for a Canadian mining company , I feel very confident and amicable while dealing with customers .
Last but not least , I am willing to work for long hours if required .
With such qualities , I strongly believe that I will do this job very well .
Another reason I apply for this job is that it will be really a good chance for me to help partly increase my income at this time and improve my family 's living conditions .
I am looking forward to hearing from you as soon as possible .
Your consideration and acceptance of my application will be much appreciated .
Yours sincerely ,
Tong Sun Ku
The world where we live now is more suitable for young people , as many could say and prove , even though , in some countries , older people can have a decent life without depending on young people .
Unfortunately , the reality impels me to admit that young people has more opportunities to enjoy life because of all the technological advance that older people tend to not understand well .
Also , because of the fact that the urbanization have not helped most countries to adapt the cities into places more accessible to senior people .
The new technologies are something that we can not love without anymore .
But , unfortunately , the new gadgets can be very difficult to manage or master , especially for the part of the population who did not learn about them while they were children or students at the university ( older people ) .
I am one of the fortunate people who was born on the technological era , which means that I have had access to computers , gps and mobiles , for example , since I was a little child .
The technological equipment help me in my daily life in a way that I can no longer travel or even commute in my city without them .
The fact that these utensils are familiar for youth make them helpful and useful .
On the other hand , to someone who did not have these when they were more young and active , such as grandmothers and grandfathers , the new instruments are just things that they can not use nor understand .
The older people are limited in their abilities to use technology that could be valuable to provide enjoyable times at home , on the street , in a museum , etc .
Another transformation , which is corollary from the advances that humanity have been seeing lately , is the modification in the cities and our living habits .
Since last century , the world population is more present in the bigger cities , which , as a result , have been increasing in size and in problems .
The urbanization implemented by government across the decades in the cities are sometimes not suitable for all public .
For instance , older people or the ones with disabilities have great difficult to use the metro system because of the number of stairs .
My mother is a perfect study of case for me because she can not well the transportation system in Paris or New York without been lost and very tired from all the walking that she has to do when commuting .
The mobility of older people is certainly reduced if compared with a younger person .
Sometimes , the lack of solutions to the reduced capacity of movement around on big cities compels the older population to stay at home .
In this case , they do not have the possibility to go out and enjoy the benefits that cities may bring to their lives .
Therefore , the new technologies and the transformation in the cities are very beneficial for the younger part of the population who is capable of understanding how to manage the modern instruments and use all kinds of transportation .
On the other hand , for the older people , the modernisation that we experience is an obstacle for them to enjoy all that there are out there .
The Active Leisure Club
Introduction
The aim of this report is to give my opinion about the facilities and services the Active Leisure Clubs .
Facilities
In general the facilities are well preserved but the majority of the users think that the installation should have an improvement in the baskteball and tennis courts maybe the bathroom should be remodelled .
Advantages
The Club is located in the city centre and it 's very clean .
The workers are very kind and simpathetic and enjoy teaching .
In other words I could say that is the best Club I know .
Desadvantages
The activities are expensive .
I believe that it would be a good idea to fall in the cost of some activities .
Curiosly the Club is closed On Saturday evenings and on Sunday .
However , the majority of users want to use the Club at weekends and to spend their free time here .
Recommendations
It 's recommend improving the facilities , falling in the price and opening every day until 10.00 p.m.
Since car was invented , we have been seeing a large increase of cars ' production and of its use .
In early days , public transport system was n't very efficient , as it was in its beginning .
There were few buses and they would take to long , therefore waiting time was quite high .
However , as time went by , improvement has been made in public transport .
Nowadays , they got modern and comfortable and they are n't as late as they used to .
Travelling by car might be more pleasant but it can also be costly , for fuel can be very expensive depending on the current economy .
With regards to traffic , travelling by public transport can also be quicker , as there is a bus lane and no traffic for tube .
However , over the past years , people have been travelling mostly by car which seems to have led to higher levels of air pollution .
This is undoubtedly an important environmental issue that should definitely have our attention .
In spite of all campaigns aiming the less use of the car but more of the public transport , people still seem to prefer to travel by car .
Celebrities and their life take intrinsic place in lifes of contemporary people .
The process of becoming this fact real and common in our society began about 100 years ago and what is really absorbing , nearly 95 percent of advanced society can not imagine the world without any kind of information about famous people and their existence at all .
The question is if it is good to take a leaf out of their book and I am going to talk around it .
It is good to have your unique value system , but the stories about people who have been doing good affects you and your future decisions .
Probably if you hear about heroic attitude you will be able to do without doubts something magnificent as well .
In this way I think that is good to look up to some celebrities who are righteous .
The second thing is that if you are in trouble you 'll feel better than usual because of well - known dramas based on factual stories which happened to the famous people .
How the English say : better the devil you know .
There are dangers which appear because of overthinking about stars and comparing yourself to them - it is called low self - assessment .
Even if you would like to be up to date with the latest news from celebrities ' private life and professional career you have to remember that the media distorts reality .
If something is n't catchy will not catch the poeple attention .
The press editors often alter details thereupon they get selling well material .
If you believe that the media says true you are wrong .
To sum up , I believe that it is really important to strike a balance and keep it during your whole life .
Of course you can look up to the celebrities but you have to be aware of the consequences .
Each kind of guiding light help us , but the most important is to choose the right and accurate person .
INTRODUCTION
The aim of this report is to describe Schedrin 's School of arts for children and youth .
It is one of the best places in our town where teenagers can develop their artistic skills .
GOOD POINTS
The school provides lots of different activities for those who are interested in music , drawing , dance and theatre .
Students are taught by the highly qualified staff .
More than that , all the classes are free .
The atmosphere at school is very creative .
During the whole school year a great number of exhibitions , concerts and performances are given by pupils themselves and by invited musicians and artists as well .
BAD POINTS
The worst thing about the school is that not everyone can be accepted to study there .
Children have to take entrance examination .
The other thing is that students are not able to refuse attending some classes they do not like because those are considered to be a part of an educational standard for the particular artistic area .
CONCLUSION
It is definitely worthwhile to study there , although it is advised to let students choose the activities they prefer .
phenomenon of homeless people became a serious problem and many countries can not solve this problem .
The number of these people is increasing not just in the developing countries but all over the world .
In my opinion , homeless people are victims because nobody wants to live without a shelter .
First of all , being without home is a horrible problem .
One of the major reasons for this problem is wars especially in the Arab countries like Syria , Libya and Yemen .
Everyday on news We see the refugees who are in a miserable condition .
They live in tents that do not protect them of cold weather or dangerous insects .
They do not have enough food .
In addition , financial crisis , almost of the companies has a financial problem so the ideal solution for them is downsizing .
After a while the people who are laid off will not have enough money to live , and they will become homeless people .
Furthermore , children street is a result of families troubles .
Cases of divorce are increasing and many children escape and prefer to live in the street instead of home full of problems .
As opposed to the idea above , some people believe that homeless people are criminals and they cause danger on our society because they need money and food so they can steal or kill for this .
To conclude , the world has a complicated issue , so The governments and the charitable organization must take a quick decision and put a real solution to solve this problem .
The homeless people are human beings and they must take their rights in life .
Just pull yourself together , Tom !
After the second false start you 'd be disqualified and then you can kiss victory goodbye , - that 's how I mentally tune myself , - Take it easy !
There is a four hundred distance and ten barriers ahead - that 's where you 'll show what you got .
I wo n't lose , not this time .
I look around tribunes : there are n't so many people despite the fact that today an Australian Hurdle Champion of the season will be defined .
Well , may be it 's for the best - less pressure .
Although whom am I deceiving ... - I 'm thinking and nervously stretching out stiff neck .
- The pressure is so high that it can be used as a gasoline to fly to Space .
Six other sportsmen are shaking like minnow grounded by chance .
I must be looking like them from the side .
Everyone 's nervous except for Jerome Tanny , last years champion famous for his threatening prestart grin , that we all call " Shark 's Smile " .
Tanny is a human - rocket that 's warming up on a neighbor track line .
I know that my old man Navarro is the one to have sweaty hands now !
Even from here I can see his anxious look and the way he 's fidgeting on a bench .
That 's strange but before the start my thoughts as if an old steam locomotive are going to those depths of memory which really hard to get to in ordinary life .
Owing to the increase of population , human beings use more land to build houses , which leads to the decline of forest rates .
The large - scale building projects do let human have homes , but not the animals .
Thousands acres of forests to be destroyed , letting the climate change .
Our cities put off to much carbon dioxied , making the gobal warmer .
Thus , the winter becomes colder , and the summer becomes hotter .
The change of climate leads a lot of terrible things to breaking out .
The floods , droughts , and famines , all of these making great effects to human and animals , for instance , the loss of properity , the missing of people , which is not good for the development of human beings .
For one thing , animals do not have homes , so some of them become endangered species , worse still , dying out .
For another thing , human will be hard to get close to the nature , and the noises of cities will do harm to human 's health .
I think that efforts must be taken quickly to protect our homes by goverments .
Firstly , the population should be controlled , if human still increase rapidly , there is no more room for human .
Secondly , governments should teach their people how to protect the environment , such as destroying the farmland too much is a bad choice .
Thirdly , reserves should be put up to provide room for animals , and we can help the endangered animals in this way .
Finally , governments should ues the space properly , like making plans before set up building , estimating the effects to human and animals .
Yesterday , I was asked to write an article about my favorite sport .
My favorite sport is running .
Yes just running .
Most people would say that running is just the most annoying sport ever .
They would just do if they have to .
But I enjoy myself so much doing this sport even if it 's just running around .
Running keeps you fit in two ways as you get your body and you mind active and healthy .
Going for a run is the best way to get your mind free and to think about nothing .
Moreover , your brain gets oxygen and your body gets movement .
Your blood is now able to circulate easily through your vanes .
I do n't mind that everyone complains about how awful running is .
Running will ever be my favorite sport !
Dear camp director ,
I think I can be the right person for this job , I 'm really patient and I really liove to be with kids , play with them and taking care of them , I always have fun with them .
I have 6 youngest brothers , 4 girls and 2 boys and everytime my parents go out for a job interview , dinner , to the movies , etc .
I always stay home and take care of them , I invent games for them to have fun and they also can learn with them , sometimes I take them to the sports club I work on , I 'm a swimming teacher and on my freetimes on the afternoon I 'm with them in the pool having fun , playing and teaching them to swim .
I also know a lot of cooking because in junior high I took cooking leassons and I learned a lot of variety of plates and snaks .
Ihope you consider me for this job .
Thankyou for your time , have a good day !
Paulina
Dear Barbara .
What a great new !
I am very keen on PC games too .
What game are you playing ?
We should meet online to play together .
Do you know " Steam " ?
It is a great online shop where you can save a lot of money .
In fact you probably spend more money than you save , because you will want to buy all their catalogue .
Regarding your question I am playing " Trine 2 " since last week .
I recommend it to you .
It has wizards , witches , knights , thieves , goblins , but it make you think too .
Wishing seeing you soon .
Faithfully yours .
My favourite sport are slalom .
Most of the people I know do n't know what you are doing if you are training slalom .
But I am going to tell you about it .
Let 's get started with the basics .
Your position .
To ski well you need do push your body forward .
It should be a strait line trough your toes , knees and shoulders .
You need to use your muscles in your stomach to stay in the right position .
Another thing that is important is the angle .
The body parts that help you to get a big angle is your toes , knees , hips and shoulders .
A turn starts with your toes , and then your knees and then your hips .
When you start training in course you need to think about were you turn .
You should do the turn before the stick so you can start next turn right after you pass the stick .
The best thing with this sport is the feeling .
The wind blowing in your hair , the speed and that you have control of what is happening .
It also fun because you can notice that you are getting better all the time .
Personal experiences
In the first place I tell you who are the most important people in my life .
This is a question that I struggle to answer , but I have to claim the most important person in my life was and is my marvellous father .
He led me through the branch of life and taught me to know how is the best way to follow .
He is always on my mind even though he is not physically .
My mother always helps me to choose the best option too .
I must be honest and I have to comment about no less important people for me , as such my best friend .
His name is Pepe .
He is always with me even in the worst moment .
I still remember when I failed my last exam , although I passed it later .
He never left me alone .
He also cooks tasty meals and give me them .
We often go out together to the cinema , have a walk , do the shopping , meet our friends , etc .
We both enjoy being with a few close friends .
To sum up , I have to say there are too many people in my life , but few person so kind like I just mentioned .
In our modern life money has always been presented as something really important .
Many people think that you need much money to be happy .
My opinion is that a minimum of money is only necessary .
This should be enough to feel you happy like a comfortable blanket does .
It start with your work life .
At this moment you need money to acquire the necessary to build an happy life .
Without enough money you will not be able to be in good shape to work .
Also , if you get enough you will be able to acquire your own home to see your future family growing inside it .
One say that having money to buy the latest gadget feel you happy .
Actually , if it 's the case , the happiness will be only for a short time .
The time of the gadget fashion .
In conclusion , I 'm pretty sure that you do n't need much money to be happy .
You need just the necessary to get an happy long life .
The urban myth that statues could move makes the contemporary people frightened .
And the Doctor Who , Sci - Fi TV series of BBC , exteriorized this terror from the Weeping Angels .
They appeared first in Blink , one of the Doctor Who episodes .
After Blink was broadcasted , it raised common fears about statues to tele - viewers in Britain and over the world .
According to the recent polls in 2007 and 2012 carried out by the British magazine , Radio Times , the Weeping Angels were picked as the most scariest villain of the Doctor who twice by about half of respondents .
These results are interesting because Weeping Angels are not the old adversaries of Doctor , like the Daleks exterminating all organic and inorganic things in the whole universe or the Cybermen transforming all living things into cyborg .
Then , what makes the Weeping Angels frightening ?
To figure out the factors , uncanny theory is used .
Uncanny theory explains an uncomfortable sensation originated from perceiving something familiar as unfamiliar .
This weird feeling is especially caused by experiencing something dead or non - living as life - likeness .
In Blink , Weeping angels ' uncanny traits and awkward backgrounds in the drama make audience have a scary and unfamiliar sensation .
It is hard to read the Weeping Angels ' thoughts and emotions from their ash - pale face .
They look unnatural , in spite of their similar appearances with human .
Usually , they tend to hide their face , since angels could not move free when they watch each other .
And expressions in their eyes are completely lacklustre , due to the deficiency of pupil .
Also , their facial expressions are almost flat as dead pans .
These factors make angels more grotesque psycho - pass assassin .
Then , it seems that these statutes might lose their spirits , only when they got our gaze .
By the way , the exterior traits of Weeping Angels are not enough to make people scared .
But when it comes to their interior factor , the uncanny feelings are maximised by turning unconscious physiological reaction into conscious one .
The angels move and attack free , only when people blink their eyes or turn around their sight away .
However , people blink their eyes several times a minute and they are hardly aware of blinking .
After the Doctor 's warning , they may not turn our back , look away , and blink as we are protagonists of the episode .
Because it seems like , if we do that , angels will come out from TV and attack us !
Then , strangely , blinking our eyes becomes conscious behaviour .
Moreover , there are good scene settings to make people not blink by immersing audience in that situation .
In several scenes , Weeping Angels , the lonely assassins , never shift their positions and postures , even though protagonists and supporting players blink , look away or turn their backs .
Why do they not move , even if their prey is near ?
The reason is that TV viewers watch them simultaneously .
To change the pose of the horrific statues technically , directors hide the angels by actors closing and opening the door or conceal the angels behind the actors through panning cameras horizontally , for a moment .
At last , directors fade out the scenes flicking out the light bulb in basement for maximizing the threat of Weeping Angels !
At last , Blink fills people with dread about the circumstances they live in by feeling unfamiliar .
After Sally , the heroine of Blink , takes the TARDIS key away from Weeping Angels in the deserted house , they shadow her quietly , as if they might be laid there for a long time .
For instance , the angels camouflage themselves as monument of tomb in grave yards , carvings of the cathedral on the streets , and ornamental carvings in front of an antique police office .
Consequently , it makes audience unfamiliar with their circumstances .
Then tele - viewers are terrified at the basis of their livelihoods and people grab up blankets tight !
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She began to study at the prestigious University .
Her family was very proud of her .
She was the first of her siblings to follow that path .
That was a great responsibility for her , as well as prestige .
Anna feared , that she would have difficulties to cope up with the expectations .
However , aquaintances of her , the students at the University , comforted her .
They assured Anna that she will be granted success due to her knowledge and diligence .
Moreover , her field of studies was medicine , which was her dream .
Her grandfather , first doctor in the family , was her authority .
The greatest wish of her life was to work alongside him in the hospital .
The first step was made .
From now on , Anna would have to direct her attention to making grandfather proud of her degrees .
She intended to prove that medicine is suitable field of study for her .
MY FAVOURITE SPORT
It seems that the most popular sport in the whole world is football because it keep all people united so that is why I love this sport and not only because of that , but it makes me feel very excited and it involves a lot of emotion as well then Do you enjoy watching or playing football ?
Surprisingly when you are practicing this sport you improve your velocity and coordination too , so it could be an interesting point to taking up if you are not involved in it .
Personally what I can say is that practicing this sports make me feel strongly lively and not only when I am playing it , it also happens when I am watching it especially during the world cup .
Curiously there are many ways for taking care of yourself when you are taking up this sport so what I advise you to do is do some exercise before you go in the pitch , so it not only prevent you to suffer from spraid or other kind of injuries but maintain you active to keep your game level .
I am encouraging to those people who do not like practicing sport that it the best way to maintain your own health
In Japan , there are many rules are set in the Sento .
They are usually aiming to avoid the hygienic problems .
Potential issues such as rule violation and conflicts may be arose because the foreigners may not understand the rules .
Japanese , as pointed out by Trompenaars ( cited in Morrison , 2006 ) , is highly influenced by the values of universalism .
Similarly , the high level of uncertainly avoidance and the low level of indulgence ( Hofstede 1994 ) cause the Japanese society seems to be obedient and self - disciplined .
The main reason for Japanese that they always follow the rules is to respect and hope not to cause any confusion to other users .
Also , Japanese think highly of the enjoyment of bathing in a clean environment .
As a result in Australia , conflicts may be caused due to the high level of indulgence and individualism in Australian culture ( Hofstede 1994 ) , people may usually emphasize in their self - satisfaction and think of themselves first instead of the public .
They may not consider the public interest and not give precedence to other users .
Consequently , the bathing pool may face the hygienic problems , such as someone does not wash before bathing , and scrambling issues .
In order to achieve cost efficiency , the choice of locations and decor must be thoroughly considered .
A location whether it has sufficient quantity of water or not is the essential consideration .
Rental cost is also a limitation as it is relatively higher in Australia .
Dear John ,
I am writing to recommend a place you should definitely visit while you 're in Poland .
The place I 'm writing about is Wawel Royal Castle in Cracow .
It is not only one of the most important monuments in the whole country but also a beautiful place to visit .
It is a majestical castle conviniently located on the river .
It 's a huge breath - taking complex of historical buildings and royal gardens .
The place is fascinating , because it is loaded with history and nice to spend a day and relax in royal gardens .
I also recommend going to the vaults under the cathedral , where since the 16th century many kings and famous Polish people have their graves .
The Wawel Royal Castle is an obligatory place to see , while visiting Poland .
It is well known in the whole of Europe and many foreigners are coming to Poland just to see the Cracow city and among other things the Wawel Castle .
I also thoroughly recommend Cracow in general as a place to visit , because it is beautiful , full of other worth - seeing monuments , cute small cafes , various choice of restaurants and vivid hotels with great views on the riverside .
I hope you will describe your impressions about the city after visiting it .
I 'm looking forward to a response from you .
Yours faithfully
Evidences show that many natural system have been affected by climate changes , particularly by temperature raises .
I think it is time we start taking environmentally friendly attitudes to help the planet .
First of all , as dioxides and carbons gases have been increasing ozone pollution worldwide in big cities , awareness campaigns should be promoted to highlight the alternative usages of transportation .
Also , the adoption of bicycles and walking , for instance , seems to be a responsible attitude to the planet .
In addition , water pollution is , as well , a global problem , as so many industries dump a large amount of waste into rivers and lakes and also human waste and rubbish end up in the water .
A solution could be done by improving recycling , waste disposal and even , by cleaning up shorelines .
Moreover , life may not be possible for the future generations , unless we start from now using renewable sources of energy , like green , to promote sustainability and improve energy efficiency avoiding side effects to the planet .
To conclude , I firmly believe that we can reduce damages and global warming by adopting environmentally friendly attitudes , as the use of green and clean energy sources .
During the lesson I have been very impressed by Socrative ( www.socrative.com ) , therefore I decided to devise a quiz about HTML and CSS .
I planned a mock test about the course followed by the students as homework ( they have been spending about two weeks studying the course ) .
Students do the check ( tablet or notebook , software ) .
The teacher asks the students to report about the check results .
Students log in the website
The teacher asks if there are any problems
Students do the test
At the end of the test , the teacher shows the results ( correct answers percentage for each student ) .
Students interact with the teacher during the revision .
The teacher ask the students to comment on the results and the activity , and discuss the opportunity to repeat the activity .
This review is to tell you about the Astoux restaurant , which is situated in the heart of Cannes on the seashore .
As you enter the place you are welcomed by a very natural setting .
Sitting in any table you have a wonderful view of the sea .
The menu offers a wide variety of mouth - watering starters : it is famous for its oysters .
The main course may consist of a risotto with fish , which can be really thrilling .
It might be followed by a delicious mousse au chocolat served in a large glass as a perfect ending .
All this can be accompanied by different selections of white wines .
All the products are fresh and the chef takes great care in selecting the best quality ingredients .
In addition to it the service well accompanies the high quality of the cooking .
Despite the high price of the food , I had a pleasant dining experience .
This is the reason why I highly recommend going to the Astoux restaurant .
The room was full of things that day .
Michael came back from the school after a tedious day .
His brother Paul had been searching something in his bedroom and it seemed to be a completely mess .
Suddenly , Michael saw his brother crying and he asked him " where is my playstation ? ? " . said Paul inconsolably and he run to the kitchen .
Maybe someone came in their house and stole the game console !
Michael thought .
When both of them started to search clues around the house they did n't found out anything interesting , but after a while , they had seen several pawprints and in that moment Michael remembered a fact : He had been forgotten his dog inside the house but the puppy had disappeared !
Obviously he knew their dog Spooky had been in Paul 's bedroom taken his playstation .
As they were looking for it in the garden they realised the console was near a tree .
Surprisingly Spooky turned up and escaped with some keys in his mouth but Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Vividly as the picture depicts , there are six steps to produce bank notes .
First of all , they are supposed to be desighed with great care and considerations , such as the background colour , artwork and security issues , all of which are crucial for notes .
Secondly , skilled machinists will make preparations for metal plates that are one of the most vital ways to ensure the quality of bank notes .
Thirdly , sheets of bank notes will be printed with colour on both sides , usually 50 bank notes per sheet .
In this step , special ink will be used for the images , slightly raised on the notes .
Next , it will come to the most improtant step , inspection .
Printed sheets will be manually inspected .
There are two ways for these notes after this step .
If they are good quality sheets or partially damaged , but still in good condition , they will be packaged and dispatched .
On the other hand , if they are bad sheets or in bad condition , they will be disposed securely .
Dear Daniel ,
How have you been ?
I hope the charity event you 've organised with your school was successful .
I was very inspired by your idea and decided to organize an even with charity club members in my school as well .
Now that we have a wonderful idea I thought you would want to hear about it .
I know how much you care about animals and love them , especially dogs .
The problem is that there are lots of stray dogs in the streets and they disturb people .
We decided to organize a play and donate the money we earn to a Dog Foundation .
We tried to involve many students as possible since we needed actors , costume designers and technicians .
Thanks to this event , people have learned to work as a team , improved their self - esteem and developed their social skills .
The event was very successful as we earned € 2,000 in just a day .
People who attended the event had a wonderful time .
Hope you liked my idea and looking forward to hear from you soon .
Love ,
Fulya
Just next to the desk , I would put on a small wardrobe ; given that there would have additional drawers under the bed to keep some clothes , a large wardrobe might not be needed .
I might put on a mirror on the interior side of one of the wardrobe doors .
Well , I have already explained in detail how I would decorate two of the room sides , so now I am going to tell you what there would be in the two remaining walls .
First and foremost , though , I have to say that I am eager reader ; that being said , it may be obvious why I value space so much : I need a place to put my books in .
So , resuming what I was saying , I would place two or three bookcases , filling the remaining space this way .
On the other hand , aside from my bedroom , I would love to have my own reading nook , where to read peacefully .
So , if my mental estimates are correct , there should still be enough space available to also place a little armchair , where I could read more comfortably than in my bed or in my chair desk , not very far from the window .
Oh !
, also , it would be really nice to have a footstool , too .
As far as television is concerned , well , being honest , I haven't been watching much TV for years .
So , at most , I would put on a fourteen inches one on the top of one of the bookcases .
Nevertheless , it 's something dispensable for me and , for this reason , I think I could get by without having one .
Now that I have already finished describing the arrangement of my hypothetical bedroom , I am going to talk about its lighting .
Firstly , I would only use energy - saving lights to illuminate my dream room .
Secondly , my idea is putting on , at least initially , two lamps : a white overhead one and a red desk one .
Regarding the desk is just beside the bed , the desk lamp could be used to illuminate both the desk and the bed head ; that way , placing another lamp in the furniture would be unnecessary .
Lastly , I could consider also putting on a standard lamp near my reading armchair , but I would need to actually set up and use my dream bedroom to see if it is really worth it .
Finally , concerning the bedroom colours , I believe the walls should be painted of a light colour , like white , beige or , maybe a light green . The ceiling could be the same colours as the walls or , perhaps , a darker hue than they .
I sincerely doubt that I painted the furniture , though , so they would display the colour of the wood they would be made from .
Lastly , I would like that my curtains were red , given that is my favourite colour ; however , I would use maroon , which is quite similar , for the curtains because it is more sober and , consequently , more suitable for my room .
I think a family matters much for everybody .
We do n't choose parents and children , but we can choose a good husband or a wife .
My parents divorced when I was 16 years old , so I do n't have close relations with my mom and dad .
Although I 'm very grateful to my mom for great support in the most difficult time of my life .
My mother has a lot of friends and she is quite happy .
My dad has a new family and it seems he is fine too .
My son is 13 years old and we understand each other very well .
I 'm rather a friend to him than a strict mother .
He does not conceal anything from me as I try to understand what he really needs and support him .
My husband is also my best friend as I do n't have anybody closer than he .
We speak about everything and respect each other .
Sometimes we quarrel , but it does n't last long .
I 'm happy as I have always dreamt of such a family .
I completely disagree with the statement " there is no future for public transport " .
I do believe that with time people become more conscious of the idea of cities convenient to everyone .
Despite private car is more convenient to its owner then public transport , it is not in use the majority of time and that means wasting city space for parking while it could be used as a public space .
At the same time it is not impossible to solve the task of comfort and efficacy simultaneously .
For instance network of taxi cabs with affordable prices could combine comfort of personal car and work - load of public transportation .
Nowadays all the car manufacturers accepted the task of design robot - driven car that in future would resolve the issue of safety and availability of taxi 24 hours 7 days a week .
But how is it possible to persuade citizens to make a right choice ?
Unfortunately the main method is to make private cars if not a luxury then to make their usage economically less efficient in favour to public transportation .
And underground , light tram system are still more ecological and fast .
The aim of this report is to describe the training course that I was attending last month , for a week and the activities in which I was involved during this period of time .
It turned up to be a disadvantage for me , given that I am interested in the theory .
I managed to find out very few things about the theory , due to the large number of participants .
I realised there is no time to think too much when it comes to practice , because you have to act quickly and to prove yourself and the others that you use your knowledge in order to accomplish a certain task .
The efficiency is one of the most important things in terms of time management .
I would strongly recommend this training course on time management , considering is useful not just to gain some theory aspects for those who want to be more organised , but also if you want to really manage in a daily situation .
As a result of useful activities putting theory into practice , you will have a better chance to achieve your goal .
Hi Paul ,
As I 've told you I was helping on the Linkin Park 's concert last month and I have to write you something about it .
You may thought that I met them or I got an autograph but I must disappoint you .
I was just selling tickets .
But I love this experience , I was really enjoying it .
I was there with my friend .
When we came the manager gave the tickets to us and told us to be nice .
We stood in the entrance and when the clock struck six there just appeared thousands of people .
It does n't seem but it was hard work but after the concert the manager praised us for doing good job .
And guess what was the best thing about it !
We could watch the concert without buying a ticket !
You can imagine that it was amazing , Linkin Park is the best group I know so I was really enjoying it .
I hope we will get this chance next year .
Do you think you will go with us next time ?
It 's unforgettable experience and it gave me a lot .
Please write to me soon .
Yours faithfully
Petra
This picture illustrates the process of producing cash .
The first step is to design the looking of the bank notes and then prepare skilled machinists for metal plates .
After that , these notes are going to get printed , which includes coloring them on both sides and raising the images with special ink .
The next step is the most important and it involes inspection , which means good and bad sheets are separated during this process .
Those good quality sheets are cut into individual notes and dispatched after packing and those bad sheets and notes are destroyed out of secutity aspect in the very last process .
Overall , the whole process of making bank notes has six steps and they are design , metal plates ' preparation , printing , inspection , dividing sheets into three groups and distribution or disposal .
The key step is to manually inspect the notes .
I am not at all agree with that .
No future for the public transport ?
, of course there is future for it and every day more and more .
Green house gases have put a red light warning on the planet , and countries around the world are starting to realize the importance of reducing these gases .
One of the measures that we , as world citicens , can take is to leave our cars at home and start to take public transport or to share cars with others .
Big cities are crowd with vehicles and as result levels of pollution are dangerously increasing .
This is developing diseases and alergies that are affecting the citicens .
That is why , many cities has close their centres to private cars and only allows public transport .
Enginers are studying new engines that are more nature friendly , but even so , we have to reduce vehicles to help reduce green house effects and pollution .
Plans and programmes are being developed to reduce the number of cars driving throuhgt the cities .
Some of these oave the same destinations .
Use public transport is a way to be green and help to improve our planet and that is a very important task for all of us .
I do not agree with the statement that there is no future for public transport .
In recent years , public transport is really common in our lives .
From the Metro system , the bus , the train , and the high speed rail , all these public transportation become more and more popular .
Lots of people really enjoy the moment when taking public transportation because they are more convenient , cost less and more eco - friendly .
In my opinion , taking public transport is more convenient .
We do n't have to drive by ourselves , and we do n't have to think which way we should go to reach the destination .
What we have to do is simply go to the public transport stations and there will be vehicles that will take us to anywhere we want .
Additionally , taking public transport cost less .
Compared to driving a car , it only cost us about 20 N.T. dollars or at most 50 dollars for one single travel .
We have to pay for the oil if we drive and we all know that the oil price goes up every year .
As a result , I think more people will prefer to take public transport rather than driving due to the high price of the oil .
Finally , taking public transport is more eco - friendly .
Our mother earth has suffered from air pollution for a long period of time which leads to greenhouse effect and the rise of the average sea level .
We do n't want these natural disorders to continue .
Taking public transport can effeciently reduce the emmission of carbon dioxides and will help the earth to recover from those disorders .
So , as a member living in our mother earth , we should do our best to protect her .
From this point of view , I do n't think public transport has no future .
The above reasons I mentioned explain why I do not agree with the statemant that the public transport ha no future because travelling by car is more convenient .
Can you imagine a transportation which never appears ?
You may think of the time machine , it would only be seen on movie .
However , it wo n't be probably be invented after all .
Is there no future for public transport ?
Since a century , many transports have been invented , therefore our lives become convenient .
We can easily travel around the world .
What transportation do we need and should be invented now is hard to think , because no place we could n't go .
I think the transport nowadays are perfect .
Although the public transport is enough for people need , it can be improved its function .
For example , the speed of transportation can become faster , using green energy sources , improved the capacity of the public transportions and so on .
With the advance of technology , a lot of problems have come to pass , the natural resources are becoming in storted , and the air pollution is getting worse .
This is harmful to everything in the world .
So , we have to consider how to improve theses problems for our next generation .
Learning of another language is very useful these days , because of globalization and also cooperation between countries .
It is importatnt when we work or study in international area .
It can have benefits but also some drawbacks .
Firstly I would like to write about benefits .
People who are learning another language or more languages have more opportunities in their life .
It can have influence at their work .
They can have better position , work for foreign company , communicate with foreign companies etc .
It can be the benefit at school as well , because if you need some information for some project , you can look at foreign literature too .
Also you can be part of travelling and working experience which can offer to you your school .
If you want to try this option , you need to have a very good level of particular language .
It is very good that these days schools offer you more languages for learning to choose from and they recommend learning at least 2 foreign languages .
Of course it can be different in each country .
Another very important benefit of learning new language is that you can travel you will understand people abroad and you will know how to communicate with them .
It helps you to ask people on many important information which you need during your journey .
For example , which way you should go , where is good restaurant , how to travel in a country , how to solve your problems , where is the cheapest accommodation and much more .
Thanks of learning another language you can have also friends from all the world and you can better understand the culture of new country .
And what are the drawbacks ?
I think that there is not many disandvantages of learning another language .
One of them can be that people who do not understand this language will try to ask you all the time to help them .
It can be really interrupting if it still continues .
And sometimes maybe you do not want to hear what are people speaking about in foreign language .
In conclusion I would like to say that the learning of another language will be always important for today 's people and new generation too and in addition it will increase need to communicate in another language .
Hi Maria José ,
I am writing to you in reference to the First Certificate exam .
It 'll be a pleasure reporting that the tests were passed with flying colors , for that I ask for your help .
You told me that you have a shared folder with some learning tools to pass this exam .
I found a bilingual Spaniard ( with several international certificates and now he 's teaching in a bilingual school in Madrid ) .
Our idea is to talk at least twice a week .
I 'm afraid because I think that the next exam in March could be a bit soon , but if I could have a look to some tools I 'll be relaxed .
Also , I found some books on the internet with Crambridge 's exams .
Thank you for your attention .
I look forward to hearing from you soon .
Best wishes ,
Adrián Mares .
PS : Merry Christmas and a Happy New year !
With the process of the globalization , people are eager to know the other country than ever .
In the past , most people consider the museum as the best way to get along with the unfamiliar land .
However , the situation has already changed .
First , as the technology developed , we may find visiting museum is far from convenient .
People using new technique has gradually constitued the majority .
The online visiting is a good point in this case .
The Forbidden City , one of the most famous museum in China , has opened its online version to the public , which means people can visit the Forbidden City on the Internet instead of taking a time - consuming flght to Beijing where the museum locates .
It leads to an increasing number of people choose to using the online museum .
On the other hand , needless to say , the limitation of museum is that it can only store some pictures and paintings , it is far from an enjoyable visiting when you can only see the picture 2 meters away and no touch .
The scenery , the beauty of mountain and river , can only be enjoyed when you travel there on youe own .
Once I visited the museumm finding some pictures of the cave painting in France , but when I got France to see the real painting , I found it is more vivid and can show you how great the France caveman who painted it .
Admittedly , the museum has its owm merits;it is easy to find on the map and always be emphazised as a symbol of a country .
However , more often than not , the high price of the ticket of the museum can ruin the fun when you get to the coutry .
A documentary , a book about the culture is cheap and easy.we can consider it a ecomomical method .
Visiting museum is undoubtedly a good way to konw about a country , but not a best way anymore .
If you decide to find some information about a totally unknowed land , the museum is not a wise option .
The home of the future .
That sounds a little bit like a name of any sci - fi or horror .
But why ?
Will our houses look so terrible in a 40 years ?
Will they fly in the sky ?
Or will they be made from iron and have strong door and barred windows ?
Will we even go out on the street ?
But do n't panic , let 's think rationally .
Technology will control our homes .
With technology we will clean our house , technology will protect us , with technology we will spend our free time .
In every room we will have a big screen , where we 'll be able to see , where are our children and if everything 's ok .
Our fridge will tell us to buy a fresh milk , if there 's no left .
Our bed will tell us when to go sleep .
I have only one question .
Will we live in that house alone ?
Do we need friends or family members if technology can take care of us ?
Machines can tell us lots of imporatant information .
Does it mean that contact between people will disappear ?
I think it 's something nobody wants , but it can comes true .
People use machines and robots because they do n't want to waste their time .
But maybe they could stop talk to each other , because it 's waste of time too .
I hope , It will never happen .
Better live in a cottage .
16th December 2013
Writing task : Informal letter
Dear Jenny ,
How are you doing ?
As you know I 'm planning to go to England to brush up on my English .
I really appreciate it if you could give me a piece of advice about what course should I take .
I 'd like you to take into account the following requirements .
Firstly , my main target is to improve speaking and writing skills as I do n't feel confident enough to do such tasks .
Selected college should be used to teaching these matters properly .
Secondly , I 'd like the college to be located not too far from accommodation if possible . I would n't like to spend too much time on public transport every day .
As far as accommodation is concern I 'd like bed and breakfast included in the price .
Finally , my overall budget amount 900 pounds .
Would it be enough for a two - week course in England ?
If it 's not please let me know .
Well , we 'll keep in touch and thank you very much for all your help .
Best regards
Juan
Summer camping is all about providing fun activity in a safe environment .
Working with kids makes fun and safety a high priority .
In my opinion , to be a suitable person for the summer camp job you should have qualifications to create fun activities and to keep kids safe .
Creating fun activities is an important role of the summer camp workers .
As a father of three boys and one girl aged 7 - 10 years , I have the ability to create and perform fun activities .
In the last summer , my kids and I created a fun morning and afternoon program for our neighbors we called it " multi - balls multi - fun " .
In the morning program , the kids have enjoyed playing football , soccer ball , basketball and water ball .
The program has included many competitive activities that full of fun and cheerful .
In the afternoon , the kids have enjoyed a multi - dance program that has different international dances .
the kids have loved learning new dances and cultures
Safety is a core component in the summer camps ' activities .
while designing fun activities , the camp workers have to take in concerns the safety level for these activities , the possible harm and the protection and treatment supplies that might be needed .
As a retired nurse , I have a high sense of safety and harm prevention .
I used to assess and treat many injured kids during my work journey in many hospitals .
In addition , I have the experience in providing the basic , the advanced life support , and the airway protection .
While these situations are rare , they need an effective fast intervention to save kids ' lives .
In conclusion , I think providing fun in safe environment is the main component in summer camp that each family is looking for . as a father and a nurse I have the ability to create the fun , to provide safe activities and the most important is my ability to intervene in the emergency situations
Foster Hollywood is an American restaurant in the center of Caceres .
It is a popular place .
The interior is spectacular because it is decorated as the film of Hollywood .
The tables and the chairs are very beautiful because they are as in the American films but they are very inconfortable .
The atmosphere is quiet and relaxed but always it is crowded .
The waiters are very friendly and helpful .
I love this restaurant because the food is really good is the tastiest food that I have eaten .
My favourites dishes are the " Nachos " and " Catarapi " , the second is a dish of spicy pasta , it is spectacular .
The service is very fast I believe the people eat good and fast .
The price is a bit expensive , but it is a great place for lunch or dinner with the friends .
I think this restaurant would be suitable for us because it is a great place for all , it is in the center and the most important her food is really tasty .
So I always recommend go .
Yes .
We can get a lot of up to date information around the world through watching television .
There are many channels on TV , not only entertainment but also technology , health , environment , weather forecast and news channel , etc .
So , it can really educate people .
News on TV tell us what is happening in the world .
Health channels give the ways of living with healthy lifestyle .
Weather forecast points out to prevent from violent storm , rain , snow , etc .
Discovery channel is the knowledge bank and animal planet is very interesting .
Moreover , nowadays many education channels are developing to help the students .
Mathematics , English and environmental knowledge Quiz programs on TV aid the mental development of children .
We can also improve our moral attitude by watching the discussion and speech by the outstanding leaders .
So , I think advantages and disadvantages of TV mainly depend on the watching person .
We can make good use of time from TV and we can also waste time with some useless channels .
So , we need to try to get equal balance between entertainment and education from TV .
By doing this , we can gain bird eye view without much effort .
Dear Sir
I have seen your advertisement on the Internet and I am really interested in it .
I am a qualified educator and I have worked with children for five years .
Because of this , I have learnt many activities and games that I could use in your summer camp .
I have also taught English to Spanish pupils so language will not be a problem .
Although I only know dishes from my country , I could learn more about your meal because cooking is one of my favourite hobbies .
I always work with many children , so I have experience managing and organising groups .
About my personal characteristics , I am friendly and self - confident but I have another quality that children loves : I am really creative , I can make costumes with not many materials so they will enjoy a lot dressing them up .
I usually play sports like tennis or running but specially I am interested in living adventures , and I would like we could live this one together .
I enclose my CV to complete information .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Yours faithfully
Dear Jo ,
I am glad about having good news from you , it has been a whole year since we talk the last time .
I 'm so happy you are almost finishing school and of course that you are coming to Colombia .
As I told you once , Colombia has a lot of amazing places where you can have fun , met new people and learn all about our
culture .
It would be incredible if you start your trip in Cartagena which is a caribean and tropical city .
It is so warm
and you can spend some quality time on the beach or walking by the old city .
Then you can go to Santa Marta , do some water sports , visit Taganga where you can find the best shrips in the whole area .
Thereafter , you should go to Medellín , in that time of the year they will be celebrating some typical holidays .
So , you will be able to live and watch all this amazing exotic flowers , to hear Colombian music and see typical dances .
After that , you need to come to Bogotá . I am going to be happy about having you here .
I can show you the downtown , some of the most important museums like " La Casa del oro " or The national Museum .
Then , we can go out for a party night at the west of the city .
To finish , if you want to , you can be an English tutor at my University for the whole time you are going to stay in the city .
I can talk with my program 's director and try to get you the job .
Please write to me and tell me if you are interested .
Your friend ,
Laura
By the way , my boyfriend will finish PhD program this summer :-) , and then he needs to do compulsory military service begin 7th August for one year .
Fortunately , he is assigned to substitute services , so he does n't to enter real army .
We think that will be convenient for him to apply the Postdoctor position during the period of military service .
His ideal plan is he will try to apply the Postdoctor position this fall or winter , and then he can work abroad after finishing the military service ( August 2015 ) .
To take public transport or not that is a question . Travelling by car is convenient , however , it
ignores the car congestion problems and the pollution for the CO2 .
Yet , to me public transport is my
preference .
Public transport reduce the car congestion problems .
Since the public transport , it decrease people
work or travelling by car .
For example , taking the train form Taipei , the city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the newyear just costs half an hours in contrast nearly two hours awing to the car congestion in the highway .
Besides , take the train instead of car may make a new friends possibly if chats with others besides the seats .
Therefore , public transport is the best option to me .
In terms of protecting environment , taking the public transport may cut down the carbon emmittion .
Because there are nearly 70 billions people in the world if everyone travelling by car even the half , the pollution will be the burden to the world .
It is the urgent timing to avoid greenhouse problem that people should think how to decrease the carbon emmition .
To be brief , taking the public transport is not only avoid congestion problems to save the time but benefit our mother nature future .
Admittedly , travelling by the car has its merits such as more convenient to everywhere we want , can enjoy the time with family in car .
Nevertheless , it cost a lot of problems and pollution .
For the better life and world why not take public transport .
Tom was so happy because he finally won the prize .
He attended in a local motorcycle race and won the 5000 $ cash prize .
He did his best for this race .
Three consecutive years he attended in the local race but at most he could get the second rank .
This year he found a good trainer and 6 months training made him fully ready for this race .
He went to coffee shop .
In there he saw an old man who asked him for help .
The old man said to him my son needs surgery today or he will die .
Tom asked him the cost of surgery .
The old man answered 20,000 $ .
Tom asked him about the insurance and the old man said the insurance only pays 5,000 according to its commitment for this kind of disease .
Tom told I can give you 5000 $ but what can I do for the rest of this amount ?
He thought I should perform a show to jump over the several wrecked cars but it was too risky because he had not any experience in this kind of show .
Moreover , he needs some people to advertise for the show .
He talked to his trainer Jack and explained the problem .
Jack said I know someone who can do that but how we organize the show .
We need advertising and to find a suitable place for show until 3 pm .
Tom called his friends and asked them to advertise by any means they can and also he requested his trainer to talk to the owner of the race road .
It was 5 pm and too many people came to see the show .
Tom yelled : ladies and gentlemen , please help us as much as you can because all of the income of this show is paid for surgery of a sick boy .
Tom sold all of tickets quickly and earned enough money .
The old man became very excited and glad .
His son was cured and in recovery room Tom visited him and they became friends .
It was 10 pm when Tom arrived home .
Although it had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
A short - term and enticing Russian loans are very attractive for Serbian politicians who are struggling with the financial difficulties .
Because of the quicker effects they are more lucrative for the elite than the long - term reforms required by the EU .
As an Orthodox and Slavic country which is yet to become a member of the EU and does not want to become member of NATO , in a difficult economic situation with public exposed to strong propaganda , Serbia , is an easy target of Russia 's soft power .
People were changing during ages and in the same time they were building astonishment history .
They were thinking how the world would look like and with that thought civilization was created .
Nowadays we are in the same situation .
Future is one of the biggest question for us .
Our curiosity is not restraining .
I want to give an example how would look like the Home of the Future .
The first question is where our homes would be located .
Will it be Earth in general ?
There are a lot of places where people are setting theirs houses , perhabs we will be living under water ?
Many buildings like skycarpers are suggesting living in flats which exist above the ground and it is not extraordinary , but how about whole cites prospering under the water with it own source of light which could replace the Sun .
Likewise location , something which could change are the materials with which we will build houses .
Our main goal should be creating homes with renewable materials which might be available to everyone and cheap .
That way of thinking could bring us a better world without homeless people .
Despite the fact that visual aspect is the most important thing to most people in my opinion in this case everything was said and no new forms could be created .
To summarize the Home of the Future will bring us not only a new kind of home , but also a new outlook on life .
Good morning , everyone !
Today I 'm going to introduce a book about nature that I 've read recently .
The book is called " Living Through a Natural Disaster " written by Eve Recht .
The reason I chose this book was that it is really comprehensive in showing you that different parts of the world are suffering from disasters , for instance , the Cyclone Tracy in Darwin , Australia ; the Yellow River flood in China and a devastating drought in Central America etc .
It concisely depicts the devastation and destruction caused by natural disasters .
The book is also very readable , not only introducing the disastrous effects of disasters but simply gives us an overview of handling natural disasters , so anyone can get to know the geographical phenomenon .
The most engaging and intriguing part of this book is that the people who live along the Yellow River , how they suffered from the flood and how they handled the devastation and make a better solution .
At the beginning , the Yellow River was always unleashing terrible floods that swept through towns , villages and farmland .
It became a mass killer and make people homeless .
People were forced to flee by boat because of the flood .
People living along the river wanted to prevent the flood coming again by building dykes .
However it made the situation worse .
After day of heavy rain , the water level became dangerously high because the riverbed can not withstand the water when it out of its limitation .
The Yellow River overflows and the crops on the plains are ruined in some areas .Fortunately , the flood also makes the plains fertile and feed millions of people .
While I was flip - flopping through the pages , I let my imagination run wild with the story .
Let 's think about how we treated our mother of nature before .
Now she is extremely angry after human beings did something really hurt to her .
After all , she is very kind - hearted and always helps us have a good living .
Even though the mother of nature is complicated sometimes , she would give us a light of hope .
She never just shuts one door , and she also opens another one .
According to what Charles Dickens said , " it was the best of times " , because the people can get rewarding from the nature and get a better life because of the fertile land which can feed us .
However , " it was the worst of times " also .
People will continue suffering the dangerous floods and there is no end after many years unless the government take an effective action to stop flooding .
It is arduous for people living in devastating surroundings .
The Yellow River is a combination of history and modernization .
It carries a lot of memories from the past to now , whether it is cruel to people or not .
Reading this book is like unwrapping a present which is packed in layers of sheets .
My heart grieved at every word portraying the suffering of the people in the Yellow River .
Meanwhile , a surge of sympathy and despair overwhelmed me with lots of thought - provoking words .
I sincerely recommend this book to everybody who wants to broaden their horizons and know more than you have known already .
That 's all for my presentation today .
Thank you for listening !
I agree with the idea that sporting events can be necessary for international relations and national unity .
In this essay , I will think about the effects of these popular sporting events .
The World Cup , Olympics and other international games work for easing tensions among different nations .
For example , North and South Korea are two countries against each other , but every year they still have a friendly football match .
During that time , the fans and the players are the same harmony in unity and friendship .
The fans , supporters shout , they even cry together .
The sports game events are opportunities to strengthen the friendship between the nations .
On the other hand , some sports matches can make international relations worse .
Sometimes the sports games are full of tensions over flow .
The patriotic emotions explode in unaggressive way .
For example , during the semi - final first leg AFF Cup 2014 between Vietnam and Malaysia team , the players played quite violent , the supporters of the two teams were very tense .
Even after the end of the match assaults occurred between supporters of the two teams .
I think that international sporting occasions can be one of the best ways to ease tensions or to release patriotism safely .
However , I believe that games can not be the fundamental ways for the sound patriotism or peaceful international relations .
I am very interested in this management trainee - marketing position with your corporation , and believe that my education and employment background are appropriate for the position .
During my tenure at the University of economics and Law , I have noticed my growing interest in marketing and public relations .
Last month , I interned at the Hoan My Medical Corporation in Ho Chi Minh City .
My position entailed developing marketing content on the web pages and slideshows publicizing the success of the society 's event .
I was able to utilize my marketing skills to assist the organization in their goal to promote SEO .
The marketing departerment also gives me the responsibility of publicizing events via Facebook .
I believe that my experiences in marketing and interpersonal skills make me a prime candidate for this position . I am a diligent worker , and passionate about my work . I will be a valuable asset to your company and will use this as an opportunity to grow and further the development of my marketing skill set .
Thank you very much for considering my application for candidacy .
I will follow up within a week to confirm that all of my materials were received and hopefully set up an interview time .
People 's lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years .
If we watch how society is going nowadays , we notice some aspects that let us think about human condition .
First of all we can define ourselves " slaves of the technology " because now we all have a telephone that have lots of functions and that turn us away from real life .
This can be seen in teenagers , who seems to prefer to talk by telephone than " face to face " , and also in children , who prefer play with video games on their own than going to the park
In my opinion the obsession for the business trasforms society in a ring in which every man will be against his friend only for an excellent career .
The last point that has changed people 's life is the tendency to have the same thougths or the same goods .
In this way everyone is the perfect copy of someone else and the originality or a creative mind is considered as something bad .
There are also positive aspects , for example there is a progress in the subject of medicine or in the use of the eco - resources .
Will people 's life change again ?
Yes it will and I hope that we will improve our thought and we will have the cosciousness that we are not " supreme " and that we will never have the right of imposing us in the world .
Nowadays it is possible to listen to various types of music .
What is the reason for making music necessary for us ?
Is national music more important than foreign music , which is heard all over the world ?
Taking acceptance the strength of music , it is hard to imagine human life without it . "
Music is the nutrition for our souls " said in the popular proverb .
Therefore , we can feel the enormous role of music in our lives .
To my mind , beautifulness of music does not depend on its sorts .
People enjoy it and do not think about its genre .
For example , there are various music competitions Eurovision Song Contest which organized in many countries .
People almost from all over the world attends to participate in it .
Being the core of culture of a country , it influences on national fame .
For instance , in our country music consists of two main parts : Mougam and Folk music , which have been getting popularity from all regions in the world since it was sprung .
However , modern music is not always acceptable for different people .
Despite that it is held by the majority of countries .
To take account that it has been improving day by day , we can meet the appearance of very exotic and amazing mixtures of modern and national music almost in every country .
Most of the countries enjoy such intertwining that could be considered as a new type of music .
Inasmuch as this process makes peoples close to each other encouraging them to corporate and befriend .
To sum up , it is necessary to point out that there is not any negativeness or perfectness of national or modern music at all .
It is essential to treasure music as one of the significant kinds of art .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
But to begin with Anna for a long time was n't famous at school .
She prefer books , quiet places and that kind of thing , boring for elite in our school .
She always was the best student in the class or even in the school for a couple times .
She very focused on learning .
She had a dream to be a lawyer and wanted to help innocent people .
She was always involved with school trips connected with political places like court or government .
One a day she decided to pass away all of this thing and get started something completely different .
She forgot about books .
Unfashionable clothes turned into fashionable dresses .
Anna became a model !
She became really popular in all school , everyone wanted to spend time with her .
She is pretty , smart and so nice for all people .
And for now she is one of the most popular models in the world not only in the school .
Day when Anna decided to be a model was the most important in her life .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very happy for reading your letter and that you come to my beautiful country .
I think that Spain is an incredible country since it has all kinds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , lakes , and you can enjoy adventure activivities , for example , trekking routes , climbing , bungee , surf ... You can make different tourism depending on the city where you want to go .
First of all , I would like to talk about Extremadura .
Extremadura is in the West of Spain and it has a good weather all year .
However , I recommend travelling to Extremadura in Spring or Autumm because in summer it is too hot .
In Extremadura you can enjoy the environment and you can walk across the famous Monfragüe Nacional Park or Tajo - International Natural Park .
Moreover , you can swim in the cold water of Los Pilones ( I recommend you this place because it is an incredible and quiet place and I love it ) or small natural lakes on the North of Extremadura .
Also , Extremadura has many towns and cities with an impressive ancient neighbourhood , for instance , Cáceres , Mérida , Trujillo , Guadalupe , Alcántara ...
Other places that I would recommend are : the towns of the South of Andalucia which have clean beaches , cold water and a good leisure with many restaurants , shops , parks , zoos , aquatic parks ...
On the other hand , near Mediterranean Sea there are a lot of towns with fantastic beaches which water is very clean and warm .
In particular , I recommend you to go to Baleares Islands .
However , if you want to go there , you must fly or go by ship .
In addition , you can visit the North of Spain since it is very beautiful with marvelous landscapes and beaches .
In the North of Spain the weather is colder than the rest of the country , for this reason , the water of the beaches is very cold and it is very difficult to swim there .
However , you must go and know these unforgettable places .
You say in the letter that you want to work for three months . I think that you can try look for a waiter job in the towns with beaches during the Summer months .
It is easier to find a job in the beach than finding it in the centre of Spain .
I 'm looking forward to seeing you .
Best wishes .
Bea
Yesterday , Tom woke up at 7 o'clock in the morning as he usually does .
He took breakfast with his father that took him school , as he always do .
That morning , he had math and after he had a science class .
The first one was very boring for him because he was very tired and he was n't about listening everything that the teacher was saying .
Tom loves asking questions himself about life and thinks that science class is the only that can solve his questions .
Those questions are : Where and how do we come from ?
And many more .
When science class arrived he felt really excited because John , the science teacher , told them that he was going to explain them a very interesting thing .
It was about what problems are we going to have in a few years if we do n't change anything related to contaminating our environment .
John talked about the serious problems there are caused by not recycling things as plastic bags , bottles … that end up floating in the sea because humans do n't take care of our environment , and all this is causing that loads of acuatic animals expire .
When Tom arrived home , talked to his family about what have he learned in science class and talked their parents to start recycling .
It had been a very long and tiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something really good .
We have worked with Nikita for 1 year during my account management of Enter .
As AC category manager Nikita has demonstrated in - depth knowledge of AC market , high level of negotiations skills , and professional attitude to everything he did .
Nikita has shared with me his understanding of e - retail , analysis of sales channels , product strategy in online and offline mix .
His advice helped me to increase sales of main e - retail partners .
Nikita has superior communication skills , positive mindset , and he is highly approachable .
I 'm absolutely confident to recommend Nikita as an experienced Product Manager .
Dear Madam / Sir ,
My name is Marco Bruno .
This is to apply for the position advertised concerning the USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I am Italian , 30 years old .
Due to my background I believe to be the ideal person for the abovementioned job .
I have been working with children since I was aged 16 .
I have been involved in summer camps with children from different background and diverse needs .
In particular , I have been dealing for 10 years with children with disabilities .
Such experience has been an eye - opener for me .
I had the chance to be introduced to a different world and I started looking at the daily life with differnet eyes .
Children can indeed teach you a lot , being able to express their feelings with the spontaneity that adults often lack .
A few years ago , I had also the chance to work for 1 year in a school for disabled children and youth in a rural area of Ghana .
It was impressive to see the strength showed by those children .
Being raised in an environment where personal autonomy is the core , children with disabilities were growing very independent and strong , despite all the challenges they could face on the way .
During the year in Ghana , I was part of a team of volunteers working with children .
After consulting some children 's representatives , we organized Olympic games for the children attending the schools of the area .
You do not need much to make children happy and let them enjoy the positive energy given by sane sports competition .
As volunteers we were also helping the cooks of the schools in the kitchen and in the dining room .
Moreover , I had the chance to share with them the recipe of Italian pizza .
Since they were already baking bread , they quickly learned how to make a delicious pizza as well .
In conclusion , I believe to meet the requirements of the job and I kindly ask you to consider me for it .
My experience with children from different ages and Countries makes me a suitable person for the position advertised by your Esteemed Company .
Thanks in advance .
Sincerely ,
Marco Bruno
TENNIS AND NOTHING ElSE
WHY TENNIS
There seems to be nothing better , nothing more interesting , exhiliring , breathtaking or stunning just as taking up this sport .
It ca n't be compared to anything else if it comes to all emotions and feelings which are connected with playing tennis .
Being on the court , it appears to be funny , gives me a feeling of fulfilment .
PREPARING FOR THE GAME
Not everybody knows how much devotion and determination requires being a good player .
You just surely have to work your fingers to the bones but it 's definitely worth .
It 's also not said but tennis is one of sports which causes an enermous amount of injuries , so that 's necessary to be under constant control of your doctor !
Despite all obstacles , I would n't change this entertainment on anything else .
The amount of pleasure which I can get it 's simply incomparable to anything else .
ADVICE AND RECOMMENDATIONS
If I were to start my new sport career , I would choose a good medical care at fist .
Maybe it 's not a vital part of being a well known sportsman but it 's important when you want to work something off during your career .
The second thing , it 's a quality of an equipment .
There are a lot of bergains and cheap items on the market , which very often catches our eye but I want definitely warn you against it !
Do n't be mean and spent as much money as it 's needed .
I hope that you wo n't hesitate any more and that you start playing tennis at the moment !
The Home of the Future - in what ways homes will be different in the future and in what ways will be the same ? I think that is many reasons to consider both of this options .
In terms of differences is that this houses will be modern , more secure , economic .
Most of the furnishings will be a machine and domestic activities will be done for us .
However , they will lose the atmosphere of houses with antique furniture and interior , which create the unique and familiar atmosphere .
What will be the same ?
Surely people who will live in House of the Future .
Everything is going forward , so everything will be changed .
When I first watched the game between Green Bay Packers and Detroit Lions I was in stuck .
It seems like a bunch of armed men is trying to beat each other asses .
Nothing else .
And suddenly there 's a ball .
And one lucky receiver tries to deliver to the end zone .
First of all it 's a man sport , simple and simultaneously complicated .
I think it 's the best sport to watch in the whole world .
To be a fan of NFL team is very special experience .
It 's the great show , by the way .
If you enter the world of NFL brutality , rivalry and love you should know that you stay here forever .
If you plan to play this game you definitely should be an outstanding athlete . You should understand " pros " and " cons " of every move you make on the field .
And of course you should be a team player .
As they say " There 's no I in " team " , but there 's " I " in win " .
So it is what it is .
I 'm friendly , open mind and quite easy going guy who live in one of the most beautiful city of Russia - St. Petersburg .
I love my city and I love to travel , try a new things , socialize and experience a new cultures .
Working as IT engineer , I can afford 2 - 4 short term trips per year , and I always take this chance .
I can show you cool places step apart from beaten path in my hometown .
Since I have full - time job I could join you at weekends .
I would like to meet new friends all over the world and have a great time together .
I can share my knowledge about Finland and other countries .
I would like to help people in my best way I can .
I would like to learn from others about the world , people , cultures and idiomas and share this knowledge with others and be helpful in return :)
Dear Mr. Hooper ,
Introduction
the aim of this report is the desciption of the shopping facilities in my home town - Vienna .
Vienna is the capital of Austria and located in its east .
Findings
Vienna contains a lot of great shopping areas , that is why I am going to speacialse on the three most popular places .
Conclusions
I would like to start of with one of the most renownedly malls - called " Donauzentrum " .
It is situated in Kagran and can be easily reached by subway .
It covers about 60 shops .
The mall is linked to an entertainment section , called " Donauplex " .
The Entertainment section stays open after the mall closed .
There you can find a cinema , some restaurants and bars .
On the countryside you can find the recently edified mall named " G3 " .
I would recommend you to go there by car .
It contains nearly the same shops as the " Donauzentrum " and several restaurants and cafés .
The " Mariahilferstraße " is the perfekt place for people that want to avoid overcrowded malls .
This street is one oft the most popular shopping streets of Vienna .
Even the most extravagant shops can be found there .
It is not only worthy to attend the street by day but also by night .
Beside the shops some nice bars and restaurants can be found .
Recommendations
To not to lose the track I am going to give review .
Espacially on a rainy afternoon the " Donauzentrum " and " G3 " are the prefekt way to spend your day .
To people who prefer spending their time on the countryside I would commend a visit on the " Maria Hilfer Straße " .
Yours faithfully ,
James Mehler
Good morning ,
I 've just read your advertisement for the USA SUMMER CAMPS , and I 'm really interested in it .
I 'm a 17 years old Italian student , I have a B1/2 English level , I 'm cheerful and hard working .
I 'm also a volonteer among the red cross association , so I 'm used to look after children and organise all kinds of events .
I think I 'm suitable for every work because I 'm sporty and sociable and above all I think I have enough willpower to manage and carry out every work you will choose to give me .
Does the accommodation belong to the summer camp structure ?
Or is it just near there ?
As I live in Milan , I hope you will answer soon , so if I have a positive feedback , I 'll have enough time to book the flight ticket .
Thank you so much for your attention ,
Monica Conti
I live in a village on the outskirts of Milan .
I 'm happy to live here because the air is clean and fresh and we have o problems with the rubbish .
Every house has a place to put all the rubbish and people come every day to pick up the trash .
We do the collection , to recycle as many things as possible .
All the building here have been built to respect the environment , in fact every house has photovoltaic panels on the roof .
These panels are used to bring the light of the sun to produce electricity .
The first Sunday of every month , a group of volunteers goes in the parks of the village to clean it and to cut the grass .
I always participate in these events because I love the environment and I 'd like to keep my village clean .
Italy is famous for the typical food and culture rich of arts and history .
We all know that the Roman Empire affected a lot Italian culture and history , in fact if you want to go on a tour around the most beautiful cities in the country , you should definitely go to Florence , Venice , Naples and many others ..
You will be able to see ancient and modern building such as theatres , churches , cathedrals and civil buildings built by the most famous artists in the entire world !
Cities are full of museums where tourists can see all the customs and traditions that have characterized Italian culture .
They will not only see one type of history but many because Italy , for many centuries , had an important function for exchanges and commerce .
That 's why Italy is such an interesting and historical country .
Dear Mathew ,
Hi !
How are you ?
Thank you for your letter !
It was so nice to hear from you again !
In your letter you asked me for advice .
So , I think that both hobbies has their advantages and disadvantages .
If I were you , I will give up with sport , because I think that music classes can help you to impress a girl .
But , on the other hand , sport helps you to keep your muscles in tonus .
But you know , decision is your and I can just somehow effect on it .
Sorry , I need to go and wash my raccoon , he is very dirty after a walk .
Hope to hear from toy soon .
Best wishes ,
Sasha
Many people feel that learning English especially in ' England ' or in ' The USA ' , is better than learning that in a country that does not have English as its mother tongue .
For instance , in Peru everybody speaks Spanish so you are not accustomed to the language .
The advantages of learning English abroad are the everyday practice , which you should have if you are in an English country and all the people who you get to know from all the world .
One argument in favour of this idea is that Peruvian people who learn English for a short period and then travel abroad , have an enhancement in just one or two months .
However , the disadvantages are that you do not know how to behave in another culture .
And it is difficult to change your everyday routine .
Also , you can suffer from jet - lagged if you travel a long distance .
In conclusion , I am of the opinion that people ought to study abroad if they have the opportunity , so apart from your lessons you can interact with native people and learn usually - common phrases .
Anna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her .
She knew that her eighteen birthday approach and she will spend them and all the preceding week with her friends in Spain .
They had to fly next Monday and go back next Sunday .
Her birthday was in Friday and they all wanted to go that night to the greatest club in Barcelona to have some fun .
Other girls left out earlier because they prepared something special for her .
But before she went to the club , she was invited for one drink with lifesaver from the hotel 's pool .
Then the people from the hotel saw her last time .
She did not appear in the club , and she did not come to the hotel on consecutive days .
Her friends came back to their country but Anna still is missing .
Her parents and her sister still looking for her .
If you want to meet somebody strange , do not leave your friends or family without knowledge with who and where you want to go .
It 's only for your safety .
People travel less in public vehicles these days .
Many thinks that life of public transport is going to end .
I believe that it is true because the people are more concerned about their privacy and time taken to travel by the public transport .
In this essay these worries are studied carefully .
Private vehicle offers more privacy than public vehicle .
A breast feeding woman can feed her baby in the car without worrying about her privacy .
For example , If she is sitting on a bus , she could n't feed her child because people sit in the nearby seats they may gaze at her .
On a hot day the lady ca n't remove her coat to reduce body heat .
For example , A lady travel on a bus and if she removes her coat everybody will look at her and probably tease her but in her car she can do what ever she want .
Hence , the private vehicles give enough privacy and comfort for a family .
The public transport may take more time to travel and have rigid schedule than private vehicles .
A car can be drove very fast in order to reduce the time taken to travel .
In case a person who is going for an interview for a job , punctuality is a must , hence he can drive his car fast or can go earlier in his car to reach there early .
But he could not travel on a bus very fast in order to reach destination very quickly .
Because public transport have a fixed timetable .
Hence public vehicles take more time to travel .
In conclusion , usage of public transportation is reducing day by day .
People are getting anxious about their privacy and the trip time .
In order to boost the usage of public transport the government or the governing body should consider these factors and must find a solution to these problems .
We almost forget about those days before the Internet arrived .
The technology has changed us much faster and more dramatic than we used to think .
We had to carry a map for our adventure 10 years ago .
Nowadays all of what we need is a full charged smart phone with the Google Map application .
In the past people could only have a purchase from store to store by themselves , now we can browse almost hundreds of goods on line and buy it through a simple click .
For this tremendous outcome I believe that our lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years , with greater extension to every aspect of our lives .
In my imagination , the future would be more messy and crowded with less species of creature but more of us , the human beings .
We will face the more serious problems of global warming and other awful environmental pollution .
Some of the countries will be submerged entirely into the sea , some will survive , and less space for increasing people .
Fortunately the most outstanding scientists will solve the energy crisis and will find ways to create new lands for living , to clean air for breathing , and to purify water and food for supply .
Other than the situation I mentioned above , we will have our memories and knowledge being replicate in the form of digital data .
We can access all the knowledge from the Internet as we need .
When we have a dementia ( a steady degeneration disease of our brains ) we can take back our lost memories from the backup system of on - line " Big Cloud " memories .
No longer do we suffer from studying foreign languages as our eyes are capable of translating to the language we known though the linkage to the huge database online .
Also , we can change our emotions by releasing some invisible chemicals which can trigger off reactions in our brains .
We can experience the most extraordinary dreams without harmful effects to our personalities .
Moreover , our clothing will be able to change colours and patterns even the physical functions corresponding to the changing environments or simply by our specific commands .
However , the more we feel convenient , the more damages to our intellect .
We do n't have to think too much about almost everything , needing no person to company with since we have all these distractive devices for joy and relaxation .
The distance between people will increase dramatically until we finally wake up from all of these unrealistic convenience we have .
It sounds like a scary science fiction , but it may happen if we keep pursuing only values of materials .
What thing the most important is to set a right direction for the future of us .
We have a lot of problems waiting to be solved .
For example , saving the endanger wildlife and the scarce fish in the sea is much more important than those inventions which only make our lives more convenient .
Time - saving and convenience are admittedly considered two essential values of modern lives .
Nonetheless , we have to confront the truth that the resources from all over the world are distributed unfairly .
The top 50 riches in the world hold most of the power to control the direction of our future .
PLANE , TRAIN OR BOAT ?
Currently there are many means to transport , but if we talk about long distances , remain the most popular trains , planes and boats .
Which of these is better ?
We may think that depends on how you like to travel , as they all have their advantages and disadvantages .
When you travel by land , train is one of the best options .
however you ca n't travel by train when you want to cross the sea .
But personally , my favorite way to travel is by plane .
It is faster than the two , it is no difficult to travel on it and it is quite comfortable .
Also you can travel to different places and longer distances while boating , for example , you can only travel to places where connection to the sea .
In short , plane is one of the best options to do it .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm really glad to know about your future plans , I definitley think that this year of travelling and discoverying will be a great way to grow up , meet new people of different cultures .
If I have the opportunity to help you in your organization , please no doubt that I will certainly do so .
Firstly I strongly recommend you to visit the main capital , which is full of marvellous historical and cultural sites such as museums , art galleries , monuments and churches .
Whether at some point you are fed up with art and culture , the city offers to you a lot of leisure time facilities such as concerts , exhibitions , festivals and so on !
From the main capital you can easily travel by train or plane and reach in a few hours all the major cities both in the North and in the South of the country .
As you arrive during the summer , you should then have a vacation in the South where the beaches are breathtaking , with such a clean water and golden long shores .
In connection with your desire to find a job , you should try to find a temporary job in the tourism field : as you wrote , you 're searching for a monthly job and I reckon that a seasonal job for the summer would perfectly fit your expectations .
By the way , a friend of mine runs an hotel in a seaside resort and I know that he was looking forward to an English native speaker who could help him with his foreign guests .
If you are interested , I could give you his phone number and e - mail so that you two are able to speak about the matter and maybe find an agreement .
My statement to apply to a university
My name is Najla Bitar . I am from Iraq .
I graduate from AL - mustansiria University / collage of Arts / department of Translation in 1998 .
I started my work for the Ministry of Oil as senior translator in 2000 .
My country 's history inspired me all my life , the important role that my city ( Baghdad ) played in the history of education and translation specially affects the history of civilization of humanity .
Which inspire me to study Translation that considers science and art in the same time .
I pursued my life dream of higher education by searching the best universities in UK .
I found your Translation and Interpretation program for master degree meets my requirements and needs .
Since my graduation I acquired wide experience in translation .
After my graduation .
I spent two years in translation hundreds of assays in different fields for higher education students .
In 2000 .
I work in the OIL MINSIRTY 's central library on foreign scientific books which concerned mainly in petroleum filed .
This gives me wide knowledge in petroleum jargons that open endless horizons of experience and how to work on developing my knowledge and skills .
My enriched experience in English language and my knowledge in petroleum expression qualified me to work in Training and Developing Directorate mainly in abroad training .
I did many important translations for training manuals and petroleum institutions student description .
As well as , the higher administration in Training & Developing directorate selected me to join focal committee to buildup competency system for petroleum staff in corporation with the British government .
I attended many training courses in different fields like computer , human resources , English language that held in Baghdad , British council in Amman and last one was in London at luminous language solution .
I did IELTS exam twice and scored ( 5.5 ) .
In spite of that I did not give up .
I intend to study in your university in the pre session courses to meet your standard in English language .
All the above mention crystallized my ambition in continuing higher education in a respected university .
I intend to specialize in translation that concerned with the petroleum sector .
It goes without saying that I am form petroleum country and I intend to work in OPEC as representative of my country and enhance the Ministry of Oil translation staff with highly educated translators .
I plan to give hand the freshman translators in the Ministry to precede their career under my supervision by couching and mentoring them .
I am sure that you will give me hand in realizing me dream by giving me the right direction to make my dream come true .
At first you should visit sights like a churches and a cathedrals then move to the town centre and go through the town park .
There you will find beautiful countryside and gorgeous swans , which stay there for the whole year .
I can recommend you to visit the library .
It 's quite architecturally significant building I think , plus there is about million books , so you can learn something new about our culture .
There are also good pubs and restaurants .
There is a pub called Richard 's . You can easily find it because it 's huge green building just next to the library .
There you can taste our national cuisine bud also their international cuisine is tasty .
Just do not order the pancakes , because they do really bad pancaces .
If I were you I would ordered the shots of alcohol because there is a toy train which will deliver the shots to you .
You can also go to the club .
There are some clubs in the town : the A 's and the Subway , which are in the centre , and the Barrel , which is on the outskirts of the town .
I go to the A 's quite often , about once per month , but I have never been in the Barrel so I ca n't tell you , what it is like .
So if you will go to the A 's you will find it by the lights .
In front of the building are enormous reflectors which shines into the darkness .
Not far from the town lies zoo .
You definitely have to visit it .
There are about thousand of animals and in the midlle of it is located a gorgeous castle .
Charles Dickens and Emily Bronte are both Victorian writers .
Their novels have much in common : first of all the plot is usually pretty complex ( as we can see in David Copperfield by Dickens and Wuthering Heighs by E. Bronte ) , and so are the characters , which are always well described especially on a psychological level ; furthermore both the authors included in their works the figure of the noble who helps the hopeless child who comes from a lower class .
There is also a lot in contrast , most evident is the difference between the settings : Dickens prefers industrial cities while Emily prefers rural villages , and these choices reflect different topics , in fact Charles mostly deals with themes like exploited childhood , the miserable conditions of lower classes and the bad consequences of the industrialisation , instead Emily Bronte is more concerned about the theme of respectability , even if her female heroins do not reflect Victorian values such as chastity and prude .
Then we can notice that the narrator of the novel has different roles : Dickens 's narrator is omniscient , Emily 's one is part of the story itself and can change revealing characters ' perspectives .
We feel happier during the conversation when someone who has a good sense of humor .
Some people agree with that a good sense of humor is not one of the most important human qualities .
However , others disagree with it .
This is because people who have a good sense of humor can bring joy for others .
Also , people could have a good relationship when they have a good sense of humor .
Moreover , people can use their humor to overcome some difficult issues .
I would like to provide examples to illustrate my thesis .
First , people who have a good sense of humor can make others to laugh .
Moreover , we can feel happy easily .
For example , my friend , Jane , talks lots of jokes to let us laugh out loud .
We like to talk to her because she always can bring happiness to us .
Also , we can forget lots of annoying things from our work .
Consequently , we feel happy so easily because my friend has a good sense of humor .
Second , people can make a friend easier when they have a good sense of humor .
For instance , my mother always has lots of new ideas , and she likes to tell people in a funny way .
Also , after people talked to her , they always wanted to talk to my mother again and are eager to be her friends .
In this case , people who have humor can make a friend easily .
Third , sometimes a person who has humor can help others to overcome some difficult issues .
To illustrate , my niece did not get a great score in his test .
His mother told him that he did a great job because he studied so hard .
Also , his mother told him he would do better next time .
My niece had courage after his mother talked to him .
Later on , he got a great score in his test .
To sum up , people who have a good sense of humor can bring happiness to people .
Also , people can have a good relationship with their humor .
Furthermore , sometime people with a sense of humor can help others to conquer the difficult issues .
In the trend of globalization today , the success or failure of the business depends on many various factors .
Perfect product , good manager , and great marketing are the three key elements to success in business .
First of all , the products are manufactured must perfect meet the requirements of customers .
Company need to create a new product variety of designs , styles , types , sizes and colors , but still ensure high quality .
Besides , good products with reasonable prices will always attract the attention of customers .
The price of each kind of product must suitable with consumers that the enterprise directed to .
For example , workers with an average income would not choose to buy luxury goods for the rich or for those with high incomes .
Second , the management of business leaders plays an important role in the success of the company 's business .
The head of the enterprise must have the knowledge and experience to make the right and reasonable decisions .
The leader of the business must also have a way to handle the active and innovative work to save time and money .
Himselves of leader must have discipline , know working on time , and know how to create group working consensus , seriously .
Finally , great marketing is a necessary measure in order to succeed in business .
Marketing 's job to deliver content to customers learn more about company and the products and services in order to increase the advantage in the consumption of goods and increase profits .
Companies can create a site dedicated itself to introducing the value of the products , prices and services deals .
In addition , enterprise may be marketing through advertising , newspapers ... it is important to listen to feedback from customers to understand and supply what they need .
Business is not easy work and success in business is very difficult .
Good products with reasonable prices , a good manager of the strong leadership and excellent marketing plan are the factors that lead to success in business
Importance of outdoor games
As we know every person wants to get success in their respective lives .
For this they must possess a healthy life .
Outdoor games are made only for this purpose that is to make a person healthier .
In ancient times every child loved to play games outside their homes and they were more stronger than children in today 's world .
There are many games that children can play like : cricket , badminton , football etc .
Our world 's great scientist have invented internet to solve various distant problems .
Students start forgetting their physical games and got stuck in this internet world .They are giving so much time in using internet and they do only baseless gossips on social networking websites .
If they want to use it they should try to focus on getting important information which is benefial in improving their knowledge skills .
Using internet in wrong manner may affect their studies and health as well .
By playing physical games they will not only improve their health but can also gain concentration .
They should try to understand the importance of physical games and also play it regularly .
Dear Manager of the Summer Cam , USA ,
I am writing to you to request if I may be considered a place in your program .
I contain all the characteristics in which you require and so is an ideal person for the job .
Firstly , you should choose me due to the fact that I can talk English very fluently .
I 've taught at many schools including primary so I got a good encounter of children .
As I 've also ran the marathon THRICE and play in the local netball team I am quite energetic plus I 'm also hardworking as I try my best to reach my ambition .
I 'm very cheerful to and I rarely lose my temper .
I become especially happy when I 'm with children !
Also I 'm a good cook ; at one school I 'd taught at we made cheese and pepperoni pizzas !
As a result I am also organised .
I am always punctual . I 'll be good at preparing all the events as I am- as I already told you- organised .
Finally , to conclude my letter I just want to say : Please choose me !
I will make summer camp a much better place to be in !
Kind Regards
Jeyatharini Deshpande
Dear Jo ,
I am so glad that you would like to come to my country .
My
country , Indonesia , is full of natural attraction .
It is an archipelago , surely many spots of tourism here .
Beach , island , culture , and culinary are the common interest to explore here .
If you would like to see wonderful beach , you could come to Bali , Lombok , Sulawesi or Irian Jaya island .
If I can say , beaches in those islands are more beautiful and natural than in Java island .
You could travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali or by train from Jakarta to Surabaya , so you can take a plane from Surabaya to Bali .
If you choose to travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali , the trip will be much shorter , spending only two hours .
If you plan to enjoy your trip along fresh greeny landscape in Java island , you can travel by train .
It needs almost 15 hours , but you could have the view of villages during the trip .
Basically , I like to travel by train for enjoying the view along the railway track .
Also , you can interact longer with other passengers especially native Indonesian , just in case you need to explore more about Indonesia as you would like to get temporary job here .
Indonesian people are famous with their friendliness , so you could start a conversation with them to ask anything about Indonesia ; they will answer your questions with pleasure .
Here are few tips for starting conversation with Indonesian : Indonesian person will reply a smile with a smile , so you can start with it ; not all Indonesian speaks English , but most students could speak English .
I suggest you to choose college students , because they are more familiar with English , besides they will welcome you with pleasure to experience their English ability ; when you are going to use public transportation , you could ask an information you need to the official employee in the station or to student for the same reason , not many Indonesian speak English .
Bali is the most famous Indonesian island for foreign people , many of them even know Bali but not Indonesia .
Lombok , Sumbawa , Sulawesi and Irian Jaya islands have very beautiful beaches as well .
The tourism service in Bali and Lombok is better than other islands mentioned above but other islands are more challenging and natural .
If you like hiking , you could explore mountains in Java : Semeru , Ranu Kumbolo , Bromo , etc .
Joining community of hiking student can be useful , because they will be pleasant free guide for you , this trick has more effective budget for your trip .
Another way , you could follow agency to get a guide , but it is not free , you have to manage cost for the service .
It can be little bit difficult to find temporal job here , unless you got any connections with agency or local people .
Teaching English is common job for foreign people , moreover foreigner teacher is more likely than local teacher .
May my advice can be useful for your trip in Indonesia .
It is true that the scale of current marriages is larger and more luxurious than that in the past .
There are some reasons for this situation .
Personally , I think this development has both positive and negative sides .
Thanks to increasing living standard , people are able to afford a bigger and expensive wedding .
If in the past , they just hold weddings at home to save money , now they tend to choose restaurants and hotels instead .
Secondly , it is likely that nowadays people focus more on appearance , so luxurious and elegant wedding is an occasion for them to show off .
It let people to know that they are important or powerful .
Finally , people have more relationships in life as well as in business .
Therefore , the number guests invited to the wedding are much more than that those in previous time .
A bigger wedding is required to meet this change .
Obviously , expensive and larger marriage have some benefits .
It is a special case to bring people together .
As a result , more new relationships are created , people get more chance to co - ordinate in business and help each other in life .
Those who losing contact for a long time can exchange current information and keep in touch again .
Furthermore , modern weddings bring to people new experiences about food , lifestyle and culture exchanging .
However , there are also some drawbacks it bring about .
These such big and expensive marriages waste a lot of money and time to prepare .
Grooms , brides and their parents usually have to book restaurant , hotel , invite singer and famous master of ceremony to make the wedding serious .
Instead of that , this amount of money can help the couple buy house or car for a new life .
Last but not least , in some cases , only for the sake of showing off , many couples , after getting married , have to work hard to earn money to pay the debt for wedding expenditure .
To conclude , marriage is a landmark of individual .
However , a wedding with a reasonable scale will either satisfy the guests or reduce the burden for the couple and their families .
It was a trip I 'll never forget .
At first , when the ski lift rose up to the station , I was terrified as I was suspended from the ground .
Some days before we had decided to organize an excursion to a nature trail nearby as soon as we arrived at the railway stop , we were so fascinated by what surrounded us that we had been walking for three hours along a path , Suddenly , our surroundings appeared to be far wilder than it had been before so we stopped trekking and we had a look at our map .
Only then did we realize we had lost our way , we had not been paying attention to our path , the only thing we could do was to go back .
As we were going back to the ski lift , we heard a strange noise which was coming from the bushes behind us .
We turned towards the bushes immediately , we were worried as we had listened to the radio that a bear could have lived there .
Fortunately , it was a beautiful deer as Bamby which looked at us and ran away more frightened than us .
Eventually , it was a special trip !
Dear to whom it may concern ,
I am writing to apply for a job in a summer camp in the USA .
I am interested in the job because this would be an opportunity of spending my summer in a more fun way .
Another thing is that : I would improve my skills in working with children and I find the money useful to expand my academic qualifications .
Firstly , I am a young college student , a friendly person and devoted to my studies . I enjoy cooking as one of my hobbies .
I also take pleasure in playing tennis , for the benefits of practising sports and staying active .
Besides , I particularly enjoy outdoor activities rather than indoor ones .
I believe this job would suit me for the following reasons : I am familiarized with the environment in summer camps as I spent my previous summer in one .
Another reason is that I have gained experience taking care of children from working as a babysitter recently .
Furthermore , I have a great sense of leadership as well as the social skills needed from being a scout for five years .
All in all I can assure you that I would be a great addition to your team of workers for all the reasons above stated .
For that , I hope my letter is taken into consideration .
I patiently await an answer .
With kind regards , Catarina
Last summer I spent in Oxford , UK studying English in language school for ESL learners .
I knew no one in the city ; my friends and family were far away , so I felt lonely .
I came to school with almost zero knowledge of English , and after entry tests , I was applied to level higher than mine .
When I went to class there was a group of students who had already studied together for some time .
Being happy together , they were not paying attention to a new girl .
There was not a chance to befriend with them , I thought .
Third school day gone , one of the classmates caught me in a hall and asked if I want to join them tonight for dinner .
I was needed practice in speaking so much , so it was what the doctor ordered !
There was the only problem : I can not communicate well in English and I was really shy about it .
But when the dinner started there was nothing to worry , because my classmates appeared supportive and patient .
This evening was so delightful !
I told them about my country and family , I was speaking English and they were understanding me !
It gave me a strong belief in future progress in learning .
The guy who invited me , Francois from France , spoke with me more than others .
Starting to spend every evening together , we spoke about past , expressed our thoughts and future plans .
Every time when I felt weak about my English he supported me like no one else .
He helped me forget about my fear , because his believing in my success made me stronger .
After two weeks he returned to France , but we keep in touch even today .
I am going to France this December , and Francois will show me independent Paris !
Hello Paul ,
Did you remember that I went to the Muse concert in Dublin last month ?
I 'm sure you remember because I spoke a lot about this event .
I was n't a simple spectator .
I was part of the team !
I was in charge of the tickets sale .
There were ten doors in the building and my job was to sell tickets at door number 5 .
I sold 567 tickets at the price of 55 € uros .
I could see the show from my place but the most exciting thing happened at the end of the show .
The artists invited all the staff to a big party in a restaurant .
It was unbelievable to speak with the artists and ask them questions about their life and habits .
Nowadays it 's common to think that travelling by car is much more conventient than travelling by public transport but it 's no true at all .
Some surveys have demonstrated that travelling by car is more expensive that travelling by public transport .
The increase in the fuel cost for example , will have surely a negative impact on the use of private vehicles .
Moreover other costs will act upon the prices of travelling by private vehicles .
In the same surveys , the researcher show how travelling by public transport is safer than travelling by car .
The annual average of crashes caused by public transport measures of 43% , instead of the private one that is around 76% .
As for the pullotion , it could be reduced if people use the public vehicles ; it is well - known that the CO2 emissions per passenger kilometre by public means of transportation are 80% less than a car .
Obviously the quality of public transport has to be improved .
Significant changes have to be done either to ensure the quality of service and the conditions of the coaches , trains and other public means of transportation .
In this way the customer can feel comfortable as they fell in theirown cars .
ESSAY : Young people in Spain are not as healthy as they should be
The latest research carried out by The Health Department in Spain show that young people are not as healthy as twenty years ago .
That could be a higher problem if the trend is maintained for a long time because public spending could raise 60 % in the next 10 years .
The reasons for that may lay in the current financial crisis that is strongly affecting over most middle classes in the country .
The low quality in products that young people eat and the little variety in eating habits could get things even worse .
Besides , too much use of computer and mobile phones is not helping to mend the problem at all .
Finally , it is proved that youths are devoting less time to do exercise than they should and as a consequence , they are not improving their general health enough .
As far as I am concerned , I think Spanish government should implement health programmes and advertisement campaigns in order to improve health in young population .
Furthermore , Spanish schools should pay more attention to this matter and teach children how to develop a healthy lifestyle .
Travelling by car is only convenient in a restricted sense while public transport is overall more convenient .
What is meant by a restricted sense is that for adults , who are healthy and able bodied , having access to personal transportation is arguably quite attractive .
They can simply travel when they choose and not be tied to a timetable that has been devised out of their control .
However note my emphasis on adult , healthy and able - bodied , for young people , for older people , for people with disabilities being able to drive brings more costs than benefits .
A public transport system is much more convenient for this group of people because they wo n't need to worry about the skill and attention needed for driving .
Furthermore the monetary costs in the long run are much better using public transport both for individuals and for the wider society .
I totally agree with this statement .
Famous people often are annoyed , because every their action will appear in the magazines or Internet .
They ca n't do trivial things such as shopping or going to the cinema with their family insensible for the fans and papparazi .
Even when celebrities are having holidays people ask them to give an autograph .
Sometimes famous people look a little bit different that on the stage and their faces wihout any makeup appear in the Internet .
From : Elena
Date : July 26 , 2015
Hello James!I had already read your email and I 'm going to try to give you some advice . I know you love doing sports , in special golf , and it helps you a lot to be in shape , but , do you really have to do it ?
Is necessary for your health but , what about if you go running in the mornings ?
You keep doing sport but in another time .
On the other hand , I know that music is your passion , and in my opinion , you should n't give up music classes , when you 're stress it helps you to relaxes you .
Also you 're about to finish your classes , so if you give up music , you will discard all your effort .
Anyways , if you feel that going to your music classes is stressful and you do n't have time to do it , try a new sport ! maybe soccer , or go running in the mornings as I said before , believe me golf is kinda funny but you do n't exercise too much as you could .
I hope this letter help you to decide whatyou will do .
See you soon !
Elena
The complexity of human behaviour is critical in Sport .
As a result of this many studies have shown that athletes shuold be motivate to push themselves above the record .
You need a motivation to believe in your self that you can achieve it .
This attitude is especially true to Sportsman and women .
Swimming includes all these abilities .
One of the most difficult sport on the Earth will learn you what it means hard work , sacrifice , pain , strain but also satisfaction , determination , pride and struggle .
The complexities in swimming are not only for the body work out but above all for the mind .
If you want to swim evryday pushing yourself above your limits , you definitely need a strong psyche and a solid motivation .
People that would to start this sport , they should know that this is not just a sport .
This is life .
You certainly will learn to fail and win but the most important thing that you will lern is never give up .
Futhermore like Michael Phelps said : " There will be obstacles , there will be doubters , there will be mistakes but with hard work ... there are no limits " .
